How do you spell Canda	 C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
How did the blonde die raking leaves	 She fell out of the tree.
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's	 It smells like teen spirit.
How do they calculate global warming	 Al-gore-ythms
How do you hide an elephant in a fridge	 You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
How does a baboon make phone calls	 He just monkeys around on the line!
How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.
How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress	 They have a lot of patients
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	 It's not hard. Edit 1: Why was my title and username changed?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	 Ten tickles. lol :P
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb	 Nine. One to change the light bulb, and eight to beat the room for being dark.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles	 Nail its other hand to the floor.
how many people does it take to save the world	 zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)
How do skeletons reproduce	 They don't.
How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil	 A Brazillion!!! http://imgur.com/c4CJjUd
How do you make an Amish woman happy	 Three Men-A-Night
How many people with dementia does it take to change a lightbulb	 To get to the other side.
How to get a job... Interviewer: "What's your biggest weakness	" Interviewee: "I never learn from my mistakes" Interviewer: "Oh, why's that?" Interviewee: "I never make any"
How does an Australian clean is bum	 Bidet, mate.
How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry	 "It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!"
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	 None, it is a hardware problem.
How do you make Helen Keller cry	 Turn the stool upside-down
How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach	 It's not hard
How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter	 A Brazilian
How do you disappoint a Redditor	 [Fixed] [Reposts]
How do you double the price of a Fiat	 Fill the tank
How do two lawyers greet each other	 With a firm handshake.
How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee	 "Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you."
How can you tell Russians are bad at driving stick	 cause their cars are always Stalin
How many McDonald's counter girls does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to change it and one to put some chips with it.
How many cats does it take for a woman to qualify as a "crazy cat lady	" None. Just a couple of youtube cat videos.
How do you know when a mongol is level	 He's drooling from both corners of his mouth.
How are babies different from feminists	 Babies grow up and stop crying.
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How much does a corpse weigh	 A skele-ton
How does the moon cut his hair	 Eclipse it.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	 Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame rabbit? Tame way, unique up on it.
How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are	 They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly	 The meth head still has teeth.
How does Darth Vader like his toast	 On the dark side.
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas	 He felt his presents...
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb 	? A Brazilian
How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb	 One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 It takes 1 to screw it in, and 99 to tweet about it.
How do mathematicians count x-men	 Permutations.
How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb	 One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How did the sad clown smile and laugh again	 They told him his wife died recently.
How do you know if an Italian person is mute	 When you see he has no hands.
How do you make a horomone	 You refuse to pay her Courtesy of my grandmother
How do like really laid-back types answer the phone	 Mellow.
How do you start a teddy bear race 	  Ready teddy go !
How do you make a plumber cry	 Kill his family.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	 (None, they just beat the room for being black)
How does Peter Pan fly	 If you got hit in the Peter with a pan, you'd fly too.
How do you drown a polar bear	 Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
How does Satan measure his mass	 In pentagrams.
How much wood would Steve Winwood win if Steve Winwood could win wood	
How can you tell when you are talking to an extroverted engineer	 They look at your feet instead of theirs.
How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar	 If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.
How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they've invented torches.
How does a police officer go to the bathroom	 Ctrl+C
How do rhinos like their eggs	 Poached.
How do Filipinos count money	  One-a two-a three-a four-a another-a ...
How do you troll someone	 Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.
How do sheep greet each other at Christmas  	 A merry Christmas to ewe
How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children	 You put a guitar in his hands.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get their ears pierced	 A Buccaneer.
How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia	 It's in bread
How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Giraffe.
How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich	 Two.
How do you call a beautiful feminist	 An oxymoron
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus	 At the circus the clowns don't talk.
How do you make a space party	 You planet.
How many paranoids does it take to change a lightbulb	 Who wants to know?
How do you know that toothpaste was invented in Arkansas	 Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called teethpaste.
How to break up with someone: You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: Which one	 You: ME. You: BYEEEE
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	 You'd think it was some really obscure number, but it's just one, ironically.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate	 Sine language!
How to avoid clickbait	 clearly, you wouldn't know...
How lost members does it take to change a lightbulb	
How do you break up with a farmer long-distance	 A John Deere letter.
How do you know someone is a Bernie Sanders supporter	 Don't worry, he'll fucking tell you.
How do you think bus driver interviews go	 Applicant: Sorry I'm late! Interviewer: You're hired!
How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision	 Nothing. He just keeps the tips.
How many dead baby's does it take to paint a wall	 _
How do you know you're golfing with a politician	 When they get a hole-in-one they write down *zero* on the scorecard.
How do you know if you're a necrophiliac	 You get mourning wood.
How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.
How do you know you've been making too many jokes	 When the wordplay becomes wordwork.
How do you get into a Native American restaurant	 [OC] You make a reservation
How long after the first date should I wait before asking to get my bra & panties back	
How did the shrimp eat all the fish food	 shellfishly
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count	 If she has to chew before she swallows.
How many blind people does it take to change a light bulb	 None if nobody's looking.
How many women does it take to play tennis	 You can't play tennis in the kitchen
How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source	 They chia'd.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas	 Q: How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? A: He could feel his presence!
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house	 A right a right a right
How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer	 There's whiteout on the screen.
How do heavy metal bands surf the web	 On the Din-ternet.
How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn	 A buck an ear
How does the moon get a haircut	 Eclipse it
How do I tell a man he loves me	
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	 One. They're efficient, and don't have much of a sense of humour.
How do you test a pirate for crabs	 Swab the deck!
How does a chef get to work	 He woks.
How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire	 Dago wop wop wop
How can I ever be happy... If I was born crying	
How does a penman make his living	 He charges a calligra-fee of course!
How many Will Ferrell's does it take to change a light bulb	 One, AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!
How does Moses make his tea	 He brews it! ;)
How do you insult a hamburger patty	 Call it a meatball!
How come oysters never donate to charity	 They are all shellfish.
How can I smile when 28% of Americans aren't getting enough fiber	
How are ISIS like Little Miss Muffet	 Because they've got Kurds in their way.
How do you save a drowning mouse 	 Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
How is circumcision like the Great Jedi Purge	 They both get rid of the force kin!
How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid	 Mini-mom wage.
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear	 How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "F*ck"? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "BINGO"
How do you get to the front page of reddit 	 Lack of originality
How does procrastination start	 I'll tell you tomorrow.
How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal	 handsfree
How does the executioner like his coffee	 Decap
How many times can look at the sun with a telescope	 You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!
How Do You Get an Elephant Out of the Fairway	 You take the F out of Fair and the F out of Way
How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet
How can you tell if a black guy is well hung	 You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.
How do you reheat a cold war	 You nuke it.
How did a sexy but unqualified Japanese woman get voted into public office	 Erections
How can you tell if a groom is Polish	 He would be the one with the clean bowling shirt.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	 To get to the other side
How do you turn regular water into holy water	 You boil the hell out of it.
How do you keep brown bears off your property	 Build a wall
How do you fit an elephant in a teacup	 You take the f out of way. ~~say it out loud if you don't get it~~
How do you know the economy is only getting worse	 On the latest episode of "Celebrity Apprentice", Donald Trump fired himself!
How's Bud Light like having sex in a canoe	 They're both fucking pretty close to water.
How many Ferguson protesters does it take to change a light bulb	 None; they can't change anything.
How did Helen Keller break her arms	 She tried to read a road sign going 45mph
How many men does it take to fix a women's watch	 Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!
How much space does fungi need to grow	 As mushroom as possible :)
How do you turn an old dishwasher into a snowblower	 You give her a shovel and tell her to get to work.
How do you make Donald Trump laugh	 tickle his armpits
How do you get a bunch of Canadians out of a swimming pool	 Say "Get out of the pool."
How did the dungeon keeper plan for retirement	 Collecting stocks and bonds.
How does Moses make his coffee	 He-brews it
How do cows go from one town to another	 they cowmmute.
How to you tell a naval officer from and RAF officer on an aircraft carrier	 The naval officer is trying to feed bread to the helicopters!
How many anti-Trump protesters does it take to change a lightbulb	 TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING.
How much for these old batteries	 For you? No charge.
How do you annoy your girlfriend during sex	  Phone her.
How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl	 They said, "baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes"
How do you circumcise a redneck	 Kick his sister's chin
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	 Walked...... J.k. Rolling!
How does a physicist milk a cow	 First, he assumes the cow is a sphere.
How come I need a complex, indecipherable password to get on Twitter but only a 4-digit number to remove all my money from an ATM	
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife	
How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert	 During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes.
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool	 "Please get out of the swimming pool"
How many male chauvinist does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, the wife can cook fine in the dark
How do you call a prison inmate	 With a cell phone.
How do you know you're in a modern art museum	 If you need to ask if the bench is an art piece.
How long are you supposed to wait to return a boy's call	 This IRS guy sounded pretty into me
How did Jared lose 30 pounds	 He dumped his girlfriend.
How does any girl have less than 90 thousand Instagram followers	
How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish	 Give him test tickles.
How do you know when you're eating rabbit stew	 When it has hares in it.
How many men does it take to open a can of beer	 None. She should have opened it as she brought it to you.
How are babies like hinges	 They are things to adore
How does a woman go about inventing something	 She gives birth to a boy.
How can you tell if someone has a Jamaican accent	 They roll their J's.
How do ants hide from aardvarks	 They disguise themselves as uncles!
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb	 One to change it, thirty to write a book about it. :3
How do telegraph operators apologize	 Remorse code
How do animals cross the ocean	 On a Gir-raft.
How did the butcher introduce his wife	 Meet Patty
How does a train eat	 It goes chew-chew.
How many cats does it take to make a fur coat	 None! Cats can't sew!
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him	 He was cross.
How many American cops does it take to change a broken lightbulb	 Two. One to arrest the room for being black, and the other to arrest the bulb for being broke.
How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey	 He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out.
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce	 Austerity.
How can Rihanna tell when Chris Brown's cheating on her	 The brand of makeup on his knuckle isn't hers.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, because they can't climb the social ladder.
How do generals show their gratitude to their troops	 They give tanks.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle	 Nail it's other hand to the floor.
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	 More than 4, because my basement is still dark.
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke	 Two. One to post it and another to create a better punchline in the comments.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	 This change'll be fantastic. It'll be great. You won't believe how great this change will be.
How does one turn a fox into a pig	.. ...Marry her.
How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast	 They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving
How do you seduce a fat woman	 PIece of cake.
How to Skrillex sign his Valentine's Day cards	 I wub wub wub you....
How do you catch a bear	 First, dig a large bear-sized hole. Then, burn up some paper and fill the hole with ash. Lastly, kick the bear in the ash-hole.
How do you make a Venetian blind	 Stick a finger in his eye.
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise	 He says "Cerebro"
How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people	 A big wave
How can working with cow hide act in your favor on a first date	 As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck.
How did the Linux admin commit assault	 He sudo bashed someone.
How do you assemble a computer	 Bit by bit.
How do you make a tissue dance 	 Put a little boogie in it !
How do you know when it's time to get a new dishwasher	 When the old one expects you to "do your share"
How did the captain of the u-boat announce to his crew that there were no more passports to go around	 This sub has officially run out of IDs.
How do you know when there is a bassist at your door	 He can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	 He ate the pie before it was cool.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	 I'll tell you later
How did Jesus get so ripped	 By doing Crossfit
How do we create jobs	 I thought he was already dead
How do you spell hypocrisy	 R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	 [NSFW? ] It depends on how hard you throw them.
How do you turn soup into gold	 You add 24 carats!
How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously	 By feeding the poor to the hungry.
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb	 One...but it takes him 27 tries
How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food	 By giving her a Brazilian wax first!
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance	 Just one pence.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	 Tie a piece of bread to the roof..
How do rabbits fly	 In hareplanes.
How can you call someone and sound fabulous	 Use a homophone.
How many communists died during ww2	 not enough
How can you tell an old person from a young person	 An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time.
How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg	 He has to Breddit
How do you plug a plow into a car stereo	 Through the ox input.
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two. But I don't know how they got in there.
How do you play Iraqi bingo	  F18...B52...F18
How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida	 When the color of the license plates start to change.
How would it be living in an only men city	 I think it would be tight at first, but then it would loosen up after a while.
How to legalize animal poaching 	 Drop a kid in their zoo enclosure.
How does ISIL prefer their eggs	 Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled.
How do you throw a party in space	 You planet.
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool	 Say, " Everyone out of the pool please."
How come Django's wife never hears Django coming	 The D is silent.
How do you know when your BBQ is ready in Canada in April	 The snow on top of it has melted.
How did the bird get his bluetooth to work	 He had to parrot.
How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb	 "Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains"
How do you start an insect race 	 One two flea - go
How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it	 With the chicken still around it
How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed	 By the "M" on his pajamas.
How do you know you're speaking with an engineer	 Don't worry they'll tell you.
How do blonde braincells die	 Alone. 
How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like	 Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it.
How do neurons communicate	 Cell phones
How do you make a hamburger smile	 Pickle it gently!
How do you stop your children from smoking	 Slow down and use some lubricant.
How do you greet a slice of bread in Germany	 Gluten tag! Ba-dum tss.
How did the executioner learn about knots	 By watching the noose.
How many brewers does it take to change a light bulb	 Third as many as for a regular bulb.
How do the Rolling Stones like their burgers	 Plain - Rolling Stones gather no moss-tard!
How do pigs talk	 Swine language
How does one sink, that which floats	 How does one sync, that which floats? Well, we type case the variable to make sure that both sides of the equation are of type, floats.
How many lead guitarists does it take to change lightbulb	 One. He just stands there with the lightbulb and the whole world revolves around him.
How does the butcher introduce his wife	 Meat Patty.
How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb	 Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw
How many people in denial does it take to change a lightbulb 	 There is nothing wrong with the lightbulb.
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle	 Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
How does an elephant get out of a small car 	 The same way that he got in !
How do you wake up Lady Gaga..	 POKER FACE ... BAHAHAHA!!!
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun	 Planet
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	 Kick his sister in the jaw!
How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make	 Just the tips.
How do narcissists remember everything	 ...They have a photogenic memory.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens	 Juan by Juan
How can a man take an abortion pill	 He just picks one up and leaves.
How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services	 An arm and a leg.
How do you catch King Kong	 Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
How do you make a German shepherd	 Put him in a synagogue.
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority	 Because he likes Dick's.
How did Jared lose 150lbs	 He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed.
How many Spanish people does it take to change a light bulb	 Just Juan.
How do most elderly golfers die	 They have a bad stroke
How do you keep a vegan from eating all your dairy	 Invite two of them.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	 3: a left ear, a right ear and a final frontier. (Courtesy of my dad)
How the does man give his dead batteries away	 Free of charge, of course.
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep	  She reads them pig tales.
How did the hipster burn his mouth	 He ate his dinner before it was cool.
How much do pirates pay to get an earring	 A Buccaneer.
How is the American public now like Socrates	 By November, they will have both picked their poison.
How is eating a girl out like being a member of the mafia	 One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit!
How to make an idiot curious	 I'll post the answer tomorrow.
How do you communicate with a fish	 Drop him a line.
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke	 A dad joke has to reach father for a pun.
How do genetically engineered car salesmen from Boston greet their customers	 Hey, gattaca? GATTACA?
How many Communists does is take to screw in a light bulb	 All of them.
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny	 By the egg on its face.
How does a Russian catch fish	 A niet!
How do you guarantee that your wishes always come true	 Wish for something that is already true.
How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb	 OVER 9000
How do you throw a space party	 You planet!
How do you spell relief	 F-A-R-T
How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty	 She kept wetting the bed.
How do you find a vegan at your dinner party	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag	 hint: take the "S" out of "safe" and the "F" out of "way"
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish	 Mark Sanchez.
How does the pig farmer get to the fair	 He rides piggyback.
How do circumcision doctors get paid	 In tips.
How do you make a hippopotamus float	 2 hippos and a LOT of root beer.
How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Trick question, anarchists can't change anything.
How Did I Make It To The Middle East	 Iran there.
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her	 She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.
How do you know when it's okay to swim in a pool of milk	 When it's past your eyes.
How many bees are there in the world	 A buzzillion.
How many ADD's does it take to change a light bulb	 Let's go fishing
How do mermaids give birth	 Via Sea-Section
How did the shellfish win the underwater beauty pageant	 Using saxitoxin.
How do you keep someone in suspense	
How has society let things go so far down hill that it still takes two minutes to make popcorn	 China probably can pop corn in one minute.
How does a witch tell time	 With a witchwatch.
How do you know if someone is half texan and half Canadian	 It rhymes when they say. "Keep at eye out for a coyote."
How long is a Chinaman	
How do you know whether or not a redditor is Australian	 They'll tell you.
How about a meat that is also a dental floss	  Pitch for prosciutto
How can you tell a rabbit from a skunk	 A skunk uses a cheaper deodorant!
How many babies does it take to paint a house	 Depends on how hard you can throw them
How do you know a homeless woman is menstruating	 If she's only wearing one sock. (This joke brought to you courtesy the homeless guy outside my local 7-11.) Edit: tweaked the punchline.
How do you pick up a feminist	 Like a bowling ball.
How is Kim Kardashian's ass like a password-protected compressed file	 They both have their own zip code
How exactly is carrying a screaming two year old different from playing the bagpipes	
How many Deadheads does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just watch it burn out and follow it around for 30 years.
How do gingers make friends	 No seriously, im getting lonely.
How long did it take Goku to change a lightbulb	 20 Episodes and Krillin dies.
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!!!
How do you get three popes into a Volkswagen	 You take off their hats
How do you tell if the stage is level	 The drummer is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
How does a lawyer from Panama play his guitar	 He shreds.
How can you tell if a clock is hungry	 It goes back for seconds
How many Norwegians does it take to change a light bulb	 They don't bother, you can find lutfisk in the dark.
How do hipsters buy their drugs	 by the instagram.
How do you grow a cow	 Plant its nuts.
How do you save a pirate's life	 C P Arrr!
How many kids with ADSD does it take to change a lightbulb	 "Lets go ride our bikes!"
How is the layer of fat around a woman's vagina called	 Woman.
How do you know you've satisfied a redhead	 She unlocks the handcuffs. Edit: for everyone that isn't getting it, it means kinky sex
How many "Mean Girls" jokes is too many	 The limit does not exist
How many ninjas are in this room	 As many as want to be!
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her	 By leaving a plunger in the toilet
How long does it take to get from Dorne to Meereen	 It Varys.
How do you make sure you have the best space party for your kid	 You planet early.
How many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb	 Are you kidding? That's a hardware problem!
How many immature people does it take to screw in a light bulb	 69.
How does a feminist know she's overweight	 She doesn't
How did the rednecks find their sister	 Pretty good.
How many times should you try starting your snowblower before you realize it's not going to start	 According to my neighbor it's 458 times.
How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse	 Hodor.
How do make a woman blind	 Stick a car windshield in front of her face.
How much did the pirate charge for corn	 He sold them for a buccaneer.
How do cops get rid of flies	 They call in a S.W.A.T. team
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	 Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything!
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag	 Take the S out of safe and the F out of way..
How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks	 On the rocks
How do you get rid of somebody	 Give them a ticket for a flight on Malaysian Airlines and hope that they will live up to their reputation!
How many minutes after someone's fired is it cool to take their stapler	
How Did Harry Potter Get Down The Hill	 Walking. Jk Rowling.
How many x does it take to change a lightbulb	 f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.
How do I like my eggs	 Unfertilized, thanks.
How Do You Break Up With Your Girlfriend	 www.AshleyMadison.com
How do you take a screenshot of a picture of a circumcision	 Using the snipping tool
How did the raisin have fun at the movies	 It took a date....
How did you get out of Iraq	 Iran
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb	 LET'S GO RIDE OUR BIKES!!
How much do used batteries cost	 Nothing, they are free of charge.
How many cops does it take to beat up a light bulb	 None. That light bulb fell down the stairs.
How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale	 4 skin divers
How do you know the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	 Snow Balls
How long is a 0 or 1	 Just a little bit.
How do hipsters measure weight	 In Instagrams.
How do you know someone went to Harvard	 They tell you.
How does a racist joke start	 With a small loan of a million dollars
How do you know Tiger Woods is one of the richest people in the world	 He plays golf.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	 Accounting for the toxins in the skin of an unwashed potato... about 457
how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming	 Al Gore Rhythm
How do nuns surf the web	 On the Hymnternet.
How come the T Rex was an excellent stenographer	 short hands..
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment	 Tenants.
How do you know the passengers of the missing plane are alive	 A new season of lost is out now!
How do you get Pikachu on the bus	 Pokemon
How does Moses make tea	 Hebrews it.
How do you tell... How do you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	 She starts fitting into your wife's clothes!
How does the queen bee get around the hive	 She's throne.
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	 When she can fit into your wife's clothes.
How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend	 "I just need some space."
How does the Ultimate Warrior repair his car	 With parts unknown.
How do you piss off Winnie the Pooh	 Put two fingers in his honey.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	 None. The light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
How does a plant walk	 It uses a plant stand.
How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach	 It's not hard.
How many Bros does it take to change a lightbulb	 None cuz it's already lit af
How do pirates measure rope	 In yarr'ds.
how is Duct Tape like The Force	 It has a Dark side, a Light side and it binds the galaxy together.
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard-of-hearing	 HEY!!! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!?!
How did the Girl Scout Samoa cookies get their name	 Because after you eat one, you want samoa!
How much does a German weigh	 Teutons.
How do you pick out the extroverted engineer	 He's the one staring at YOUR feet when he talks
How did Jared Fogle lose so much weight	 because he chose from the kids menu
How does a mathematician get Tan	 Sin/Cos
How can you tell the Ethiopian diplomat at a political function	 He's the one with the gold Rolex around his neck.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	 Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
How many architects does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one but he has to coordinate ten other professionals who are doing this quiet complicated task.
How do you make a Kleenex dance	 Put a little "boogie" in it.
How'd the hillbilly Stump the Trump	 He Berned it.
How do you call a judge that only gives innocent veredicts because he gave up on law school and knows nothing	 a quitter.
How many ears does Mr. Spock have	 Three; a left ear, a right ear and the final front ear.
How did the lame person feel when he was teased by people	 He couldn't stand it.
How does an idiot call for his dog	  He puts two fingers in his mouth and then shouts Rover.
How are a piano and a squirrel alike	 They both aren't artichokes
How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American	 Last Supper
How do you make a dead baby float 	 Two scoops of ice-cream and one scoop of dead baby.
How do you join a Vampire Fan Club	 Send your name address and blood group.
How do you starve a black guy	 Hide his food stamps under his work boots.
How many mottophobics does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. Who do you think broke the filament in the first place?
How many men from the US swim team does it take to open a door	 Just one if its lochte'd
How many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb	 Seven. One to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.
How do you win an election	 By having people believe that you've won an election.
How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment	 By dropping out now.
How did the Somali terrorist describe his flight	 "It was dynamite!"
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed	 tape velcro to the ceiling.
How was the red sea made	 Over a very long period
How many ways are there to please a guy	 Three way.
How many drinks do I buy a girl if I want her to come home with me and clean up my room	
How old do kids have to be when you can start saying "Fuck you." to their faces instead of behind their backs	
How did Donald Trump lose $916 million	 Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.
How did the hail stone describe it's life	  -It really has a lot of ups and downs
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb	 Depends on how clumsy you are. *There, I've killed it. Move on /r/jokes, move on.*
How do you get a guitar player to turn down his amp	 Give him sheet music.
How to you make an octopus laugh	 ...you give it ten tickles
How do chickens connect online	 faceBAWK!
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult	 Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
How does a road reply when you ask it how work is going	 It's tiring.
How do you tell an introvert and an extrovert mathematician apart	 When talking to you, the extrovert mathematician looks at *your* shoes.
How many Feminists does it take to change a Light Bulb	 Two - One to change the Bulb and one to Blow Me
How do ghosts get ghouls interested in them	 They woooooooOOOOOOOooooo them.
How is a women and peanut butter the same	 It takes a lot of coaxing to get them to spread when they're cold
How long do you need to know someone before sharing fries	 Because I'm about to introduce myself to the girl at the end of the bar.
How do you make a door hold water	 You open it slightly so it's ajar.
How much room is needed for fungi to grow	 As mushroom as possible.
How many Shia laBeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb	 NonononononononononoNONONONONONO! NONONONONONONO! NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! (he can't.)
How many weeks are there in a light year	
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	 You look for the fresh prints.
How did Wendy die	 The baconator
How much does a moil get paid for circumcision	 Ninety-nine dollars plus tips.
How did the aliens hurt the farmer	 They trod on his corn.
How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game	 Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots
How do you hire an elephant 	 Stand it on four bricks !
How are women and linoleum floors alike	 You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
How many questions did the politician answer	 9/11
How many South Americans are boycotting the World Cup final	 Brazilians
How many Biology undergrads does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but doing it will make them think they're going to be an electrician in the future.
How do teenage boys keep warm	 Jackit
How did the hipster got his tongue burnt	 He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How are Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd similar	 Both's greatest hit was The Wall
How do astronomers plan a party	 they planet.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	 only one but it takes him 5 episodes.
How do you starve a worthless mooch	 By hiding his employment check in his work boots.
How do you know if you are a necrophiliac	 You get mourning wood
How do you know you put the right joke in the right thread	 Don't worry, someone will tell you.
How many white girls does it take to change a lightbulb	 Well, it has to be an odd number, because they literally cannot even.
How do you make a cat woof	 soak it in gasoline and light it on fire... WOOF!
How do witches lose weight	 They join weight witches.
How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house	 When the big hand touches the little hand
How do you stop a baby from crawling around in circles	 Nail its other hand to the floor.
How do you get a red wine stain off a baby	
How do you make a Bloody Nicole	 Like a Bloody Mary, but with a stab of OJ...
How are men like carpet tiles	 If you lay them properly the first time around you can walk all over them for the rest of your life.
How many suh dudes does it take to fix a light bulb	 It's already lit fam
How's your homophone needlepoint project coming along	 Sew sew
How do you call a black guy that uses testosterone boosters	 Testostyrone.
How do philosophers shave off their beards	 Occam's razor
How are neutrinos and i alike	 Were both constantly penetrating your mom
How do Protestants like their orange juice	 without Pope
How do you get a girl from the Midwest to "s" your "d"	 Dip it in ranch.
How do you tell two witches apart	 You can't! You don't know which witch is which!
How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween	 They Pump Kin.
How can you avoid falling hair	 Get out of the way.
How do you keep a blonde busy	 I actually took this joke from [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3nr339/how_do_you_keep_a_blonde_busy/)
how does a bakery know when to make more bread	 on a knead the dough basis
How does a rice burner start a street race	 With a pilaf.
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
How many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have	 Nion
How do you like your eggs	 Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
How does a one liner hurt its readers	 With its punchline
How much does a Polar Bear weigh	 Enough to lower your standards, I'm moonsout_goonsout
How to lose a gf: Gf: which of my friends would be the most fun to have a 3some with	 Me: *names two of them*
How many dead-heads does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just let it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How many ADD kids does it take to change a lightbulb	 Wanna ride bikes?
How do weathermen get up a mountain	 They climate.
How does a mathematician solve constipation	 Pro biotics and a healthy amount of fiber.
How do you raise a baby elephant 	 With a fork lift truck !
How do you make a hormone	 Don't pay the b!tch.
How do people approach their crush I don't even have the guts to ask for an extra ketchup in McDonald's	
How do people in the movies dig 6-foot deep graves with a shovel	 I got tired digging a hole to plant a bush
How do you shut Donald Trump up	 Muzzle-im
How come ants don't go to the church	 They are in sects.
How do zombies communicate in times of war	 Cryptic code.
How can environmental scientists stay on top of the global warming issue	 They climate.
How do you turn a cobra into a rattlesnake	 Give it to Michael J Fox
How does a man take a bubble bath	 He eats beans for dinner.
How are airplanes and women alike	 They both have cockpits.
How do you make a Hindu self destruct	 Press the red button
How do you guys feel about that new drug-resistant superbug	 It makes me sick.
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light-bulb	 (It's not &gt;9000) FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGGGGON BAAAAL ZEEEEEEEEE
How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem	 She worked it out with a pencil.
How many feet are in a yard	 Depends on how many people are standing in it.
How do you poison a hipster	 Gluten
How does Porkins get into his star fighter	 He has to wedge himself in.
How did the detective solve his cold-case	 He put it in a conviction-oven.
How do you make a baby politician cry	 How do you make a baby politician cry. Take away his slush-y fund.
How many mangoes make a dozen	 Six girls ;)
How do you catch a unique bird 	 Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird ? Tame way unique up on it.
How did the lion lose at poker	 He was playing with a cheetah.
How did Spartacus feel about going down on his wife	 He was gladiator
How does an elephant get down from a tree 	 He sits on a leaf and waits till autumn !
How do you help a lemon	 Lemon-aid.
How did Darth Vader know what Leah got Luke for Christmas	 He felt his presents.
How do you tell the difference between a Syrian hospital and an ISIS military base	 I don't know either, Johnny, just fly the drone.
How do you spell Canada	 C, eh, N, eh, D, eh
How do Spaniards take their coffee	 Au lait.
How many drunks does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one. He holds the bulb and the room spins.
HOW DO WELSH PEOPLE EAT CHEESE	 CAERPHILLY
How many judges does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one; he holds it still and the whole world revolves around him. Just one but two lawyers have to explain him how to do it.
How do you say "whoops" in German	 World War 2
How much did the Cubs pay the devil to win the World Series	 2016.
How did Jim Henson die	 He Kermitted suicide
How do you determine the personality of a hot dog	 Give it an Oscar-Myers-Briggs test
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb	 Answer: r/AskReddit
How does Bob Marley like his donuts	 With Jammin'.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb	 Wanna go ride bikes?  My all time favorite joke. Sorry if it has already been posted but who has the time to browse all of r/jokes.
How do Reavers clean their spears	 They run them through the Wash. (In honor of the late Shepard Book. RIP)
How do you separate the men from the boys in Greece	 With a crowbar.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	 ..To get to the other side!
How can you tell if a shark has dandruff	 He left his head and shoulders on the beach.
How do you know you're allergic to cats if you don't even eat them	
How many "sup dude"s does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None, it's already lit fam.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	 Ask them to pronounce "unionized".
How do you make a hotdog with a tree	 You fold it
How did Obama react when he heard Donald Trump won for president	 [*removed due to copyright infringement*]
How to 4-dimensional aliens get around	 In Tralfamadoloreans.
How did Paul, the octopus, originally die	 Torres went and asked Paul proudly, "How many goals will I end up with after thia this World Cup?" Paul died laughing.
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist	 Ask him/her to pronounce unionized Edit: Gets 3000+ upvotes, Karma remains at 20...
How do you make a German cry	 Show them their gas bill
How did the cavemen in the far east protect them selves	 They Rocked their doors.
How do you tell the difference between an adult film star and a psychiatrist	 Ask them to pronounce the word analyzed.
How did the dog make gold soup	 He put in 24 carrots.
How do you get a kleenex to dance	 You put a little boogie in it
How does a cow add and subtract	 With a cowculator.
How do you keep a retard in anticipation	
How does a water bear sleep	 It Hydronates
How do you define necrophilia	 The urge to crack open a cold one
How does Homer Simpson say watermelon in French	 Melon D'OH
How to tell someone they have a bad breath nicely 	 "Oh boy I am bored lets brush our teeth"
How is Chick-Fil-A like a black hole	 You can come in, but you can't come out. &lt;editorial non-joke remark - I'm straight, but these guys need to learn a lesson IMHO&gt;
How do you organize a space party	 You Planet
How many Nazis did it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one, despite crimes against humanity they were efficient people and had state of the art engineering.
How do you stop a thundering herd of Apes	 Hold up your arm and say 'Go back you didn't say 'May I?''
How do you tell if your scrotum is ticklish	 Give it a couple test tickles
How do you find the PC user in the coffee shop	 Follow the power cord.
How does a racist laugh	 He sniggers.
How did the scarecrow win the award	 Because he was outstanding in his field.
How does every racist joke start	 By looking over your shoulder
How can you tell if Chuck Norris ate rabbits the night before	 He has claw marks on his forehead.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Apparently more than 5, because my basement is still dark.
How many Deadheads (Grateful Dead fans) does it take to change a lightbulb	 No one knows, they wait for it to burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How do you prevent alcoholism	 Shots.
How do you get a Mormon to stop drinking all of your alcohol	 Invite two of them.
How does Lil Wayne get inspiration for his new music	 He listens to his old music.
How does the Moon get its haircut	 Eclipse it!
How does the stork bring babies	 It pokes holes in condoms.
How do you keep your hair from blowing everywhere when you drive in a convertible	 Cross your legs
How did the hipster burn himself	 He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How long does it take for a black woman to take the trash out	 9 months
How do you stop water from running	 Don't pay the water bill.
How many Jon Snows does it take to change a light bulb	 It wouldn't matter. Jon Snow knows nothing.
How does a nun lose her virginity	 Dresses up as an altar boy
How can you find the blind guy at a nudist colony	 It's not hard
How is digging fence post holes like being the mayor of Toronto	 It goes pretty smoothly until you start hitting the rock.
How do you go about hiring a horse	 Try two pairs of stilts!
How did Michael Jackson pick his nose	 From a catalogue. ba dum tss
How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts	 "With jam in!" What did he say to his friend who asked for one? "I hope you like jam in too!"
How do you make an idiot easily wait 	 I tell you tomorrow.
How many qataris does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just make the nepalese do it.
How did the bottle of whiskey laugh	 ...wryly.
How does an Alzheimer's patient celebrate New Years	 Kissing strangers.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	 Pokemon
How do you Circumcise a whale	 Send down four skin divers.
How do you know if someone has run a marathon	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do Russians in the taiga make fun of each other online	 -bullying
How many black people does it take to change a light bulb	 Seriously, I gotta figure out how many slaves I need to buy
How did Luke always know what Darth was getting him for Christmas	 He felt his presents...
How do you tell a dyslectic to take the left turn on the road	 Turn toward your side!
How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator	 Open the door. Put in the elephant. Close the door.
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb	 Trick question. No one knows, they never get the house.
How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence	 Dye a blonde's hair.
How do you win a small fortune in Las Vegas	 By spending a large fortune.
How does the vicar explore the Internet	 With the church mouse.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	 Not zri, but fuehrer.
How does a mathematician ask for money	 Give me 10! dollars
How are buttsex and asparagus the same	 If you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.
How do you get a clown to stop smiling	 Hit him in the face with an axe
How do you subdue a large snake	 You use a boa restrictor
How many points do I get if I hit a Pokemon player with my car	
How to avoid falling trap to clickbaiting	 Sorry, you can't!
How did Harry get it in Ron's sweet Diagon Alley	 A lubricantation.
How amazing is it that nobody in the same Kingdom as Cinderella , had the same sized feet as her 	 She should play the lottery too !
How was the Irish Jig invented	 To much beer and not enough bathrooms
How do you pay a bartender	 With bar tender.
How come the giant Ape climbed up the side of the skyscraper	 The elevator was broken!
How do birds learn to fly	 They just wing it.
How did Gertie Gorilla win the beauty  contest	 She was the beast of the show!
How many days are there in Canadian February	 About Twenty, eh.
How do you paint a wall with dead babies	 It depends how hard you throw them.
How many Patriots fans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None. They're fine sucking each other's dicks in the dark. Preemptive edit: Not my joke.
How did Jared Fogel lose 60 pounds	 He broke up with his girlfriend.
How do you end world hunger	 Put Turkey in Greece to cook it, then cut it up and put it into Chile. Then put it on China and give it to Hungary.
How do you drown a hipster	 Throw them in the mainstream
How often do I make a chemistry joke	 Periodically.
How many doors are on a chicken coop	 Two. If it had four, it would be a sedan.
How do snowmen get around	 By icicle.
How do you think the unthinkable	 With an Ithberg
How do you describe Catwoman in one word	 Purrfect
How many men does it take to open a beer	 None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
How do you tell a racist joke without getting in trouble	 Write it down.
How do rocks feel about moss	 It's growing on them.
How many seconds are there in one year	 12 of them: January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd, May 2nd, June 2nd, July 2nd, August 2nd, September 2nd, October 2nd, November 2nd, December 2nd.
How does an elephant climb a tree	 He hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
How do you tell the difference between Male and Female ghosts	 One has boooooobs. The other gets full pay at their jobs.
How do you call a corn that is unique	 A unicorn.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb in a monastery	 Nun.
How much to learn the thriller dance moves	 "Ma'am... this is senior citizens Zumba class!"
How do you make holy water	 You boil the hell out of it.
How did the hipster die	 He drowned in the mainstream because he stood on it before it was cool.
How do you spot a vegan at the gym	 Pretty much the same as anyone else.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	 Ask them to pronounce "unionized"
How do you say goodbye in Arabic	 "BOOM!"
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb	 One.
How do you ensure the Letter Y has a clean bathroom experience	 A Kleenex. That will be all.
How do you know when Santa's in the room	 You can sense his presents.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	 Poker face.
How do they fit so many islands into such a small bottle of dressing	?!!
How do you know when an accountant's on holidays	 He doesn't wear a tie to work and comes in after 8.30.
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb	 1000 One to change it and 999 to walk into the same room and change the same light bulb without checking to see if it needed changing first.
How many husbands have I had	 You mean apart from my own?
How do deer get revenge	 By giving each other a taste of their own venison
How do you get 300 babies in a bowl	 Blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips
How do you unload a truck load of puppies	 With a pitchfork
How do whores in Westeros get into the castle	 Hodor.
How do programmers like their snacks	 Byte-sized.
How many Trump campaign managers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Hopefully not very many because they keep getting fired.
How many Atheists does it take to change a lightbulb	 I don't know, they're all too busy complaining about this joke.
How do crows know what time is it	 They have the knights watch .
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone	 Put it into airplane mode.
How can you tell if a potato is baked	 It's [eyes](http://i.imgur.com/KwCyY.jpg) are all red and glossy.
How many tickles does an octopus like	 Ten-tickles
How is Santa like a paedophile	 They both leave children's bedrooms with empty sacks.
How do you start a racist joke	 With a small million dollar loan from his father.
How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump	 The rough is combed over the fairway
How do turtles communicate	 With shell phones.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	 A buccaneer
How are you getting on with the Internet	 Surf far so good.
How many atheist does it take to change a light bulb	 None. It will happen itself.
How did the sailor deal with the death of his friend	 He sent out a message in remorse code.
How do you separate the Greek boys from the Greek men at a Greek BBQ	 With a Crowbar!!!!!
How do you pickup chicks in Auschwitz 	 With a dustpan..
How is cunnilingus like riding a bike with an open face helmet	 It's a lot of fun as long as you don't end up with bugs in your teeth.
How does Hilary Clinton clean her glasses	 By wiping the mainframe.
How to you get rid of the dandelions on your lawn	 Paint one of them black; the others will move away.
How do you get Cream of Mushroom in Pokemon	 Put 2 Amoonguss' in the daycare.
How many Horsemen of the Apocalypse does it take to change a lightbulb	 Three. War never changes.
How do you top a car	 tep on the brake, tupid!
How are rookie marathon runners like people with erectile dysfunction	 There both just honestly happy to finish
How do they even grow a boneless chicken	
How did the pig get to the hospital	 In a hambulance.
How do you get your hair into shape	 You condition it
How did cell embarrass vegeta	 He put a hole in his trunks.
How did Frankenstein's monster eat his lunch	 He bolted it down.
How many bricks do you need to screw in a lightbulb	 Just two, but you're going to need a lot of patience and light bulbs.
How many dads does it take to change a light bulb	 Asking because it's been a week and mine still hasn't.
How do people lose their kids at the mall	 Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
How can a person travel from the north pole to the south pole without passing the equator	 By becoming a stripper.
How is Reddit like fencing	 Ripostes everywhere.
How many Mormons do you take fishing with you	 Two. If you only take one, he'll drink all your beer.
How many Latin Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	 A Brazilian.
How do you wake up a loafer	 With a shoe horn.
How do you cook toilet paper	 You brown it on one side, then throw it in the pot!
How did Humpty Dumpty get ripped	 Wall-sits.
How did I escape Iraq	 Iran
How did the octopus go to the war	 Well armed...
How do wasps send messages	 By bee-mail.
How did Harry potter get down the mountain	 Running...  JK rolling
How does Dwayne Johnson Party	 Like a ROCK Star.
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem	 Simple! He just worked it out with a pencil!
How do you identify a bald eagle	 All his feathers are combed over to one side.
How do you confuse a gay person	 Raccoon.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper	 All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
How do you circumsize a redneck	 kick his sister in the jaw
How many stream cleaners does it take to change a lightbulb	 Sorry, they can only change the floor essence.
How many Amish people does it take to change a lightbulb	 A what?
How much cash could the cash cab cache if the cash cab could cache cab	
How many bones are there in a graveyard	 A skeleTON.
How do you get someone to pay child support	 Blackmail.
How much does a pirate earing cost	 A buccaneer
How do Australian bees please the queen bee	 They bee hive
How do you make Ben Carson yell	 Watch a movie with him.
How far away is the US Army's website	 Just a few klicks away.
How did the Mathematician relieve his constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil!
How does an international banker have a good Friday night	 He goes to a bar and slips somebody a Rupee, then gives them a Franc and some Deutsche Marks.
How do you call a play on numbers	 A pin.
How many Freudian Analysts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 2. One to screw it in and the other to hold the penis---ladder!! I meant ladder...
How did the gay wizard dissappear	 He went with a poof!
How long does it take a satellite to reach Uranus	 Bend over and I'll show you.
How do Jedi warm up for sexy time	 Forceplay
How many police does it take to change a lightbulb	 They don't, they beat the room for being black.
How Does Moses Make His Tea	 Hebrews it
How do you confuse a feminist	 Tell her not to make you a sandwich.
How do aliens stay warm	 Space heater.
How do you get an emo out of a tree	 Untie the rope...
How can you tell if a woman is wearing pantyhose	 If her ankles swell when she farts.
How do you project confidence	 Multiply by the cosine of the angle.
How depressed are you on a scale from 1 to "regularly visits song lyrics websites"	
How do you know a Brigham Young student's been mowing the lawn	 The welcome mat is destroyed.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	 Pick him up and suck his dick.
How tall does the grass grow in Germany	 Nein feet tall.
How do you confuse a blonde	 Give her a coloring book, and tell her to color in all the pages with a white crayon.
How does every black joke start	 By looking over your shoulder.
How many X does it take to change a light bulb	 N! One to change the light bulb, and n-1 to display stereotypical behavioral traits of X!
How to ask for a raise Employee: Sir, I really need a salary increment, 4 companies are after me. Boss: Which 4	 Employee: Electricity, Gas, Cable, Credit Card.
How to Get a Girlfriend: Out at Sea Me: *rocks boat* Her: Hey! Me: *rocks faster* Her: Can we PLEASE go steady	 Me: I do.
How do you know if someone's an engineer without asking them	 Don't worry they'll tell you
How many tickles does it take an octopus to laugh	 Tentickles
How do man-eating monsters count to a thousand	 On their warts.
How are one night stands like savings accounts	 ...you make a deposit, withdrawal, then lose interest.
How do you stop a rhino from charging	 Take away his credit cards. I'll let myself out...
How many American golf fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 1001 1 to offer up the bulb and 1000 to scream 'Get in the hole'
How does Jesus pull mad bitches	 Because he's hung like this! ( extends both arms horizontally)
How man nihilists does it take to change a light bulb	 It doesn't matter.
How do you capture a polar bear	 Cut a big fishing hole in the ice. Wait for the polar bear to bend over the hole to fish. Then run up behind the polar bear and **kick it in the icehole!**
How many black people are needed to change a light bulb	 One less now, because the one who tried to steal the light bulb was shot by the cops.
How does a tractor break up with its boyfriend	 With a John Deere letter.
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows	
How do you catch a bra	 You set a booby trap.
How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive	 One terrorbyte.
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall	 Depends on how hard you throw them.
How would Saitama defeat all S class heroes	 Consecutive normal punches
How did Moses make his coffee	 Hebrewed it.
How to you tell the difference between an elephant and a mouse 	 Try picking them up !
How do you know when a mechanic has a girlfriend	 He has one clean finger.
How to you make a Hormone	 You kick her in the groin.
How do you get your partner to give you head	 Put them in a guillotine.
How much does it cost to buy multiple prosthetic limbs	 An arm and a leg.
How many lonely guys does it take to change a lightbulb	 One. But he wishes it took two.
How do you know Bernie Sanders got elected	 All your stuff has been donated to charity
How can you tell if a parrot is intelligent	 It speaks in Polly-syllables!
How do you know if a guy was in the Navy SEALs	 Don't worry, he'll tell you.
How many liberals does it take to defend America	 Nobody knows, they've never tried.
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass	 Very Satisfying
How many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have	 Limbitless
How many Romans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 V.
HOW MANY BABIES DOES IT TAKE TO PAINT A WALL	 Well, since 1 baby could paint 0 walls, it would take infinite babies to paint a wall.
How many country stars does it take to change a light bulb	 Six-1 to change the bulb and 5 to sing about how much they miss the old one.
How can you tell if a good ole boy from North Carolina is married	 There are tobacco spit stains on BOTH the doors of his truck.
How do you know if somebody graduated from Harvard	 They'll tell you.
How did Canada get its name	 C eh, N eh, D eh.
How many honest intelligent caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes	 Both of them.
How do you cut pizza	 With Little Ceasar's.
How Do Crazy People Go Through The Forest	 They Take The Psycho Path
How do you get alot of people to check out your post	 Tag it NSFW and repost it
How did michael hutchence take his drugs	 Inxs
How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish	 Clickbait.
How do you make a dead baby float	 Take your foot off of it.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many tries did it take to find out if Lance Armstrong was ticklish	 One testtickle
How do deaf people tell each other secrets 	 They wear mittens.
How can you tell when someone is vegan	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Yes.
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin	 The question is irrelevant, because as soon as the first angel steps onto the head, the tip will rub against the ground, making it pointless.
How do you start a stampede in Ethiopia	 Carve a turkey
How many men does it take to change a lightbulb	 Not all men.
How did Pinocchio realize he was made of wood	 His hand caught on fire.
How do you confuse a gay	 7
How do you pick up older Spanish women	 Hola Seniority
How many philosophers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 It depends on the definition of lightbulb.
How could batman possibly defeat superman	 Put him on a horse I'm now going to hell with the rest of you...
How do snowmen travel around 	 By iceicle !
How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a  monster 	 Terrier-fied !
How did the paramedics know Princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her head and shoulders in the glove box
how can you drop a raw egg onto concrete floor without cracking it	 Anyway you want, a concrete floor is very hard to Crack!
How should you treat a baby goat	 Like a kid.
How many feminist does it take to change a light bulb	 ....Trick Question. they cant change anything...
How do you recognize a rich ethiopian	 He only wears Rolex around his waist.
How long can an Owl live	 6 1/2 books...
How do you interrupt a Redditor's winning streak	 The Game
How are men like fuses	 Once they're blown, they're useless.
How did the mermaid get into a car crash	 ...because she was fish tailing!
How did the octopus lovers walk down the road	 Arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm.
How do you organize a party in outer space	 You planet. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; ...I'll show myself out.
How can you tell that Caitlyn Jenner was once a man	 Because she's better at being a woman than most women are.
How many cats	 One.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Two... just don't ask me how they got in there.
How did the T-Rex feel after his workout session	 He felt dinosore.
How does a blonde call for her dog	 She puts two fingers in her mouth and then shouts "Max!".
How do you change the number of sides on a Pentagon	 Intersect it with a plane.
How come people who think they know everything never seem to know when to shut up	
How do Japanese politicians say they got their positions	 With erections.
How do you get the drummer off your front porch	 Pay for the pizza.
How often do lesbian gypsies get their hands read	 Every 28 days or so.
How many South Dakotans does it take to go ice fishing	 Four. One to cut the hole in the ice and three to push the boat through.
How do you make a tissue dance	 You put a little boogie in it. :)
How do you deal with ignorant people	 I really don't know.
How did Gertie Gorilla make the 'Playboy'  Calendar	 She was 'Miss Ape-ril!'
How many ADD/ADHD kids does it take to change a light bulb	 Wanna go ride bikes?
How do you start making big bucks	 With a little doe
How does a man cut his hair on the moon	 Eclipse it
How do you make soup from a computer	 It's easy; just throw in a couple of Boolean cubes.
How did the Italian die	 Talking while driving.
How do you eat a DNA spaghetti	 With a replication fork (you can also use your zinc fingers...)
How do you call a cow without legs	 Ground beef
How do you make a nun pregnant	 (fixed) NSFW Dress her up as an altar boy and hope he misses.
How do dogs do business	 Pro-bono
How do you get a full grown elephant on to the subway	 You take the "S" out of "Sub", and then you take the "F" out of "Way".
How do you stop a Polish tank	 Shoot the guy that's pushing it
How did the writer pop the question	 He per-prosed
How do they know that Princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her Head &amp; Shoulders on the dashboard.
How did Popeye buy long sleeve shirts	
How do you keep black people out of your business	 Put up a "Now Hiring" sign.
How much wood can Chuck Norris if Chuck Norris could chuck wood	 Chuck Norris would just stare at the wood, and it would chuck itself out of fear.
How does Austin Powers decide which guys he will sleep with	 (NSFW) By giving them an oral test first. "If you can gag me, you can shag me!"
How did Roman magistrates keep fit	 Pontius Pilates.
How can you tell if someone got their dog from a shelter	 Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How did the obscene telephone caller get  attacked by the Gorilla	 He made a mistake and dialled a preyer!
How do you sell a deaf guy a frog	 DO YOU WANT TO BUY A FROG? rip.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	 Look for Fresh Prince!
How long does guacamole last in the fridge	 Please say a year.
How do you say doormat in Spanish	 Matador
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe	 Because it's fucking close to water.
How do you make an Chocolat omelette	 With Easter eggs.
How can you teach your child about adversity if you don't leave a diaper unchanged once in a while	
How do you sink a French battleship	 Put it in water.
How many non-binary gender-fluent people does it take to change an LED lightbulb	 DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY LIGHTBULB?
How do you know if a homeless person has a girlfriend	 His clean fingers.
How was copper wire invented	 Two Jews found the same penny.
How did Jeffrey Dahmer make alphabet soup	 With 26 characters he met at a party.
How do you know that the Invisible Man doesn't have any children	 Because he's not apparent.
How often do you use algebra	 Equationally.
How do you start an Ethiopian rave	 You tape bread to the ceiling.
How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just sit in the dark and cry.
How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb	 Idk, its too dark to tell them apart.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	 Ten- tickles FTW!
How do you buy hair	 You have toupee
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb	 One? Or two?
How does the moon cut its hair	 Eclipse it. Ha.
How many quarters does it take to play the Lord of the rings pinball game	 None, it only takes Tolkiens
How many PETA memebers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. PETA can't change anything.
How come the only people who can open childproof lids are children	 My nephew charges me two vicodin just to open the bottle.
How do cows get their gossip	 They herd it through the bovine.
How many cancer patients does it take to change a light bulb	 1 and 12 people to say how inspiring it was
How do two gays propose	 They both get on all fours and present the ring!
How did the monster cure his sore throat	  He spent all day gargoyling.
How is a woman like a condom	 Both of them spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
How do you tell who loves you more. Your wife or your dog	 Put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.
How is Donald Trump like a VW Bug	 They both spew toxic hot air disguised as being good for Americans.
How did the mathmatician become unconstipated	 He worked it out with a pencil
How did Mace Windu from Star Wars die	 Through the windu!
How did the grave robber perish when he became trapped in a pyramid	 He died of asphinxiation!
How do you know your sister has started her period	 Your Dad's dick tastes like blood
How do they cook a turkey in Russia	 They nuke it. OR In Soviet Russia, Turkey fires you!
How do you turn a fox into an elephant	 Marry it!
How do you sink a Polish battleship	 Put it in water
How do they keep track of books at the sausage library	 The Andouille Decimal System
How do you know that Hogwarts is feminist friendly	 The entrance is a dumbledore.
How do you turn lead into gold	 Start a war.
How do the French defend a city	 We don't know, they've never tried it.
How many lazy people does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Count for yourself...
How Wonderful Did you hear the story of the man that had the great honor of being crushed by a steam roller	 He was flattered
How do you get a gay guy to screw a women	 Shit in her pussy.
How do you mute an Italian	 Tie up their hands.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Fish
How can you tell male from female ants	 Throw them in a bucket of water; if it floats, it's buoyant.
How do you hide money from a Republican	 Put it in a science textbook.
How do you spell onomatopoeia	 Just spell it like the way it sounds!
How does a blonde set the time on her alarm clock	 She waits until midnight and plugs it back in. Disclaimer: I know it's terrible, I was very young when I came up with it.
How do you remember your wife's birthday	 forget it once.
How do they prevent crime in hamburger country	 With burger alarms!
How do you beat George Foreman in a fight	 Punch him in the grill
How can you tell when Dracula is sick	 By his coughin'
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb	 Don't be silly, feminist can't change anything.
How does the sun cut his hair	 Eclipse it.
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass	 Irresistible
How does the Pope pay for things online	 Papal
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	 Look for the fresh prints.
How many fishermen does it take to change a  light bulb	 One but you should have seen the bulb it must have been THIS big.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry	 You kill her family.
How do you stop an Armenian tank	 You shoot the guys pushing it.
How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome	 You pull down its genes!
How do you weigh a hipster	 In Instragramm
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None, because the cops are just gonna beat the walls for being black.
How do you reload a cardboard gun	 With paper clips.
How do you get a drummer off of your porch	 pay for the pizza.
How do you know when a singer is at the door	 First they don't know when to come in, and then they can't find the key.
How do you become really unpopular on Reddit	 Tell someone they reposted.
How do you fit 4 guys on a bar stool	 Turn it upside-down. But how do you get them off? Shake the stool. ^(OK, I'll leave now.)
How much for the sentient racist skeleton	 "Sir, that's Ann Coulter..."
How do most bakers get their start in the industry	 They knead dough
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	 Penis. I mean, 1.
How do you build a boat	 Well Im not sure, but I do Noah guy.
How did the english teacher know his student was pregnant	 She started missing periods
How many Firefly fans does it take to change a light bulb	 They wouldn't. They'd rather spend a decade bitching about how it went out.
How does Donald Trump tie his shoes	 In little knotsies.
How many magazines did the racquetball footwear company make before going out of business	 Tennis shoes (Also: can anyone think of a more succinct buildup? It seems kinda unwieldy to me)
How did the dog warn its master that a  Gorilla was approaching	 He barked g-r-r-r-illa!
How do you package a 21st century classical jazz singer	 Buble wrap Sorry 
How many policemen does it take to change a lightbulb	 Eleven. One chief of police to oversee it, and 10 cops to beat the lightbulb until it wants to change.
How is playing a bagpipe like throwing a javelin blindfolded	 You don't have to be very good to get people's attention.
How many "All Lives Matter" protesters does it take to change a light bulb	 None, because they keep on asking why all of the other light bulbs in the house aren't being changed at the same time.
How did the ghost song-and-dance act make a  living	 By appearing in television spooktaculars.
How does an ant put on a tie	 With a considerable deal of practice and skill and the correct combination of knots in the tie so it can properly be secured on the neck. It's an ant-tie joke.
How many vegetables should you pull out of the ground in one day	 None
How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun	 Through the process of cross-examination.
How does the pope refer to his secret superhero identity	 It's his altar ego.
How did "El Chapo" escape prison	 Joaquin.
How does a detective stay cool in hot summer	 He works on a cold case.
How do you know your house had chicken pox	 It has shingles.
How is Ducktape like the Force	 It has a Dark Side, a Light side and it binds everything the galaxy together. Edit:Duct Tape I know, I was tired
How do you trap an elephant	! You first dig a hole, second, you fill the hole with ashes, also throw some peas in there. When the elephant stops to take a pea, you kick it in the ash hole.
How was 9/11 an inside job	 If the planes came from the outside.
How many tickles does it take to effectively tickle an octopus	 Tentacles.
How do you turn German beer into American Beer	 Drink it
How was Rome split in half	 With a pair of *Caesars*
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb	[FIXED] [removed]
How do you know if someone was in the navy	 Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.
How did the pharmacist know his drink was spiked	 He fainted after the punch line.
How do you get a stoner to comprehend what you're saying	 Put it bluntly.
How can you tell if your wife has been screwing all your friends	 All their dicks taste just like her twat.
How do jockeys determine which racehorses are the favourites	 They take a gallop poll!
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday	 Tell her a joke on a Monday!
How do you fix a broken gorilla	 With a monkey wrench.
How do you know when your dog is a bad hot dog	 When it's pure bread.
How can you help a starving cannibal	  Give him a helping hand.
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic	 There, they're, their.
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas	 Deep pan, crisp and even.
How does a Greek find a sheep in tall grass	 Very satisfying!
How many protestors do you need to change a lightbulb	 Trick question. Protestors don't change anything.
How many particles are there in a vaccum	 It doesn't matter.
How many cis-gender white males does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One. And it would be his privilege to help out.
How can transportation be improved in Harlem	? By moving the trees closer together.
How is having a new dishwasher at a kitchen job like being in the Matrix	 There is no spoon.
How do you know Jesus loves Japanese food	 Because he said he loves miso.
How do you call musicians who produce hit after hit	 Hitlers
How long does it take to reach the ground from 100 stories up	 The rest of your life.
How many telemarkers does it take to change a light bulb	 3. One to change the bulb and two to talk about how beautiful the turns were.
How do you outsmart a chicken	 By thinking outside the bawks.
How do crazy people go through the forest	 They take the pyschopath
How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a can of tomato soup	 Read the label.
How many A.D.D kids does it take to change a lightbulb	 WANNA RIDE BIKES?
How do men define a "50/50" relationship	 We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
How many /r/Jokes users does it take to make a Joke	 WRONG! They don't make it, they steal it...
How does a butcher introduce his wife	 Meat Patty
How many Marxists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How long is a china-man	 Excuse the question mark, "How Long" is in fact a china man.
How can a vegetarian satisfy himself in a non vegetarian Indian restaurant	 Naan
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower	 ....give her a shovel
How can you tell if a hippie has been in your house	 ...he's still there
How do you get past trespassing laws	 (Original Joke) Only cross in groups of two
How does Tinkerbell pleasure herself	 She hides inside a flower and waits for a butterfly to extend its proboscis.
How do you kill a circus	 You go for the juggler.
How do you make a strawberry shake	 You put it in the freezer.
How do you make a cat go "woof"	 Douse it in gasoline and toss it in a fire.
How many assholes does it take to change a lightbulb	 It doesn't matter, mine itches so bad it's on fire, providing plenty of light for everyone in the room!
How do you know a wood pieces history	 You check its logbook
How does a man on a moon get his haircut	 Eclipse it.
How did the Welshman find the sheep in the tall grass	 Very satisfying.
How to annoy a Redditor	 [deleted]
How do you catch a steroidal fish	 With A-Rod.
How does a redhead shave his pubes	 Gingerly
How are a full count in baseball and a mutated 2 time convict the same	 They both have 3 balls and 2 strikes.
How come Abraham Lincoln never went to jail	 Because he was in a cent
How do you clear out an Iraqi bingo parlour	 Call out "B-52"
How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 More than three because the basement is still dark! *(Just heard this today, even though I know it's probably old!)*
How do you get down from an elephant	 You don't. You get down from a goose.
How do you sink a Swedish submarine	 Knock on the hatch.
How do birds record their songs 	 On duck tape !
How do you know that cats are sensitive creatures	 They never cry over spilt milk !
How do you cure a basic bitch	 Give her some acid.
How are American beer and making love in a canoe the same	 They're both fucking close to water.
How did the butcher cure cancer	 With salt.
How did Dairy Queen wind up pregnant	 Burger King didn't wrap his Whopper
How does an octopus go to war 	  Well-armed !
How many auditors does it take to change a  light bulb	 How many did it take last year?
How do you make anti-freeze	 Take away her blanket.
How many Brits does it take to change a lightbulb	 Manual work ? That's what underpaid Eastern immigrants are for pff
How does Sean Connery ask for Worchestershire sauce	 (x-post from askreddit) Worsheshershershosh.
How do you know you're talking to a pilot	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does one French arsonist flirt with another one	 "Voulez-vous bruler avec moi ce soir?"
How long does 8 sleep for	 Forever.
How do you know if someone is a vegetarian	 Don't worry, they will let you know as soon as they can
How do street urchins communicate with each other	 Gutterskype.
How do you get a Baby in a bowl	 How do you get it out? How do you get a baby in a bowl? With a mixer. How do you get it out? "With nachos.
How do you prove that your dog loves you more than your wife	 Lock them both in the trunk of the car for an hour, then open it up and see which one of them is happier to see you.
How do you make a cat go woof	 You pour some gasoline and toss a match and WOOF!
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia	 It would have been called a teeth brush anywhere else.
How many groping victims does it take to stop Trump from being president	 We're about to find out..
How does Planned Parenthood paint their walls	 They go to Home Depot, get paint and rollers Sometimes they hire private contractors Lots of paint and tarps and tape, it's not that fun
How do hurricanes see	  -With one eye
How do murderers turn off the lights	 Killowatt
How to fleas travel 	 Itch hiking !
How did skeletons send each other letters in the days of the Wild West	 By Bony Express.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke had for Christmas	 He felt his presents.
How deep is a swimming pool	 It deep-ends.
How do choo choo train go down many mountain	 It go "TOOT" then thomas Tank gives tug
How many liberals does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but they'll ask for $15 an hour.
How did Little Debby get pregnant	 She fell into a box of Ding Dongs
How do you find out if the cat is dead or alive in the Schrodinger's cat paradox	 By thinking outside the box
How can you tell that you're getting old	  You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
How do you make a duck into a soul singer	 Put it in the oven at ~~three fifty~~ tree fiddy until it's Bill Withers. Edit:summoning happened.
How many feminists does it take...... ...to change a light bulb	 0, woman are so unrepresented in technology that this is not possible.
How many Christian women does it take to change a lightbulb	 nun
How are teenaged boys like the enzyme helicase	 They both want to unzip your genes! credit goes to Hank from CrashCourse on Youtube :)
How did Jack grow his portfolio	 He invested in beanstocks!
How do you disappoint a redditor	 Just say "Ifunny is better than reddit"
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	 Salmon
How to elephants talk to each other 	 By 'elephone !
How does Jesus like his meat	 Saviory
How do I change the ring on my phone to an onion ring	
How do you make a car top	 You gotta 'tep on the brake 'tupid!
How can you be so sad when you are so beautiful	
How did the scarecrow win a noble prize	 He was *out standing* in his field.
How do you make a redditor... Click on a post	
How many cops does it take to push a Black person down the stairs	 None. He *fell*....
How do scaredy-cats answer the phone	  Yellow?
How do you annoy Lady Gaga	 Poker face.
How do blind people sign contracts	 On the dotted line.
How can Donald Trump deport millions of illegal immigrants	 By completely ignoring, these are only campaign promises.
How to make a plumber to cry How do you make a plumber cry	 You kill his family. :)
How can you tell a mechanic has gotten lucky	 He's got one clean finger!
How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb	 Please help. There are ten so far and they have invited their gross friends to our home. They are using the broken lightbulb to smoke crack off of.
How do dogs save for retirement	 With a Ruff IRA.
How many cost accountants does it take to change a light bulb	 Hmmm........I'll just do a few numbers and get back to you
How do you convince your neighbor to share their water with you	 Try to get a long well.
How do you get a New Yorker upset about ISIS terror attacks	 Tell them ISIS are Red Sox fans.
How do you know when it's NotTheOnion	 When they're still running pieces on Hillary Clinton.
How do you know when it is bedtime at a pedophile's house	 When the big hand touches the little hand.
How do you suffocate a redneck	 Tape his mouth shut.
How many computer scientists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, that's a hardware problem
How many feet do 2 black chickens have	
How did Jesus like his chicken	 Crucifried
How can you tell that a black person used your computer	 It's gone.
How do you pick up my ex girlfriend	 With a broom and a dustpan.
How are the Twin Towers and Gender Similar	 There used to be two, now it's offensive to talk about.
How many French people does it take to bake a baguette	 8. Because then they have wheat.
How did Han Solo enter the world	 On the perineum falcon!
How did the mathematician solve his constipation problem	 He worked it out with a pencil.
How did Darth Vadar know what Luke got him for Christmas	 He felt his presence
How do you make a ginger snap	 Call them "carrot top"
How does a flight of steps check out a woman	 It stares.
How does loose leaf watch TV	 Paper-view
How do u get a pool table to laugh	 tickle its balls.
How does Moses make coffee	 Hebrews it :)
How do you prove human beings are inherently curious	
How many sith lords does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They like it on the dark side.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None, it's a hardware problem
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	 No one knows. But everyone's got an opinion.
How many dead hookers do you need to change a light bulb	 Dunno. Seven's not the answer though, my basement is still dark
How do you react to the fragrance of a bottle of wine from the year 2000	 Smells like teen spirit.
How are women and tornadoes alike	 They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb	
How do you enter a brothel in Westeros	 Through the Hodor!
How do people in wheelchairs propose	
How do frogs die	 They kermit sucide
How does a woman differ from a computer	 You can actually punch information into a computer.
How is a girlfriend like a pronoun	 Your's is possessive
How was copper wire invented 	 One copper coin, two dwarves.
How many NBA finals does Lebron plan on losing	 not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4 not 5 not 6 not 7
How can you tell that truckers like nuts	 They always have pecans! (Read aloud)
How do you power a fleshlight	 With sexual batteries!
How do you keep redditors in suspense	 I dunno, I'll tell ya tomorrow
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None- that's hardware.
How many PETA members does it take to change light bulb	 none, PETA can't change anything.
How do you know your man is cheating	 When he drives by her place the wifi connects
How do we know that hamburgers love classic  music	 They're often found at the Meatropolitan Opera House and Cownegie Hall!
how did the Russian babysitter win the race	 She got ahead LOL
How can you tell if a hippie has been at your house	 He's still there.
How do Eskimos make things stick together	 Igloo
How manyh grad students does it take to change a light bulb	 One, but it takes 7 years.
How do you separate the men from the boys in Sparta	 With a crowbar.
How do you make a Scottish omelette	
How do you tell a boy tree from a girl tree	 Boy trees have woodpeckers.
How does the Terminator lose weight	 By counting Kylereese.
How do you save a suicidal procrastinator	 Tell them it can probably wait 'til tomorrow.
How tall is Luke Skywalker	 Six foot force :)
How's the oil industry doing these days	 It's in the tank.
How do you get in with a pretty nurse	 You need to be patient.
How many Psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one. But the light bulb has to want to change.
How is a woman like an Electrical Fuse	 When they blow, you got no power!!
How many vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger	 One if nobody's looking.
How do People in New Orleans have their beer	 Watered Down
How come Spider-Man didn't get the most obvious spider trait	 Black.
How did the emu feel when his friends disowned him for being too big	 Ostrich-sized.
How much does a hipster weigh	 An instagram.
How do you cause a riot at a cat show	 Open a can
How do you know that an introvert likes you	 He looks at your shoes instead of his.
How do Eskimo fleas stay warm	 A flea's blanket.
How do historians know that Joseph wasn't Jesus' dad	 Because when you're a carpenter in the desert you can't get wood.
How did Helen Keller meet her husband	 On a blind date!
How do skeletons greet each other	 Bon'nichiwa
How many bros does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They prefer Natural Light.
How to make money on youtube	 Step 1. Submit a false claim Step 2. Collect that money Step 3. ???? Step 4. Massive profit for doing nothing
How many Viet Nam vets does it take to change a light bulb	 You don't know? That's right, you *don't* know, because you weren't there, man!
How do you know when spring is here	 the Leafs are out!
How many 2nd trumpets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None. They can't get that high! (My band teacher told me that one today)
How does William Shakespeare make chili	 With beans? Or not with beans? That is the question.
How do you say Constipated in German	 Farfrompoopin
How did the Jamaican meteorologist report the risk of flash flooding	 "Mon, soon."
How many Freudian slips does it take to change a lightboob	
How do you know if your roommate is gay	 His dick tastes like shit.
How are one out of three American Boats born	 By Sea-Section.
How do you defeat your enemies	 Chop off their feet.
How does a burger acquire good taste	 With a little seasoning!
How many toes does Trump have on the outside of his body	 5. The rest are constantly in his mouth.
How do you make a journalist laugh	 By giving them ar-ticles!
How did Jesus feel after the last supper	 A bit cross.
How are condoms like cameras	 They capture your special moments.
How do you spot a sumo at a feminist rally	 Look for the one with shaved legs....
How do you make a Chevy Malibu float	 Pour a glass of soda and add two scoops of Chevy Malibu
How do you confuse an idiot	 78.
How much is an M&amp;M	 50 cents. That's Ludicris!
How do you find Will Smith when he's lost in the snow	 You look for the fresh prints.
How many lawyer jokes are there	 3, and the rest are true stories.
How do you call an intelligent blonde	 A Labrador.
How does someone become a sex expert	 They learn the ins and outs
How many more times will I watch "A Walk To Remember" tonight	 As Mandy Moore times as I want to.
how do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	 one will see you later, and the other in a while
How do Russians watch online movies	 Nyetflix!
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and the other to hold the penis... I meant... The ladder.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart	 When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me..."
How do you confuse a man	 You don't - they're born that way.
How many people do you have to kick out of their houses to have a World Cup	 Brazilians!
How do you spell coward	 S-O-N-Y
How many mods does it take to screw in a light bulb	 [removed]
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	 To get to the other side.
How come ambassadors never get sick	 They have diplomatic immunity.
How do you turn an Indian woman on	 Press the red button.
How does Lady Gaga like her... ...Steaks	 . . . Raw, Raw, Raw Raw Raw!
How do you spot the vegan at a party	 They'll tell you.
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist	 A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
How was the roman empire cut in half	 With a pair of caesars Edit: fixed
How did the redditor get lots of downvotes	 What is a pirate's favourite letter?
How easy is it for wind gusts to talk to each other	  -It is a breeze
How did my doctor know I have minor IBS	 I just asked him to edit my essay; and he said I have semi colon problems. He must be a smart guy; if he can figure that out from my writing.
How much do Americans like racist jokes	 Enough to make one President.
How do bees get to school 	 By school buzz !
How are books like dogs	 The good ones are hard to put down
How many Russians does it take to change a light bulb	 None. In Russia, light bulb changes you.
how do you find Will Smith after it snows	 .... look for the fresh prints.
How did the hipster drown	 he jumped in the mainstream
How does Frankenstein sit in his chair	  Bolt upright.
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Hella.
How do you get an art major off your porch	 Pay for the pizza
How to talk to a good girl and bad girl When you talk to a good girl, ask 'How are you	' When you talk to a bad girl, ask 'How much are you?'
How can you a drop a egg on concrete without cracking it	 Anyway you want. Concrete doesn't break easily.
How do you drive an accountant completely  insane	 Tie him to a chair stand in front of him and fold up a road map the wrong way.
How do you spot the violent kids at the circus	 They go straight for the juggler.
How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday	 By putting flowers on the grave.
How much Norris	 (Tongue twister) How much Norris could Chuck Norris chuck, if Chuck Norris could chuck Norris?
How many US Congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb	 Oh, please. Like they've ever changed anything that needed it.
How do you make a neato burrito	 With cool beans.
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/jokes	 Only one. **/r/Jokes** is **widely known** to be a **breeding ground** for new, **original jokes**.
How can you tell if someone is a chemistry major	 They have a mole on their body.
How does a lawyer sleep	 First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other. Credit: Nicholas Sparks from his book 'See Me' which I am reading now.
How many rednecks does it take to eat a possum	 Two. One to eat it, another to look out for traffic!
How did Vladimir Lenin originally get into power	 "This isn't just a campaign, this is a political *revolution!*"
How do you drown a blonde	 Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
How do you separate the Greek men from the Greek boys	 A crowbar.
How do you scare a man	  Sneak up behind him and start throwing rice.
How do pirates know that they exist	 They think, therefore they arrrr
How was the Redditor with only one karma upvote able to look like he had five karma upvotes	 He was a karma-karma-karma-karma, karma chameleon!
How do alien hunters keep from oversleeping	 They SETI their alarm-y
How many dubstep fans does it take to clean a shower	 100. 1 to actually clean the shower, and 99 to stand around and talk about how filthy it is.
How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant	 Marry her.
How many Socialists does it take to change a light bulb	 None comrade, the bulb holds the seeds to its own revolution!
How many /r/Jokes mods does it take to change a light bulb	 [removed]
How do sheep divide candy	 They all get their fair shear
How did pirates communicate before the internet	 Pier to Pier Networking
How can you find Will Smith in the snow	 Look for Fresh Prints
How do you make an internet addict wait	 I'll tell you later.
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one	  If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
How does a man who has just had his legs cut off at the ankles feel	 Defeated
How many times does 1 go into 0	 As Many Times As It Wants!
How did the mathematician deal with his constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil
How do you stick things together like Fred Flinstone	 You add a dab of glue.
How can you make your d bigger	 CAPS LOCK
How do mountainers send messages	 By ski-mail.
How do you bury a pothead	 Coughin'
How do you escape a fascist authoritarian regime	 By getting aboard (a) voat
How did Hellen Keller break her arms when she fell down a well	 She was shouting for help.
How many Liberals does it take to change a lightbulb	 The light bulb doesn't want to change and you should stop forcing it to do what it doesn't want to do.
How do you confused people in the 90s	 Tell them "In 2016, we will be able to refer to someone as "Sir and/or Ma'am" And still be assuming someone's gender."
How many tickles does it take to pleasure an anime character	 Ten.
How do you spell "Pringles" in Spanish	 Pringles
How is Donald Trump going to improve American produce	 He is going to make American grapes again.
How do you spot an attention whore on reddit	 [-]
How could you tell that the figure skater was a mathematician	 Because of the Fibonacci sequins.
How do you find an alive baby in a pile of dead babies	 With a pitchfork!
How do you know if someone is using recursion	
How many 3rd wave feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Whats the point? 3rd wave feminists can't take a joke anyway.
How do you know a shirt has phoned you	 Collar ID
How do you make a handkerchief dance	 You put a little boogie in it!
How do you get a little old lady to yell the F word	 Get another little old lady to yell "Bingo!"
How much electricity is in the ground	 1 Terrahertz
how to you get a one armed blonde out of a tree	 you wave at her.
How many kids does a sterile German have	 Nein.
How can you tell if someone's a Vegan	 Don't worry... they'll tell you.
How does Donald Trump rile up his constituency at a rally	 "Wall Mart workers of the world, unite!!"
How did Warren Buffets company survive the economic meltdown	 It's a trade secret, but don't worry, Berkshire Hathaway
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree	 You wave :)
How do these presidential candidates sleep at night	! With an electorate blanket.
How did Kobe Bryant go on his math test	 He didn't pass.
How do you know if you've fallen in love with an apple from France	 Your heart goes "pomme pomme ... pomme pomme ..."
How do you get an elephant into a matchbox 	 Take all the matches out first !
How can you tell when a politician is lying	 When their lips move
How many absurdists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Yarn.
How do you measure a Lego figure's shoe size	 In square feet.
How did the Nucleus escape from prison	 through the cell wall.
How many Brexiters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Woah woah woah... I never said there was a lightbulb!
How do you get your pigs to sleep at night	 No problem. Everyone here goes to bed with the chickens. You must have a very large chicken house.
How does the captain know the aircraft is safely at the ramp	 Both the engines and the co-pilot stop whining.
How do you keep a blonde waiting	 I'll tell you tomorrow.
How do you make an epileptic dance	 Throw a flashbang into the room.
How do you kill a hipster	 Drown them in the main stream.
How do you know when a bass player and drummer are at your front door	 The knocking is out of time and they don't know when to come in.
How do you get a Criminal to stop running	 Play the national anthem
How many friend zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None, they will all just stand there complimenting it and get pissed when it wont screw.
How cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly	 Electro*cute*
How did the tugboat get AIDS	 It was rear-ended by a ferry.
How do you make cottage cheese	 You shake a baby.
How do sheep sign their e-mails	 Ewes sincerely.
How'd Florida man break his leg raking leaves	 He fell off the palm tree
How can you tell when the stage is level	 The drummer is drooling equally from both sides of his mouth.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbult	 To get to the other side.
How do you start a rave in ethiopia	 Tape a piece of toast to the roof.
How is Sandusky like a tortoise	 He gets there before the hair...
How do you make a pool table laugh	 Jiggle its balls
How do you confuse a blind person	 Toss them a basketball and ask them to read it.
How do you call a Jamaican mountain	 High ground
How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox	 Tell them it floats!
How do you feel when there's no coffee	 Depresso.
How do you compliment a scarecrow	 Tell him he's outstanding in his field!
How does NASA prepare for an organized event	 They planet!
How do you get down off an Elephant	 You don't. You get down off a duck.
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 It doesn't matter, they'll just compliment it a lot and then complain because it won't screw.
How do you tell if water is true or false	 Bring it to a bool.
How do you call a cross-dressing father of two	 Transparent
How is American beer comparable to having sex on a boat	 It's fucking close to water.
How do elves spell	 With an elfabet.
How many JokeExplainBots does it take to change a lightbulb	 **Lightbulbs** are easily threaded by one person, **usually** with one hand. Doot.
How do locomotives know where they're going	 Lots of training.
How many reposts does it take to change a subreddit	 More than we have now. This sub is still shit.
How do you tell if Donald Trump is in your house	 I sas Donald Trump today in my house, he had a gun.
How many Filipinos can you fit on a jeepney	 One more.
How do you make a little boy cry twice	 (NSFW) You wipe your bloody dick on his teddy bear
How did your mom know you hadn't washed your face	 I forgot to wet the soap.
How do you find blind man on a nudist beach	 It's not hard
How do you call a sad coffee	 A depresso... get it?
How do you tell the time in the US	 By looking at a bomb
How do you see countries neighboring Russia	 Ukraine your neck.
How are pimples and a priest different	 Pimples don't come on your face until you are 12.
How did experts know Princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her Head &amp; Shoulders in the glove compartment.
How many republicans does it take so screw in a light bulb	 None, Obama's already screwed it for you. (Thanks, Obama)
How is a meditating monk and a fiber-optic cable similar	 Total internal reflection.
How did the pirate fix the hole in his pants	 He used an eyepatch
How does someone stop ISIS	 Change their name to past tense, WASWAS.
How are lawyers and apples similar	 They both look good hanging from a tree
How do you spell me	 "M E." "No you forgot the D." "There's no D in me." "Not yet." It's a classic, my friend got me with this right after I got him with the "duck weigh".
How does a mathematician get to work	 He derives!
How do you get a fat girl into bed 	 Piece of cake
How do you identify a Vegan, Crossfitter, Navy SEAL, or tranny	 Don't worry about it, they will tell you.
How do you have a party in space	 You planet.
How many ears does Spock have	 Three The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a lightbulb	 YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN! YOU WEREN'T THERE!
How many cancer patients does it take to change a lightbulb	 One, and ten people to stand around clapping and saying "Aww, how brave."
How do you know you've found Christopher Walken's house	 It has a recognizable gait
How do you blow a tranny	 Depends on your definition of a tranny
How do you get 1000 dead babies into a phone booth	 A blender. How do you get them out? Tostitos
How to get a liberal arts graduate off of your porch	 Pay him for the pizza
How do you know if a homeless man has a girlfriend	 He has two clean fingers.
How many C++ programmers does it take to change a light bulb	 "You're still thinking procedurally! A properly designed light bulb object would inherit a change method from a generic light bulb class!"
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb	 Just kidding, you can't change anything in the United States.
How do churches stay so strong	 They pray on the weak.
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Lol they can't change anything
How do you say genius sarcastically	 Apple genius.
How do you tell which truck is the mail truck	 It has huge balls on it. Credit goes to the 70 year old man who just came into my work and made my day.
How do you circumsise a redneck	 Kick his sister in the chin.
How many goals did Germany score	 gerMANY
How do I raise my kids	 Simple, I grab them under their arm pits, bend at the knees and stand up, how else would you do it?
How is "Shark spotted swimming off the coast" news worthy	 Now if a shark was seen walking off the coast that's different.
How to cure affluenza	 Introduce him to Warhammer.
How was Rome cut in half	 With a pair of Caesars.
How do you juice an orange	 Play with its citorus
How can I face the problem	 When my problem is my face!
How many dyslexics does it change to light a take bulb	
How did Jesus pay for our sins	 Pray-Pal
How many Dependent P.D. does to take to  change a lightbulb	 None he's still clinging to the old lightbulb.
How do you make a dog say meow	 Put it in the freezer, then get a chainsaw and cut it. MEEEEEEEOOOWWW!!
how do you know when a prescription is being written for bulimia	 when the directions for use say take one pill twice a day
How does a farmer count cows	 with a cow-calculator.
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	 One to unscrew it, and one to hold the ~~cock~~ ~~father~~ ladder.
How Pokemon go came to be Customers: "Niantic, can we have 151 Pokemon	" Niantic: "147 Pokemon? You want to have 145 Pokemon?! What are you going to do with 142 Pokemon?!"
How do you get banned from a subreddit without breaking the rules	 Post something humorous in /r/lounge. P.S: Is there anyway to ungild myself?
How do you make Aquaman cool	 Put him in water!
How many leftists does it take to change a lightbulb	 8,000 to protest against the broken lightbulb but 0 to realize it won't change anything.
How do you find Will Smith in the winter	 You search for Fresh Prints.
How does a feminist change a lightbulb	 By holding the bulb up to the socket and waiting for the world to revolve around them.
How do you get Squirtle, Charmander and Pikachu onto a bus	 You pokemon.
How did the OBGYN win the election	 He was able to stirrup some controversy about his opponent with his effective smear campaign.
How can you tell a black person is lying	 His lips are moving.
How many scientists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, that's what interns are for.
How do you feel when there is no coffee	 Depresso.
How do you make a lemon orgasm	 You rub its cituris.
How do you know Bono is selfish	 He does a lot of Pro-Bono work.
How many french men does it take to conquer Paris	 No one knows, it's never been done.
How many years before we forget if 9/11 was in '00 or '01	 15 or 16
How do you call a blond who changed her hair color to brown	 Artificial Intelligence!
How does software eat it's food	 By taking large bytes!
How does every racist joke begin	 With a look over the shoulder.
How much for that babysitter	 Ma'am, that's a roll of duct tape I'll take it!
how do you make pickle bread	 with dill dough
How do you circumsize an Alabama man	 Kick his sister in the chin.
How would you describe sex with a midget covered in sugar	 Short and sweet
How do skeletons make a baby	 They bone
How long does it take for a GNOME developer to take a shit	 I don't know, how long until the next version of GNOME?
How many men does it take to close the toilet seat	 No one knows yet!
How do you get a Catholic nun pregnant	 Dress her as a choirboy
How do you tell the teams apart in Amish women's basketball	 It's skirts versus shins.
How do you get a parrot to talk properly 	  Send him to polytechnic !
How does the universe throw a party	 They planet.
How many Buddhists does it take to change a light bulb	 None, the changes necessary will come from within.
How come I can get free wifi with a $3 cup of coffee but I can't get it with a $150 hotel room	
How do you have a sexy barbecue	 You grill the sausage.
How are husbands like lawn mowers	 They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.
How much is Hillary Clinton's life insurance	 Just one bill.
How come there are no Jared Fogle jokes on reddit	 No I mean it im just asking,
How many rappers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two!.......pac. ^(*It's a lot better spoken than written.*)
How did the escape artist annoy r/jokes	
How Swift is Kanye	 About as West as Taylor
How are blind kids punished by their parents	 The parents move the furniture.
How does Jackie Chan karate chop things over there	 AYA!!
How does a baritone make phone calls	  Song distance!
How long does it take for a newborn to fall from the empire state building	 About 16 seconds
How long does it take Putin to give his car an oil change	 Nyet long. He's always Russian.
How did the depressed man get around town	 Moped
How do you get 4 old ladies to yell "Shit!"	 Get a 5th old lady to yell "Bingo!"
How many apples grow on trees	 All of them
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb	 None. The Russians did it apparently.
How do you make an octopus laugh	 Ten"tickles"
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm...	 (Rated G) Look for fresh prints...
How did the instructor try to make horse riding  enjoyable	 He tried to stirrup some interest!
How do you starve a neurosurgeon	 Hide his paycheck with his kids.
How do you make a blondes eyes shine bright	  Shine a torch in her ear!
How does a viola greet a relative	 Cello!
How does Jack Frost get to work	 By icicles
How do you know Kurt Cobain didn't have dandruff	 A bit of his head and shoulders were found behind the couch.
How do you turn a Fox into a Pit Bull	 Marry her !
How does a WWE wrestler like his eggs	 Raw
How did the blind man know Santa was in his house	 He felt his presents.
How did the elephant get into the room	 We don't talk about it...
How did the farmhand get a job at reddit	 He put "excellent reposter" on his resume.
How many dicks do you have to suck before you know you're gay	 Three, two for fun and one just to make sure.
How many accountants does it take to change a light bulb	 "What kind of answer did you have in mind?" Two one to change the light bulb and one to check that it was done  within the given budget.
How Many Martians Does It Take to Screw In a Lightbulb	 At least two, but they have to be pretty small to fit.
How did I get out of Iraq	 Iran
How do magicians retire	 They seem to just disappear.
How did Brandon Lee's wife get pregnant	 The prop guy said he was shooting blanks!
How do redneck Na'vi get their skin tone	 Blue Genes... I'll be here all week
How on earth can you defend a man like Adam Johnson	 it's easy, he's all left foot - just constantly show him down the right side and don't let him cut in.
How many pretty girls are there at a monastery	 Nun.
How does a space class start a party	 They planet!
How do you lose 30 pounds in 1 Minute	 Go to England and buy something
How many Polish people does it take to be pallbearers at a funeral	 Seven. Six to carry the casket and one to drag the body
How is today Monday	 It was Friday only a few hours ago...
How do you Think the Unthinkable	 With an Itheburg.
How many Android users does it take to buy an iPhone	 Zero. Apple doesn't accept EBT.
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	 She can fit into your wife's clothes.
How do you greet a British programmer named Cathryn	 'Allo-cate
How do you propose to a stoner	 Marriage ya wanna?
How do you know a joke is a repost	 It's on the front page
How many NRA members does it take to stop a 6-year-old paraplegic from stealing a candy bar	 Nobody knows - they usually lose count at 800 rounds.
How does Alfred call batman for dinner	 Dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner batman!
How did the alien tie his shoes	 With an astroknot.
How does an ethiopian open a beer	 With his ribs
How does a sloth hang itself	 By trying to jump rope.
How is the Battle for Hogwarts like a Black Friday sale	 Weasley twins are 50% off
How many /r/ users does it take to change a lightbulb	 Three. One to do it, one to complain that it has already been done before, and one to repost this joke.
How many feminists you need to change a lamp	 "That's not funny..."
How do you make a 6 year old cry twice	 Wipe your bloody dick off with her teddy bear.
How many livers do people have	 I want to make sure I have a backup before I put this thing on Ebay.
How many potatos does it take to kill an Irishman	 None.....
How did the blonde burn her nose	 Bobbing for french fries.
How do you eat a bald pussy	 You remove her diaper first.
How do you know the toothbrush was made in France	 Anywhere else it would've been the "teethbrush"
How many nuns can a nunchuck chuck if a nunchuck could chuck nuns	 Nun.
How do you call a person that speaks only one language	 An American
How does the man on the moon cut his hair	 Eclipse it!
How hot was that oven	 That they baked you in? Because you're hotter than a freshly baked Pizza!
How do you cut off a redneck's dick	 Kick his sister in the jaw
How do you break a Polacks finger	 Punch him in the nose.
How many New Yorkers does it take to change a light bulb	 Mind yer own fuckin' business!
How many beans are in Irish Chili	 239, because if there was 1 more it would be "Too Farty".
How come computers are soo smart	 It is because they listen to their motherboard.
How do you know if someone is an Alabama fan	 Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many second violinists does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They can't get up that high!
how does every racist joke start	 with a look over your shoulder.
How do you get 1000 cows into a barn 	? - hold a bingo !!
How do you make a horse fast	 You take away his food.
How do you know an r/jokes mod is a cyberman	 [deleted]
How do you turn a fox into a cow	 Marry it
How come if you eat two cookies you gain 3 lbs. Then when you take a major dump, you don't lose anything	
How does a sailor remove a condom	 He farts.
How do you make an idiot think he's a duck	 Tell him he's a duck.
How do fish get high	 Seaweed.
How can you tell the difference between a weasel and a stoat	 One is weasely identifiable while the other is stoatally different.
How did Henry V reload his rifle	 Once more into the breech, dear friends
How can you tell a dog from a tomato	 The tomato is red.
How are women like tornadoes	 At first there's lots of blowing and sucking, then your house is gone.
How do pirates agree with each other over long distances	 With their aye-phones.
How many Redditeers does it take to post a Super Bowl "I'lll pass" joke	 apparently all of them...
How do 2 psychics greet each other	 "Hello, how am I?" "You're fine, how am I?"
How many people in Brazil shave	 A Brazilian.
How does Harry Potter get down a hill	 Walking. Jk. Rowling.
How do color blind people see porn	 In fifty shades of gray
How do you know the name of a Pokemon	 It will tell you.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a fish	 Lightbulb.
How do tacos fair in a war	 They tend to be shells of their former selves
How does Moses get his tea ready	 Hebrews
how do you confuse a blonde	 Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
How much do pirates pay for corn	 A buck an ear!
How does a French woman hold her liquor	 By the ears.
How many teenage mutant ninja turtules does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Five. It's a huge problem.
How do you get into a haunted house	 By using a spookey!
How do you find Illuminati's secret hideout	 You triangulate their position!
How do you fit an elephant into a safeway bag	 You take the 's' out of safe and the 'f' out of way.
How do you torture Hellen Keller	 Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
How do you get a hippie pregnant	 You cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
How did the Italians lose WWII	 They ordered ziti instead of shells.
How many chiropractors does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one. But it takes about 8-10 visits.
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	 it's a pretty obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
How many radical feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	 That's not funny.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose	 2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a shitload of hares, 1 camel toe and a fish nobody can find.
How many Dallas Cowboys fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 They don't. They just talk about when it did work.
How do you separate two blind people fighting	 You just simply shout: "I'm supporting the one with the knife!"
How do you make a pheromone	 Tell him, "Let my people go."
How did the massage therapist lose all of his customers	 He rubbed them all the wrong way
How many Dell Service Reps does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know, I am on hold.
How can you tell the clan of a Scotsman	 Look under his kilt, if it's a quarter-pounder, he's a McDonald.
How to be a grown up at work	 Always smile and replace "fuck you" with "OK great"
How do you milk a sheep and make a profit	 Remove the audio jack
How many journalists does it take to change  a light bulb	 "We just report the facts we don't change them."
How do I stay humble	 Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.
How do you fit 100 dead babies in a barrel	 with a blender. How do you get them out? With a straw.
How do you get to a position of power in a science lab	 Work over time
How do blondes carpool	 They meet up a work
How did our grandparents killed time when there were no Smartphones and Internet	 I already asked my mom, her four sisters and five brothers.
How does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time	 She takes off her glass eye
How many philosophers does it take to... ...change a light bulb	 Define "light bulb".
How did Caitlyn Jenner and Kanye West settle an argument	 They went outside and exchanged blows.
How do normal people vs feminists laugh	 Normal People: HeHeHe... Feminist: SheSheShe..
How do Rabbis make money	 They keep the tips.
How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb	 MORE GUNS!!!
How do you know if someone is a socialist	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do Japanese people refer to American politicians	 Parti-san
How Long is a China-man	 I always thought he was Korean.
How do you fix a broken Tuba	 Tuba glue.
How many marshmallows does it take to get to the moon	 Purple, there are no bones in ice cream!
How did Helen Keller lose her arm	 Trying to read the road signs!!!
How would you describe the average bully	 Mean.
How many professional soccer players does it take to change a light bulb	 Six. One to change the bulb, and five to hug and kiss him.
How do you know when your sister is on her period	 When your dad's dick tastes like blood.
How do you give a solipsist an existential crisis	 You tell me.
How do you say "No, I'm full" in Grandmother	
How do you cut down a hipster tree	 A suuh dude!
how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	 ten tickles
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman	 (NSFW) Shit in her cunt
How did Mars feel when the colonists were approaching	 Terra-fied.
How do you get an 80 year old woman to say f***	 Have another 80 year old woman yell "bingo!"
How does a spider know if he just had sex with an actual female	 She eats him alive afterward.
How did Moses make his tea	
How do mussels reproduce	 They shuck eachother.
How do you know a redneck invented the tooth brush	 We would have called it a teeth brush
How do you figure out how sensitive a man's balls are	 Test tickles
How did Saddam deal with his leftovers	 He used sarin wrap
How many skunks do you need to make a house really smelly	 Just a phew!
How many bears would Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears	 None. He'd eat them raw!
How many Serbs does in take to change a Lighbulb	 It doesn't matter..Theres a Blackout!
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	 Juan.
How did Pinocchio figure out he was made of wood	 He was jacking off one day and his hand caught on fire.
How is the iPhone 6 like /r/gonewild	 They both give you tightness in the pants. I'll see myself out...
How do you get a nun pregnant	 Dress her up like an altar boy.
How do you catch a slutty bee	 With a hornet.
How does Dracula keep fit	 He plays batminton.
How does ISIS cool down in the summer time	 In a blow up pool
How do you tell if someone is ticklish	 You give them a couple of test-tickles.
How do you call a USB stick in Russia	 A put-in
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat	 When She fits in your wife's clothes.
How do you make a coffee sad	 You mocha...
How is the Easter Bunny like Shaquille O'Neal	  They're both famous for stuffing baskets!
How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced	 A buccaneer.
How do you know when a politician is lying	 Their mouth is moving.
How does Disney decide who needs pants and who doesn't	
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Some obscure number that you'll never understand.
How does Santa Claus remember which chimneys he's been down	 He keeps a log
How do you burn an Irishman ear	 Ring him while he's ironing...
How do you get gum out of hair	 cancer -I'm sorry-
How do you define a farmer	 Someone that's outstanding in their field.
How was the Grand Canyon created	 A Jew lost a penny (incoming angry comments)
How do you stop bacon from curling in the pan	 Take away their tiny brooms!
How much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood	 None because only beavers give a dam.
How many Southerners does it take to change a lightbulb	 Change? Whatever do you mean, *change*?
How do you greet the cold horse across the fence	 Howdy Neigh - Brr Made up by my 4 year old son.
How can the eurologist tell if he is looking at a man or woman	 Well, there is a vast difference.
How many Latvian to eat potato	 soldier
How do you call a robber in a suit of armor	 A thief in the knight
How does a painter support their art in this economy	 Easel-y
How big are pedophiles shoes	 A footlong.
How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him	 He felt pretty cross.
How many letters can you wear on your feet	 10 E's
How do you know when Santa Claus is nearby 	 You can feel his presents ...
How do you make a woman go blind	 Put a windshield in front of her.
How can you tell a Belgian in a submarine	 He's the one with a parachute on his back.
How did he get from Afghanistan to Iraq	 Iran (He ran). Thought of this when looking at the world map, sorry that it's terrible.
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Just one. But it takes 20 episodes
How to break up with someone- You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: which one	 You: MEEEEE BYEEEEEEEE
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow thrower	 Give her a shovel.
How do ducks fly high	 They use quack!
How can you tell when a drummer's at the door	 He doesn't know when to come in
How do Soviet prison mates greet each other	 Gulag to you too.
How do you walk out of a Casino with $1 Million	 Walk in with $2 Million.
How does the devil measure his drugs	 In pentagrams
How many tumblr users does it take to change a lightbulb	 Light is triggering, shitlord. DOWN WITH THE BULBTRIARCHY
How did Darth Vader cross the street	 Ewoked.
How do you catch a peculiar rabbit	 Unique up on it.
How do you know if an introvert likes you when you're talking to them	 They'll stare at your shoes instead of theirs.
How did Charles Darwin die	 Natural causes.
How do you confuse Hellen Keller	 Give her a basketball, and tell her to read it.
How do you get a Nun pregnant	 Dress her up as an Altar Boy
How do you know if the moon is waxing or waning	 If it's waning you'll get weally weally wet.
How does a skeleton call her friends	 On a telebone.
How do you get the walls of your house as bright as they can possibly be	 Use LED based paint.
How do you hold a pirate rabbit	 With its buccaneers! Source: Dad.
How did the sloth become President of the tree	 He slept his way to the top.
How do you make a cat bark	 Soak it in lighter fluid, throw a match on it. Woof!
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears	 Seven.
How much does Nicki Minaj sell security devices for	 Pound an alarm
How did Mace die	 He was thrown out the Windu.
How many fugitives does it take to fix a light bulb	 1/3
How many redditors it takes to change a lightbulb	 [OC] It only takes 1. But another 999 to repost this 100% original joke. I made this.
How did Kanye West ask Kim Kardashian to marry him 	? "will i marry you?"
How many procrastinators does it take to change a lightbulb	 Oh well, I'll figure it out later.
How long did it take the fish to go to the store	 salmon or eight minutes.
How many waiters does it take to change a light bulb	 None a burned out bulb can't catch a waiter's eye.
How do you kill a circus clown 	 You go for the juggler
How did the farmer move his cows	 In a mooving van!
How do you fix a broken pizza	 Use tomato paste.
How much for a haircut	 Barber: Fifteen dollars. How much for a shave? Barber: Ten dollars.  Right - shave my head.
How does Romney only claim a 14% tax rate	 He claims 47% of the U.S. as dependents.
How to get a job without experience 	 Just run for office!
How do you play a big game of Hungry Hippos	 Go to a weight watchers meeting and roll Maltesers down the middle of their meeting circle.
How do you make apple jelly	 google maps.
How does a solar system have a party	 They planet
How many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg	 Four. Because calling the trunk a leg doesn't make it a leg.
How did the Otaku Redneck guy name his daughter	 Annie Mae
How can you tell ignorance from indifference	 I don't know and I don't care.
How are that many Republicans candidates supposed to debate each other at once	 Throw a dollar bill in the floor and let the last one alive run for president.
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello	 Konnichihuahua
How can you tell if someone is vegan	 They'll tell you
How do you organize a party in space	 You Planet
How do trees get online	 They just log in...
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	 Pretty good.
How do you keep the Kansas City Chiefs away from your house	 Paint a goal line on your driveway.
How do you add up a mountain	 You summit.
How do you keep water warn in the winter	 Have it wear an aqua-fur.
How can a black woman tell if she's pregnant	 When she takes out the tampon the cotton is already picked
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb	 They can't, they're not bright enough.
How do you know if a girl is on her period	 Shut up!
How many psychiatrists does it take to  change a light bulb	 "How long have you been having this  phantasy?"
How do you tell the difference between a chemistry professor and a politician 	 Just ask them to read this word: unionized.
How did Thor's brother get his powers	 Just Loki I guess
How do ghosts navigate the ocean	 They use boo-eys.
How can people get engaged after dating less than a year	 You haven't seen their fall wardrobe yet and tbh it could be a deal breaker
How was my soup	 Souperb.
How do you get out of an elephant	 Q: How do you get out of an elephant? A: Turn around and around until you get all pooped out. (5 yo humor never gets old)
How many times do you have to tickle a squid to make it laugh	 ten tickles
How do mice celebrate when they move home 	  With a mouse warming party !
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls	  Collect!
How come you never write e-mails	 I'd rather send a note!
How do you convert Spanish programming into English	 Yes++
How much does a plumber make in an hour	 It depends on how much crack he can produce.
how are we gonna sell our car this year	 how about a commercial where the car is driving around on roads. great work everyone time for lunch
How does a deaf and dumb tell a secret to another one	 He wears mittens.
How is the new Meta Gear game	 Its solid.
How do you fix a monkey	 With a Monkey Wrench!
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	 When this gets 500 upvotes, I'll tell you the answer.
How do you blow a movie quote	 You just put your lips together and whistle
How does an atheist start their prayers	 To Whom It May Concern
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 YOU WEREN'T THERE MAAAAN!!!
How can you tell if a girl is under 18	 Ask her if she is a Bernie Sanders supporter.
How do chemists get high	 they drop acid of course
How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Well I'm not just going to tell you. You need to figure it out yourself.
How do you ruin a date with Princess Leia	 By saying Alderaan things.
How can you identify a French Infantryman	 Sunburned armpits.
How many black people does it take to start a riot	 One less than before
How come Apple-products have so small transistors	 Children have very small hands
How do you pick Dolly Parton's Kids out of a crowd	 They're the ones with stretch marks around their lips.
How do you find a blind man at a nudist beach	 It's not hard
How do you know if a black woman is pregnant	 Stick a banana up her cooter, if it comes out half eaten, you've got a monkey on the way!
How do you tell if somebody doesn't have a smartphone	 Just wait, they'll tell you.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting millions of illegal immigrants	 Juan by Juan
How was copper wire first invented	 Two Jews were fighting over a penny.
How do trees access the internet	 They log on
How do you deal with radical Islamists	 You square them.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One - they are quite efficient and not very funny.
How is a moil like a mashgiach	 (How is the person who circumcises infants like the person who inspects kosher restaurants?) Their job is to make sure there's no cheese on the meat!
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb	 You dont know, *coz you weren't there, man!*
How many people from Cornwall does it take to change a lightbulb	 They don't care, as long as they do it better than people from Devon.
How was your thanksgiving	 &gt;&gt; Very stuffing.
How do you know that your gynecologist is nearsighted	 His nose is wet.
How can a male get a maid for free	 He gets married.
How many Russians does it take to elect the President of the United States	 Just Trump.
How is Halloween celebrated in Kentucky	 pumpkin
How do you put a baby astronaut to sleep	 You rocket
How do you know when you're at a gay barbecue	 All the hot dogs taste like shit.
How did Helen Keller's mother punish her	 She left a plunger in the toilet
How do you circumcise a Trump supporter	 Kick his sister in the jaw.
How does a prostitute make more than a drug dealer	 Because she can clean her crack and sell it again
How did hipster kid hurt himself	 He touched the stove before it was cool...
How many babies can fit in a blender	 Depends how powerful the blender is
How did the homeless handicap child die	 Alone
How many policemen does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many Police Officers does it take to change a light bulb	 Thirteen. One to change the light bulb, and twelve to beat the room for being black.
How do you spot a joke without a punchline	
How did ISIS do on their French test	 They bombed it...
How can you tell when an idiot's depressed	 Go stand in front of a mirror
How do you circumcise a guy in Alabama	 You kick her sister in the chin!
How do you think the whole Deflategate situation feels to Tom Brady now	 Probably doesn't feel how he prefers it to...
How is an NBA photographer like a Trump supporter	 They both want to shoot black people.
How did Chernobyl disaster happen 	 scientist A : Are you sure ? scientist B : Trust me, I know what i'm doing.
How many letters are there in the Pirate Alphabet	 Ten. Aye, aye, arr, and the seven seas.
How do you stop a Lion from charging	 have a successful dentistry practise.
How do you call an unfanny comedian	 A youtuber.
How many dyslexics does it screw to take in a light bulb	
How does a vampire enter his house	  Through the bat flap.
How do you keep men on their toes	 Raise the urinals
How to keep idiot waiting	 I'll tell tomorrow.
How far can this plane go with just one engine	 All the way to the crash site!
how did canada choose its name	 They pulled letters out of a hat. C, eh N, eh D, eh
how do you get a toddled car repaired you get another one for you toddled car get it	? re-paired
How does Mike Tyson track Will Smith in the snow	 He looks for fresh prints.
How do you get 100 babies into a bucket... With a blender How do you get them out again	 With tortilla chips
How much do deer nuts cost	 Under a buck
How does Walter Palmer like his eggs	 Poached. Thank you, I'm here all week. EDIT: this got no upvotes and I don't think it deserved any
How can you tell when an Iranian boy has matured	 They take the diaper off his ass and put it on his head.
How do you keep a group of women from talking	 Ask the oldest one to speak first.
How do you make pickel bread	 With dill dough
How do you tell a friend their breath stinks without being rude	 "I'm bored, let's brush our teeth!"
How did they invent break dancing	 Trying to steal the hubcaps off a moving car.
How do bees go to school	 They take the buzz
How do you hit 20 flies in one shot	 Hit an Ethiopian in the head with a frying pan.
How do a neckbeard's cells divide	 by m'tosis
How does Dracula eat his food	 In *bite* size pieces
How much did Harambe drink in the bar	 Just a couple of shots
How do you castrate a priest	 Kick the alter boy in the jaw
How did the man get the woman into the pool club	 He snooker in!
How do you titillate an ocelot	 You oscillate it's tit a lot
How do you get an art major off your front porch	 Pay for the pizza!
How many forever alone guys does it take to change a light bulb	 One, but he wishes it was two.
How is your job and your wife different	 I don't mind telling work the other jobs I've done
How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One....Two...One, Two...
How do you spot an engineer at a party	 He'll come up to you and tell you himself.
How do you get "Dick" from Richard	 You ask him politely.
How do you check the intonation of a guitar underwater	 With a tuna.
How was it possible that the three bears had porridge all at different temperatures	 Someone is lying.
How do you know if someone is Puerto Rican	 They tell you.
How is a teacher like a hooker	 They're both pretending that they're enjoying it.
How do bank robbers send messages	 By flee mail!
How do you make a starfish shine	 Drop it in sparkling water.
How much power does a hearse have	 1 corpsepower
How do farmers party	 They *turnip* the *beets*. :/
How do blind people know when they're done wiping	
How do you call a cow with no legs	 You don't, because cows don't have phones.
How do you make an egg roll	 Push it.
How is Liam Neeson and an ionic bond alike	 They are always having something get taken.
How does Moses make beer	 Hebrews!
How many political parties does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two, one to change the lightbulb, and the other to bask in the light of the old one.
How do you make a venetian blind	 Poke his eyes out Credits go to my 90 year old grandfather, currently completing his PhD
How many deadbeat dads does it take to change a lightbulb	 I wouldn't know, mine's never around. (Alternately: "Well, he went out to get one...")
How do you make Halloween great again	 By carving a Trumpkin
How many immigrants. Q) How many immigrants does it take to change a light bulb	 A) None. That is our fucking job!
How do you impress a girl	 By growing up.
How do you keep Trump busy for the rest of his term	 Tell him his twitter phone is in the corner of his office.
How do cows do math	 A cow-culator. haha haha ha ... ok, I'll leave.
How many children's TV presenters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two, one to change the lightbulb and another to show one they changed earlier.
How did ISIS become so powerful	 They got a head
How many fams does it take to get the sky lit	 Just one sun
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween	 Pump kin!
How long does it take To microwave a baby	 I'm too busy jerking of to watch a timer.
How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead	 You poker face!
How do you make a good pun	 You use a great PUNchline.
How do you know that Santa is a man	 No woman wears the same attire every year.
How heavy is the moderation on this sub	 And was it in anyway responsible for the death of FPH.
How many Wake Forest fraternity brothers does it take to make chocolate chip cookies	 Seventeen. One to do it and sixteen to shell the M&M's.
How can you double your money	 Look at it in a mirror.
How are farts and Ancient Egypt similar	 They both have a Tutankhamun.
How many Chauvinists does it take to Change a Lightbulb	 None, because chauvinists can't change anything.
How do you draw an Overwatch character	 You Tracer.
How much cocaine is 2 much	 Do u think security will view me ridding the elevator from the 1st to 2nd floor for the past 3hrs suspicious??
How do you know if a hippo is in your oven	 The door won't close
How many /r/jokes reditorz does it take to change a light bulb	 21, the first 20 will just repost an old one.
How many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just beat the room for being black
How do men in New Zealand address their women	 "Hey! Ewe!"
How did Donald Trump know he had an STD	 Because he was fired
How did the gangster die below the Empire State Building	 Someone dropped a dime on him.
How do you start a conversation with a bunch of idiots	 HELLLOOOOO AMERICA!
How do you convey body language	 With your figure of speech
How do angels greet each other	  They say Halo.
How do you make a witch scratch	 Remove the w
How are tigers like sergeants in the army 	 They both wear stripes !
How can you tell if a Redditor is European	 Don't worry, he'll tell you
How are synagogues like lemons	 They're full of acidic juice.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 To get to the other side!
How did the white girl get pregnant	 Her teacher told her to do an essay. (ese)
How bad was the Rio 2016 Olympic	 None of the North Korean athletes defected.
How does a pig write home	 With a pig pen.
How do you get a Mormon to not drink all of your beer on a fishing trip	 Bring two Mormons.
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof	 Depends how thin you slice them. Worst dead baby jokes, let's hear them! NSFW because dead baby jokes probably aren't safe for work...
How does Harry Houdini tell people to steal stuff	 Straight jack it.
How can you use a banana as a compass	 Place a banana on the Berlin Wall. East is where a bite has been taken out of it. [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Germany_jokes)
How many walruses does it take to make a sandwich	 Don't be silly, walruses don't make sandwiches; women make sandwiches. Made this up to bug my sister. It worked. Her husband laughed.
How do warty witches keep their hair out of place	 With scare spray.
How do you castrate a guy from Kentucky	 Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many nihilists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 #
How often do I make chemistry jokes	 Periodically. I made one yesterday, but it had no reaction.
How come Miss Piggy couldn't talk	 She had a frog in her throat.
How do you know when someone is a single mother	 Don't worry! They will tell you!
How did I get the balls to write such a grotesque joke	 Gruesome.
How does Michael J Fox take his martinis	 Shaken. Not stirred
How many perverts does it take to insert a light bulb	 Only one; However, it takes an entire emergency ward to get it back out again.
How do you hire a horse	 Put a brick under each hoof!
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word	 Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
How many prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb	 Obviously more than four, they've been in my basement for days, and it's still dark down there!
How do you know if you are having a good time	 When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.
How many dubstep fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Wuh-wuh-wuh-one.
How do lions like their steaks	 RAWR
How long does a guest have to overstay before you can claim them on your taxes	
How many dyslexics does it change to take a light bulb	
How do you stop a woman giving you head	 Marry her.
How do Ethiopian parents celebrate their child's first birthday	 By putting flowers on its grave.
How do you restore your body back to 'factory settings'	 Is it kale? it's kale, isn't it? please don't say kale.
how do you make a dog go "meow"	 Freeze it solid then push it through a band saw. MEEEOOW!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	 None
How would Arnold Schwarzenegger describe a sousaphone	 "It's not a tuba!"
How much do you pay to buy corn from a pirate	 You pay a buccaneer.
How many Irish folk singers does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to change the bulb and one to sing about how grand the old bulb was.
How do scientists freshen their breaths	 Ex*spearmints*
How can you tell a pirate is being raped	 You hear him screaming "Quit plunderin' my booty!"
how do you know you're in an elevator with the people of reddit	 you're stuck on the basement level!
How is the elevator business	 Oh, it has its up and downs...
How do you steal something from a crazy person	 You straight jack it.
How do Amish guys know if its a romantic candlelit dinner or just regular dinner	
how does james bond prefer his women	 shaven, not furred
How is the Torah like Kidz Bop	 It's for yids, by yids!
How many Marines does it take to change a lightbulb	 Four, one to change it and three to comment on the changing.
How do you circumcise a whale	 You need four skin divers
How do you spell candy with two letters	 C and Y
How can you tell if a girls tinder profile is fake	 They're attractive!
How long should you microwave fish for	 Tuna half minutes.
How do you know when you've played too much minecraft	 When your friend wishes aloud that he could be creative and you tell him ,"your game mode has been changed."
How do you pay a quiz master	 with finances.
How many internet users does it take to change a light-bulb	 I dunno. Let's just sign a petition so that hopefully somebody will do it.
How many jail guards does it take to change a light bulb	 Why does it matter? Everyone knows the prison system can't change anything.
How do you get two rednecks to play Banjo in unison	 Shoot the first one.
How do you make 7 even	 By removing the S
How can you lift an elephant with one hand	 A. It is not a problem, since you will never find an elephant with one hand.
how many Frenchmen does it take to properly defend Frances borders	 No idea, No ones ever tried.
How do you advertise a motor home	 A trailer
How do you catch a wild bra	 Set a booby trap.
How do you get down off a horse	 You don't, you get down off a duck.
How did Hitler originally get into power	 "Let's make Germany great again"
How do you make a dog smile	 Suck its dick.
How do you pump a Republican for information	 With a plunger.
How did the rice crispy propose to the cornflake	 It Snapped, Crackled and Popped the question.
How is Twitter like Game of Thrones	 There's 140 characters, and they are all terrible.
How long does an owl live	 Six and a half books.
How can you tell if an elephant has been in the fridge	 There are footprints in the butter
How do you count cows	 With a cowculator.
How will future generations contact Beyonce's ghost	 They'll hold a Beyonceance.
How do you get your dog to come	 Fuck it.
How many Crusaders does it take to change a light bulb	 It depends on Deus Voltage
How does a cat tell time	? In meowers
How do you call a singing PC	 a dell
How did they know Christa McAuliffe had dandruff	 They found her head and shoulders on the beach
How does Donald Trump start his favorite joke	 Two Corinthians walk into a bar...
How does a turtle grate cheese	 Shredder
How did the bootician style the ghost's hair	  With a scare dryer!
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom	 He farts
How many maple leafs does it take to change a tire	 Only 1, unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up
How often does an oriental farmer milk his cows	 Dairy
How many vegans does it take to change a lightbulb	 One. Vegans have the same capability of changing a lightbulb as non-vegans.
How do you know if you have amnesia	 I don't know.
How did the guy from Kentucky find his sister in the woods	 Pretty good!
HOW MANY LAWYER JOKES ARE THERE	 Q. How many lawyer jokes are there? A. Three...the rest are all true.
How did San Diego get its name	 Someone dropped their waffle on the beach.
How do you make a woman scream twice	 Fuck her in the ass then wipe your dick on her curtains.
How does a monster begin a fairy tale	 "Once upon a slime . . ."
How many cocks does it take to make your mother cry	 None!
How did the redneck find the sheep in the tall grass	?... Very satisfying...
How do japanese chihuahuas say hello	 Konichihuahua
How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Why does it have to be a group activity?
How do you know when it is raining cats and dogs	 There are poodles everywhere!
How big was the ant when it knocked over the table	 giANT!!
How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone	 A Hans free device
How do you make a protester cry	 Tear gas
How do your organize a space party	 You planet! (It won't turn out well though because it has no atmosphere.)
How did the dyslexic American mathematician sing the first line of his national anthem	 "Oh secant, you say?"
How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb	 Do you have a ticket for that?
How did the puppeteer meet the President	 He pulled some strings.
How do you fit 5,000 Jews into a Volkswagen	 Two in the front, three in the back and the rest in the ashtray.
How did the geologist develop a career as an expert in sinkholes	 He fell into it.
How many elves does a german santa have	 Elf.
How many Sanders supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 Trick question, they can't change anything.
How do painters stay warm	 They add another coat.
How does a Russian Aeroflot pilot navigate	 By reading street signs.
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus weighed 4.2 kg	 Cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
how many cooks does it take to change a lightbulb	 one, and nine to stand around and say how they did it at their old job....
How do you find out if a dead man has autism	 You give them an autopsy
How do trees browse the internet	 They log in.
How long do you have to wait between naps	
How does Trent Reznor's mom hang up his Christmas stocking	 With a Nine Inch Nail.
How to live forever	 Hire a project manager to plan your death.
How do the Sith ascend	 Elevaders
How to make your ears pop	 Try some sparkly earrings.
How did the knight know that his armor was made in China	 He found a chink in it.
How do you catch a green elephant	 Paint him red and catch him with the red elephant trap.
How do Helen Keller's parents punish her	 They leave the plunger in the toilet.
How do you make a dog meow	 Put him in a wood chipper and listen to him go "meeeeowwww".
How many governments does it take to make an Egyptian happy	 I'll let you know when I find out...
How do mathematicians scold their children	 "If I've told you n times, I've told you n+1 times ..."
How do you tell if a chick's too fat to f*ck	 When you pull her pants down and her ass is still in them.
How do I like eggs	 Ummm...in a cake!
How do you call it when a girl kicks a boy in the groin during the first date	 Premature emasculation.
How many redditors does it take to repost a joke	 About four.
How does Harry Potter go down a hill	 By walking. JK. Rowling.
How do you help a choking pig	 With the Ham-Lick maneuver of course
How much resistance can a Buddhist monk endure	 Ohmmmmmm............?
How do you discipline your pet rock	 You hit rock bottom!
How does the Easter Bunny paint all of those  eggs	 He hires Santa's elves during the off-season.
How did Helen Keller break her arm	 She tried to read the speed limit sign.
How does a Japanese chihuahua say hello	 Konichihuahua
How many times can you celebrate a 29th birthday before people catch on	 -asking for a friend
How did the Endorian get to school every day	 Ewok'd.
How do you make a duck sing soul music	 Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.
How does AVON find so many women willing to take orders 	
How the hell is the director of the CIA unable to hide an affair	
How do black people get to Hogwarts 	 They go through wall 9 3/5
How long do I have to lay on the couch in the same position before I can call it "yoga"	
How disturbingly inappropriate would it be if "Thomas the Tank Engine" was set in early-1940s Germany	 #ThomasDieKleineLokomotive
How does one know a man is going to say something smart	..His senentences start with "A woman once told me.."
How does a blind skydiver know when to pull the parachute	 When the leash goes slack.
How do you kill a black widow	 You take away her food stamps.
How do you move a 2000 lb dinosaur	 Don't know?? Use DINO-MITE
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	 Ten tickles.
How do you make a baby drink	 You stick it in a blender.
How is an elephant like a wristwatch	 They both come in quartz.
How many ants does it take to rent a house	 Ten ants. ^lol
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One to screw in the light bulb, two to make a documentary about it.
How many dead babies, does it take to change a lightbulb	 ...not 7, because it's still dark in my basement
How many times should you check whether a sentence is written in English or Spanish	 Once.
How do you contact dead window cleaners	 Use a squeegee board.
How many palindromes do I know of	 Not a ton
How did Jack know exactly where to find the goose in the giant's castle	 He had *bean stalking* her.
How much does a dead elephant weigh	 A skele**ton**.
How is credit like cocaine	 Everyone just needs 1 more line.
How much horsepower does a mustang have	 1
How do you help a sick ghost feel better	 Give it a BOO-quet of flowers!
How are America and McDonald's similar	 They are both run by red-headed clowns.
How do you keep a homo in suspense	 I'll tell you in the morning.
How do u call a Boomerang that doesnt come back 	 a Stick
How do you describe the life of a redditor	 [removed]
How do you get a hippie off your door step	 Pay for the pizza and close the door.
How do you call the social media that your grandmother uses	 Instagran
How do you address a monster	 Very politely.
How did Barack propose to Michelle	 He got down on one knee and said: "I don't want to be obamaself"
How can you tell an Italian witch from an English one 	 By her suntan !
How is the RNC going to wash themselves of the reputation Trump has given them	 Lather, Reince, repeat.
How many apples grow on a tree	 All of them.
How does a jew make coffee	 Hebrews it
How does a mathematician deal with constipation	 He works it out with a pencil.
How do you stop a rooser crowing on Sunday 	  Eat him on Saturday !
How do you ask an Uber driver if he drives for Lyft, too	 Do you even Lyft bro? (I'll see myself out)
How do you find the click bait audience	
How does a fish always know how much they weigh	 Because they have their own scales!
How to insult a nerd "Is rhat an Apple Watch	"
How do you throw a party in Nigeria	 You stick a piece of bread to the ceiling
How many ADHD children does it take to change a lightbulb	 Lets go ride our bikes
How do you know it's time to clean up your room	 When the wifi signal doesn't come through.
How many Cowboys does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they have Giants for that kinda shit.
How can we be sure the government wasn't involved in the Kennedy assassination	 Well he's dead, isn't he? (Adapted from Neil Gaiman's *American Gods*)
How do you open a banana safe	 With a monkey. ^^^^I'll ^^^^see ^^^^my ^^^^way ^^^^out.
How often does Mary see her special friend	 Periodically.
How do you castrate an Amish man	 Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you ruin a good joke	 By posting it over and over on the same subreddit
How much for the mirror	 Ma'am that's the cover of Vogue
How do you find a British person in a crowd	 1. Shout 0800 00 2. Wait for them to shout 1066.
How many dead babies can fit inside a Bio-dumpster	 16.
How do you spot will smith in the snow	 Just look for the fresh prints.
How many millennials does it take to change a light-bulb	 One, but he has to create a safe-space where the light-bulb can go to avoid being offended that it's being replaced.
How did the desk lamp store manager feel when thieves stole all his lightbulbs	 He was delighted.
How you heard about the new bad breath removal strategy	 They call it the tic-tac tactic.
How is it that magic carpets are able to fly	 They are powered by turban engines.
How far do burgers go in school	 Through cowlege (then they get their 450 degrees!).
How many ears does Daniel Boone have	 He's got a right ear, a left ear, and a frontier.
How many cops does it need to change a light bulb	 None, they just beat the room for being black.
How did the aquarium win the battle	 Giant Fish Tanks.
How do you call a man without a body and a nose	 Nobody knows. Sorry if it is a repost
How many Google plus users does it take to change a lightbulb 	 All of them actually . Two to hold the ladder and one to change the lightbulb .
How did the black guy get his pilot's license	 He went to flight school, you racist bastards.
How does a ghost eat a hotdog	 By goblin it. Sorry
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb 	 Apparently not four as my basement is still dark
How do redditors get their water	 From a well, actually
How long does it take to eat a tire	 *A Goodyear*
How do they launch a champagne factory	 They throw a boat at it.
How do you kill a poet	 Give them real self confidence.
How do you describe every gf in one word	 K
How does grandma's chairlift work	 It has to do with nanatechnology.
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Hey wanna go ride bikes?
How do you surprise a blind man	 Stick a plunger in the toilet
How many unemployed actors does it take to change a light bulb	 100. One to change it and 99 to stand around and say, "Hey, I could've done that!"
How did Jared lose all that weight eating at Subway	 He just ordered off the children's menu.
How do stories from Justin Biebers early childhood begin	 "A few months ago
how are bi planes different from regular planes	 a lot of them have a wide open cockpit.
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	 Two, one to change the bulb and another to hold the penis. ladder! I meant ladder.
How do you make an orphans hands bleed	 Tell them to clap until daddy gets home
How did the barber win the race	 He knew a **short cut!** ^I'm ^sorry
How do they know Princess Diana had dandruff	 Because they found her Head n' Shoulders in the glove box.
How did Godzilla escape the trains	 He threw them off their tracks.
How should you send a letter to the Easter  Bunny	 By hare mail!
How to equally divide a cake among five people with only three cuts Slice three people with your knife and ask the last, "Do you also want a piece	"
How do you make a patty melt	 Give Marcie a strap-on.
How do you get the political science grad off your lawn	 Pay for the pizza
How do you get heaps of pikachu on to a bus	 You pokemon
How do Germans tie their shoelaces	 In little knotsies....
How does a vampire get through life with  only one fang	 He has to grin and bare it.
How do small people call each other	 On microphones.
How did Jesus get his beach bod for the summer	 Cross fit
How much do my arms have to weigh before I can be considered heavily armed	
How does Stephen Hawking commit suicide	 Alt-F4
How can you tell a rich Swiss from a poor Swiss	 The poor swiss washes his Mercedes by himself
How do you catch a squirrel	 Climb a tree and act like a nut.
How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes	 He feinted. (Sorry)
How can you tell soap operas are fictional	 In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed. 
How was there no jackass in a giant penis costume at the women's March	 That would of been hilarious. You would never see feminists beat a dick so hard.
How does ISIS turn on their water heater	 They light the pilot on fire.
How do you know that a elephant's been in the fridge	 There are foot prints in the butter. "
How many Missouri Police officers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They just shoot the room for being black.
How do you cook vegatables in the microwave 	 Take them out their wheelchair.
How do you get two priest to fight to the death	 Throw a small boy between them. How do you kill the other you ask? Throw in Michael Jackson.
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails	 Make him wear shoes.
How to get a girl to like you: 1. Become a lion tamer 2. Release a lion on her 3. Tame it right before it kills her 4. Take her to Chili's	
How do you know a vocalist is at your door	 She can't find the key and doesn't know where to come in.
How can you tell if someone's a redditor,in real life	 Ask them if they're on reddit. I'm sorry.
How do they separate the men from the boys in Athens	 With a crowbar.
How do you impress a baker when you're taking his daughter on a date	 Bring her flours
How can you tell an introverted Techie from an extroverted Techie	 An extroverted Techie looks at *your* shoes when he's talking to you.
how many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	 None; they're content to wander around in the dark pretending everything's okay.
How many chans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Lulz!!! etc etc etc :-D
How does Craig Venter drink beer	 Shotgun method
How does a cow quickly do math	 With a cow-culator! (Rimshot)
How do you get a blonde on your roof	 Tell her drinks are on the house.
How do you catch a rabbit	 Hide behind a tree and make carrot sounds.
How do you know a presidential candidate is lying	 Their lips are moving.
How do you excite an idiot	 I'll tell you later.
How do you save a Republican from drowning	 Take your foot off of their head.
How do computers measure pain	 Gigahurts. (Came up with this in the car on my way to school hopefully its original)
How do we know that insects are so clever 	 Because they always know when your eating outside !
How do you make an elephant sandwich	  First of all you get a very large loaf...
How many psychologists does it take to change a tire	 Just one, but first the tire really has to want to change.
How do you answer the question "What's new	" without sighing really loudly first?
How come Landscapers have huge loads	 They are always edging.
How does every ethnic joke start	 By looking over your shoulder
How do you get a woman from to be, to bed	 Give her the D.
How much does freedom weigh	 A WashingTon.
How does Pocahontas celebrate her Cake Day	 With a Pao Wow.
How many billionaires does it take to create a superhero	 Three: two to die and one to never get over it.
How are black people like Christmas lights	 Half of them don't work and the ones that do aren't that bright
How did the cow feel when it couldn't produce milk	 Udderly useless.
How do you like your juice	 I like mine gassy and concentrated.
How do you know when you are in bed with a witch 	 She has a big "W" embroidered on her pyjamas !
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	 I don't know. It kept breaking my guitar strings so I gave up.
How did the dollar bill feel when his change started disappearing	 Coincerned
How did people charge their phones before electricity	 They didn't...!
How do Itallian chefs swap emails	 By spaghett-e-mail!
How do you find an old man in the dark	 It isn't hard.
How do vampires keep their breath smelling nice	 They use extractor fangs.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting all the illegal immigrants	 Juan by Juan.
How do you get everyone to click on your post	 [NSFW] Put [NSFW] in the title.
How do you find Will Smith in winter	 You follow the Fresh Prince
How was your day	 -You know in Die Hard when he runs barefoot over broken glass? That bad? -Oh no. It's just a cool scene. My day was decent
How do you ask for a cigarette in spain	 Tapas a snout!
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Juan.
How many Women Priest are there	 Nun.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you start a powerful woman's movement	 Laxatives.
How did King George view the colonists	 He thought they were revolting
How does a New York University psychology major turn on his lights in the morning	 By opening the car door.
How does Darth Vader manage to eat through that mask	 He's force fed.
How did the fruits get married	 They Cantaeloped!
How does the recipe for German chocolate cake begin	 First, invade ze kitchen...
How does an attorney go to sleep	 First he lies on one side, then the other!!
How do you catch a Polar bear	 Cut a hole in the ice, place peas around the hole and when the Polar bear comes up to take a pea, you kick it in the icehole. :)
How many white people does it take to replace a light bulb	 One to hold the bulb, and the rest to screw the whole world.
How do you post a fish	 You send it COD ... or first bass mail
How does Batman's mother call him to dinner	 She doesn't, she's dead
How do you become a millionaire overnight	 Start off a billionaire then make a bunch of bad investments.
How do you pick up women in Waco, Texas	 With a DustBuster.
How can you tell a lawyer is lying	 Other lawyers look interested.
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ears pierced	 A buck an ear.
How do you get 1000 dead babies into the bed of a pickup truck	 A blender! How do you get them out? Nacho chips!
How do Canadians take care of their skin	 Maybe it's maple leaf.
How can you tell if your buddy is gay	 His dick tastes like shit.
How many passive aggressive people does it take to change a light bulb	 Don't bother, I'll do it myself.
How many LAPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two. One to beat the bulb for being broke, another to shoot the room for being black.
How do thunderstorms invest their money	  -In a combination of liquid assets and frozen assets
How do you know if an introvert likes you	 He looks at your shoes instead of his
How do you measure how funny an electrical engineer is	 You use an o-silly-scope!
How does a orphan change a light bulb	 They grab the stack of un-signed adoption papers, stand on top of them, then proceed to change the light bulb.
How do you know you have a high sperm count	 She's got to chew before swallowing.
How do you get in the 'Public Urination Club'	 Walk up to the nearest police officer and you're in.
How did the blond chip her tooth	 With her vibrator
How do you know the high heel was invented by men	 Who else invents things?
How do Batman's parents call him to dinner	 They don't; they're dead.
How many Buddhists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, change comes from within.
How do you call a man with a rabbit up his bum	 A bad magician
How do Reavers clean their harpoons	 They put them through the Wash.
How do you know it's midnight at the Neverland Ranch	 The big hand's touching the little hand.
How does a Korean walk a dog	 With a little bit of oil.
How do you get 30 drunk Americans out of the pool	 "Allahu Akhbarrrr"
How much liquor does it take before you start telling racist jokes	 For me, it's about three fifths.
How do you confuse an AP student	 Make the first 21 questions all be the answer C.
How does a young man make an old woman feel young again	 Elixir
How does Kylo Ren spend Father's Day	 Solo.
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero	 3, 2 to die and 1 to never get over it.
How did the Allies have time to prepare D-Day	 Because Russia was Stalin
How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	 *fish*
How many Feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Don't be silly, Feminists can't change anything!
How is a judge like an English  teacher	 They both hand out long sentences.
How many white cops does it take to change a light bulb	 Only one, as he'll just beat the room for being black.
How do you make a baby float	 2 scoops ice cream 1 scoop dead baby
How can you tell when a bar is haunted	 It's full of Boo's and Spirits.
how do you tell the difference between an extroverted engineer and an introverted engineer	 the extroverted engineer looks at *your* shoes.
How do most rappers build a following	 They go shopping at a department store.
How do you say goodbye to an epileptic	 Seizure later
How do you celebrate July 4th in Canada	 Not by getting drunk and blowing off your fingers, because it's just a regular day fir you.
How many hippies does it take to change a light bulb	 Hippies can't change anything. And they smell bad.
How do you make a cat go "Woof!"	 Soak it in petrol and put a match to it. (This is a joke, not and instruction, Reddit)
How do you get a baby astronaut to sleep	 You rock-et.
How do I know you're not a cop	 "If I was a cop, how would I have this?" *shows police badge that just says 'Not a Cop' on it* Oh, okay good
How did Hitler tie his shoelaces	 In cute little knotsies!
How is Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis similar	 They have Hogwarts
How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb	 I don't know, that's a good question.
How is being married like puttin' on a tin roof	 If you don't nail her good she'll be at the neighbors.
How do shellfish get high	 At a clam bake
How can you spot a racist in a crowd	 They're the ones shouting "Black Lives Matter!"
How do you circumcise a priest	 Kick a little kid in the jaw.
How come when someone goes to sit down and the seat is dirty they use their hand to wipe the seat then wipe their dirty  hands on their pants	 What was the point
How do you cut the Roman Empire in half	 With a pair of Caesars!
How do skunks like their e-mails	 Scent.
How do you get a Twinkie pregnant	 Put it in box of Ding Dongs. What is it afterwards? A HoHo
How can my wife's hands not open a jar of pickles in the day, but become superhuman vice-grips at night when I want some covers	
How many men do a feminist need to make her sandwich	 two. One from front and another from behind.
How do you keep a turkey in suspense	 ...... ...... ...... I'll get back to you in a few weeks
How can you tell when the blonde's boyfriend's birthday is	 when she has a belt-buckle imprint on her forehead
How do you call a sex doll when you can see the whites of its eyes	 Full
How long can one listen to a kid talk before it's officially considered a hostage situation	
How do you write an essay that blows people away	 With lots of drafts
How did the mystic respond when asked what he's doing tonight	 Your mommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
How do you cure depression	 A gun.
How does Hillary Clinton say goodbye	 "Seizure later!"
How do you get your girlfriend to fart	 Pull out
How did Harry Potter cross the road	 Walking Jk rolling
How can you tell if your wife is dead	 The sex is the same, but the dishes pile up.
How can you tell when a Serbian girl isn't wearing any underwear	 By the dandruff on her shoes.
How are tornadoes and women alike	 They both moan like hell when they come, and they take the whole damn house when they leave.
How many Libertarian Capitalists does it take to change a light bulb	 I ain't buyin those fancy *Tek-noh-lo-jikal* Big-Government ones. The free market idn't ready.
how many hitlers does it take to change a light bulb	 nein edit: i dont know if this is posted before, it probably has but i thought of it myself, no hate :3
How can you tell if an elephant's been to your birthday party	 Look for his footprints in the ice cream.
How does a _____ (insert race, occupation, etc. ) find his goat in tall grass	 Very satisfying
How do you know you're leading a sad life	 When a nymphomaniac tells you "Let's just be friends."
How do you tell your spouse you were fired from SpaghettiOs for honoring Pearl Harbor Day with a smiling cartoon noodle holding a flag	
How do you frighten a Bee	 Sneak up behind it and yell BOO BEE!
How many Passive Aggressive P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	 Oops.I can't believe I broke the last one. I guess you'll have to sit in the dark.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	 Just one. From Chuck Norris.
How long does it take to build a castle	 A Fortnight
How can you tell if there is a pilot in the room	 He will tell you.
How would you describe frankenstein's birth	 Shocking!
How does trump fire a gun	 He tells the bullet it's fired.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	 To get to the other side.
how many hipsters does it take to put in a lightbulb	 its a realy obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
How can you tell if a loaf of bread is a boy or girl	 Feel around for the dough nuts
How do we know Princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her head and shoulders in the glove compartment.
How did the pastry chef do on the donut-making exam	 She passed with frying crullers.
How did the pepper end up getting killed	 A salt with deadly weapon
How does Gandalf know he's pregnant	 A wizard is never late.
How do you disappoint a pack of redditors	 [removed]
How many physicists does it take to change a light bulb	 Two! one to change the light bulb and the other to rotate the universe!
How many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb	 Ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, "Pssh, I can do that."
How are the homeless like votes	 Republicans have them thrown out.
How does Dr. Dre like to be told a story	 Chronic-logically.
How do you make a 90's kid mad	 The game.
How does Father Christmas request a four-way at a brothel	 Ho ho ho
How do you know when you're turning 40	 When your candy jar is filled with Tums..... My wife just came up with that one... Birthday is next week.. Ugh
How many Tumblr women does it take to change a light bulb	 I WILL NOT BE A VICTIM!
how do you catch a unique bunny	 unique up on it. :) How do you catch a tame bunny? The TAME way!!! favorite cheesy joke.
How do you stop a clown from laughing	 Hit it in the face with an axe.
How do Orcs eat their food	 By goblin it down.
How did the hamburger introduce his girlfriend to his parents	 Meat patty
How do you help a paraplegic kill themselves	 Give them a push.
How Long is a Chinamen	 Yes he is.
How do you know Satan's barbeque ribs are good	 Cos they're trident tested. #noapologies
How does a bassist's brain cell die	 Alone.
How do you know Santa Claus is married	 He only comes once a year.
How does a Confederate flag and a rainbow flag differ	 The latter represents people that win.
How does a composer remember which groceries to buy	 She writes a Chopin Liszt.
How do you know if you're in a French Village	 If you see sap buckets on telephone poles.
How does a flower get pollinated	 Beez Nuts!
How many black people does it to pave a driveway	 One. You just have to spread him real thin.
How do you get a fat chick into bed	 Piece a' cake!
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced	 A buck an ear.
How do we know the Indians were the first  people in North America	 They had reservations.
How do you catch a Pokemon	 Dig a hole and put Ash Ketchum in it. Then when a Pokemon comes by, run up and kick it in the Ash-hole.
How do you know if Helen Keller just masturbated	 She spits when she talks.
How do you get a lot of people to check out your post	 Mark it NSFW
How does a german get to the airport	 He heils a taxi!
How many panhandlers dose it take to change a light bulb ''There's change in the light bulb	''
How do you make Instagram worthy coffee	 #nofilter
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb	 Just one, but it takes the entire emergency room to get it out.
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's House	 All right, all right, all right..
How many pallbearers are needed at an Indian funeral	 2, it only takes two people to carry a trash-can.
How did the dog's owner know his pet was angry  about having soap flakes for breakfast	 He foamed at the mouth.
How do you get a fool to read something	 Mark it as NSFW
How many vampires does it take to open the Curtain on Daylight	 Just one with depression.
How do you know when the moon is going broke	 When it's down to its last quarter.
How to know if a cat is male or female, from far 	 Put a cup of milk on the floor. If he comes it's a male and if she comes it's a female !
How many punks does it take to change a light bulb	 None. Punks never changed anything.
How did they know Princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
How do barmen surf the web	 On the Gin-ternet.
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass	 Very satisfying.
How come, "I'm sorry" and "I apologise mean the same thing... ....except when you say them at a funeral	
How did the dog feel when he lost his  flashlight	 Delighted.
How do they educate locomotive drivers	 They train them
How do you get Americans to join a World War	 Tell them it's nearly finished.
How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb	 One, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How do you encourage a potter while he's glazing his bowl	 "Way to go dude, you're kiln it!"
How Does An American Commit Suicide	 They jump off their high horse. ^^^ThisIsJustJoke
How do you know when there's a vegetarian at your bbq	 They'll tell you.
How do you tell if a girl is ticklish	 You give her two test tickles I will see myself out. Thank you and have a good day
How did the Catholic Priest finish the marathon	 He was second to Nun.
How many Harambe memes done an average human make a day	 Gorillif I know Front page here we come?
How do Australians sleep	 With their heads at the foot of the bed.
How did the police determine which turtle ate the diamond ring	 They conducted an in-turtle investigation.
How Many Surrealists Does It Take to Change a Light Bulb	 Fish
How bad does an atheist smell	 Ungodly
How does an eyelash, so soft and fine, turn into a cheese-grater when it gets under your eyelid	
How many guys in IT does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two. One to identify that the lightbulb has indeed burned out, and one to call the maintenence man to change the lightbulb.
How did feminism start	 Some guy forgot to lock the kitchen door
How do you keep an imbecile happy all his life 	 Tell him a joke when he's a baby !
How do you know your friend has been at the gym	 Don't worry, he'll tell you.
How do you get a hipster to take a shower	 Give them a leaky showerhead. You know, so they can avoid the main stream.
How much does a pirate pay for an ear piercing	 A buck an ear
How many Trumps	 How many trumps could donald trump trump if donald trump could trump trumps?
How do you fit an elephant in the subway	 You take the letter "S" out of "sub", and the letter "F" out of "way".
How do you stop a nigger from raping a girl	 Throw him a basketball
How many Economists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Depends on the supply and demand curve
How do you get a little old lady to say the "F" word	 Yell bingo.
How is Trump vs. Clinton like Godzilla vs. Mothra	 No matter who wins, the city will be destroyed.
How do trees use the Internet	 They log on
how do socks reproduce	 they have socks. goodnight folks
How are Cigarettes like Hamsters	 They're harmless until you put one in your mouth and light in on fire
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	 Wash her hand out with soap. ... rearranged the furniture. ... put her in a round room and told her to go sit in the corner.
How can you tell when a salesperson is lying	 His lips are moving.
How many lawyers does it take to stop a moving bus	 Never enough.
How is crossing an intersection like going to jail	 If you're a white man, you're free to walk.
How can you tell if your wife left you	 You get laid the same amount of times but the dishes start to pile up. Hey now!
How does Hitler tie his shoes	 In littles Nazis.
How I broke my cat's knees	 With rude eyes.
How did the Scottish man find the sheep in the tall grass	 Surprisingly pleasing.
How do you identify a baboon	 Easy, they stick out like a sore bum!
How did Dr Frankenstein pay the men who built  his monster	 On a piece rate.
How do you catch a unique bird	 Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird? Tame way you caught the unique bird.
How many men does it take to wallpaper a feminists house	 Only one, but you have to slice him REALLY thin!
How long does it take a monkey to fly a plane from LA to New York	 About 6 hours.
How did the Dairy Queen get pregnant	 The Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper!
How many lawyers does it take to shingle a roof	 Depends on how thick you slice 'em.
How do Russians drive to Alaska	 By bearing straight
How can you tell someone's a navy seal	 they'll tell you in their novel.
How do you make a slow reindeer fast 	 Don't feed it !
How does Snoop Dogg prepare for Christmas	 he raps his presents
How does a candy bar laugh	 It snickers
How is marijuana stock sold on the stock market	 Buy high sell higher.
How do you know when you are going to drown in milk	 When it's past your eyes.
How do you get a ghost to lie perfectly  flat	 You use a spirit level.
How can you get four suits for under $2.00	 Buy a deck of cards.
How do astronomers organize a party	 They planet
How does Bob Marley like his doughnut	 w' jammin it
How did Princess Aurora catch her prince	 She became a sleeper agent
How many verses did the Prophet Muhammad write	 Allah-t. Thanks for listening.
How does a boat captain determine his profit	 By using aquadratic equation. (Via my coworker)
How do you make a mailman cry	 You kill his family
How did the midget feel after sleeping all night in a coffin	 A little stiff.
How many cops does it take to push a man down the stairs	 None, he fell.
How do you keep an Idiot occupied	 [Click here to find out]( http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1v1wqm/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_occupied/)
How did the Burger King get the Dairy Queen pregnant	 He forgot to wrap his whopper.
How do you blind a woman	 You put a windshield in front of her.
How do skateboarders see	 So gnar
How many post-minimalists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two. On e to he lp with t he he lp with one two with and the oth there to {}}}}}}}}}}}}} and th e to two with lp he
How does the Navy separate the men from the boys	 ...with a crowbar.
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just 1 but it will take 3 episodes.
How do you make Manischewitz Wine	 Kick him in the nuts.
How do you catch an elephant	 Dig a hole, line it with peas and fill it with ashes. That way when the elephant comes to take a pea, you kick him in the ash hole.
How high are you	 No officer, it's hi, how are you.
How can you tell when a Software Developer is an extrovert 	 He looks at *your* shoes when he's talking to you.
How can you tell when a man pumping gas is a male porn star	 Right before the gas stops pumping, he pulls out the nozzle and sprays it all over the car.
How did the Haji find the goat in the tall grass	 Satisfying
How can you tell if a Redditor is a female	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many grains of sand are there in the world	 As many as 27. I'm referring to the number of times good ol' 27 was reposted.
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport	 By separating the good Juans from the bad Juans!
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just beat the room for being black.
How is your golf game	 Eh... It's sub-par.
How is a hailstone like an onion	  -They are both whitish and have layers
How does Norman Bates get to the Bates Motel	 He takes the psycho path! (I'll see myself out...)
How did the hipster burn their lips	 They ate the pizza before it was cool
How does a 49er fan change a light bulb	 He doesn't he just talks about how great it use to be
How did the mathematician solve his constipation problems	 The same way he solved all other problems: He worked it out with a pencil and paper.
How do we know Paul Walker had dandruff	 We found his Heads &amp; Shoulders in the glove box.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two, but they'd have to be really, *really* small.
How does Smaug copy files to a USB stick	 Dragon drop
How does a woman destroy a mans pride with 4 words	 Is it in yet? How does a man destroy a womans pride with 4 words? I don't know.
How heavy is a dumpling	 Wanton
How do you call Bob the Builder when he is unemployed	 Bob
How do you get a blonde on a roof	 Tell her drinks are on the house.
How do frogs manage to lay so many eggs 	 They sit eggsaminations !
How do you turn a cow into a steak	 You mootilate it.
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend	 He gave her a ring
How many A.D.D. kids does it take to change a light bulb	 Look a squirrel!
How is Microsoft like Bob Marley	 I do updates before I do updates. And then I do updates.
How is learning to ride a bicycle and 9/11 alike	 Because you never forget!
How do you change the light bulb in the dark	 You don't. The police shoot you.
How does a redheaded surgeon operate	 Gingerly
How does a nucleus get out of prison	 Through the cell wall. *Badum tss* :D
How many Estonians you need to build a house in Finland 	 Who knows, there is no tax record of it.
How am I supposed to make great life choices when I still use my fingers to count and sing the whole alphabet to see what letter comes next	
How do you get Akbar to shut up	 Muzzle'm.
How do you prevent a canoe from tipping	 Paint it black.
How do you know if someone went to Harvard	 They tell you.
How many aardvarks can ride on an elephant	 Six... three on the back and three in the trunk!
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Zero.
How do you get around fast on the bottom of the sea	 Skates!
How many homophones does it take to change a lightbulb	 Nun.
How do Germans tie their shoes	 In little nazis
How can you tell your boyfriend has gained weight	 You fit into his clothes.
How do thieves kiss	 They make out like bandits.
How does a mathematician swear	 Math-you.
How did the toad feel in the morning	 A little bit froggy
How did the newspaper go about reviewing the opera production	 They followed Standard Opera-rating Procedure
How do you celebrate Christopher Columbus day	 Barge into your neighbor's home and claim it as yours.
How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse at a hospital	 She's the one with the dirty knees.
How do you cure a mute coworker	 Tell them a secret
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	 One but he must consult the DSM-IV.
How much for the giant, walk-in medicine cabinet	 "Sir, this is a liquor store."
How was Snoop Dogg murdered	 Blunt force trauma.
How do you make a cat sound like a dog	 Pour gasoline on it and set it on fire : WOOF! How do you make a dog sound like a cat? Freeze it and put it thru a table saw: meeeeooooow
How far can you run into the woods	 Halfway, any further and you're running out.
how to be a good DJ	 press "PLAY" and don't touch anything ever again
How do you unpoopify water	 Boil the shit out of it.
How many guns do the US need to combat an enemy	 Two: one to shoot and one to sell him to shoot back.
How can you tell if someone is from New York	 They always talk about how they're from New York.
How do you call someone named olaf with ebola	 Ebolaf
How can you tell if an engineer is an extrovert	 They look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
How do you get over trophobia	 Look at the hole photo for 30 seconds straight
How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Irrelevant, you will be assimilated!
How did the medical community come up with the term "PMS"	 Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.
How did the Greek army separate the men from the boys	 With a crowbar
How do you start a rave in Uganda	 Tape a slice of bread to the ceiling
How many Microsoft executives does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None. They just redefine 'darkness' as an industry standard.
How do depressed people play the violin	 With a razor and their wrist.
How does Microsoft count to 10	 1, 2, 3, 95, 98, ME, NT, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	 AIDS
How did Geordi La Forge go blind	 He turned on the UV light in the Holodeck.
How much cash can you make robbing an Indian restaurant	 As much as you can curry.
How many tax advisors does it take to change a light bulb	 "In the summer there is a tax deductible convention in Hawaii dealing exactly with this issue."
How do you stop a Polish battletank	 Shoot the guy pushing it.
how much does a polar bear weigh	 enough to break the ice what's up girl my name is bill
How do you end a relationship fight	 You break it up.
How do you tell if someone is a metalhead, pot-smoker or pro-gay	 They never shut up about it! :D
How soft is Bill Gate's pillow	 Microsoft.
How do crabs get out of hospitals	 On crotches.
How does a cow do math	 With a cowculator!
How does Rudy Giuliani count to 10	 He doesn't; he skips 1-8 and says 9-11 ten times.
How do you ask someone if they're Vegan	 You don't need to, they'll tell you
how much onion does dad use in his bolognese	 shallot
How does an economist open a can of beans	 "Assume you have a can opener..."
How can U make a difference	 Good Mourning! *(this pun is baaad and I feel terrible about it)*
How does a mermaid give birth	 By sea-section!
How did Australians get ebola	 By eating at Outbreak Steak House
How do you beat the Islanders	 Give 'em a 3 goal lead
How many black metalheads does it take to change a light bulb	 100. 1 to change the light bulb and the other 99 to complain about how the old light bulb was much better.
How does a barnacle like its martinis	 On the rocks.
How long does it take a tweaker to go shopping	 An hour 5 minutes for the Ramen noodles and foil. 55 minutes to fix the squeaky shopping cart wheel.
How many Americans does it take to screw a lightbulb	 None. Their President outsources the job to India.
How many blacks does it take to start a riot	 -1
How did Hellen Keller burn her ear	 She answered the iron.
How do hens encourage their football teams	 They egg them on!
How do depressed frogs die	 They Kermit suicide.
How many nails are there in a lesbian's coffin	 None. It is all tongue and groove
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood	 "Trust Me..."
How does the Consigliere get into the Godfather's house late at night	 with his own set of donkeys!
How do you know if a Catholic girl puts out	 Ask her about her relationship with her father
How do you make a woman have an orgasm	 Who cares?
How does a CANDU reactor work	 By believing in itself.
How can we know atheism exists	 Where's the evidence?
How do you catch a whale	 You wait until last call and use a good pick up line.
How do you call a lesbian's pussy	 The no man's land. (From me, but that's an easy one, so someone must have come up with it before. But as a frenchman, I'm pretty proud of it.)
How can you tell which end of a worm is which 	 Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs !
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
How do you describe getting cancer on your resume	 As a real growth opprotunity
How do you call an insanely rich proton that spent all of his money to become an electron	 Ex centric
How do you milk a sheep	 Bring out a new iPhone.
How much is twelve units of mass	 Dozen matter.
How do you know if you are at a gay picnic	 The hot dogs taste like shit.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	 One but the lightbulb has to want to change.
How do you make endocrine	 Endocrine is not a hormone.
How are music and candy similar	 We throw away the rappers.
How do German women know when they're pregnant	 They're never late...
How did Kim Kardashian get her hands on Liberace's bath robe	 #GrammysRedCarpet
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change
How did the mermaid prostitute make all her money	 Blue whales
How do you know if a blonde has been in the refrigerator	 There's lipstick on the cucumbers.
How do you shut up a deaf person	 Punch them in the hands.
How did the hacker kill himself	 Overddos.
How did anybody express anger before the invention of the caps lock key	
How do soldiers tell if a woman is a genuine Red-Head	 If it's red on top, fire in the hole.
how do you know you are a real redneck	 you let your 12yr old daughter smoke in front of her kids.
How do you tell a good farmer	 He's outstanding in his field
How does a cactus do his math homework	 He uses a cacti-lator!
How many Nazi skin heads does it take to screw in a light bulb	 10, 1 to do it and 9 to back him up. Source: https://redandblackbritain.wordpress.com/humour/
How do you tell 2 Scotsmen apart	 You lift their kilts, and whichever one of them has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!
How does Brutus eat his salad	 With a knife and Caesar dressing.
How did the pedophile pianist get caught	 He accidentally let people hear him playing in D-minor.
How to eat	
How did the high speed car chase end	 Caught eem! Hahaaa caught eem.
How do you stop a metal from rusting	 Use some antioxidants
How does a Tyrannosaurus Rex scratch it's junk	 It squats down on a Triceratops.
How many IT professionals does it take to change a lightbulb	 Have you tried turning it off and back on?
How many women does it take to park a car	 A man.
How did we go from crappy gas station coffee to "Yes I'll pay $7 for you to put that in a cup for me"	
How do you say nachos in English	? Mine!
How do rain drops marry	  -They coalesce
How long is a short circuit	 As long as it takes to ***find*** it!
How do I know thieves are bad kissers	 Because apparently I make out like a bandit.
how many black live matters protester does it take to screw in a light bulb	 no one knows it was too dark to see them.
How can you make money fast	 Glue it to the floor.
How many confederate flag bearing husbands does it take to beat up their wives	 None, she fell down the stairs.
How do dogs like to have sex	 RUFF!
How many Frenchmen does it take to guard Paris	 No one knows, it's never been done before
How do doctors treat mesothelioma	 Asbestos they can.
How does an Alabama girl know she's in for a crazy night	 Her daddy says he wants her in bed by ten.
How do you tell the difference between a Pakistani wedding and an ISIS training camp	 I don't know, I just fly the drone
How do you say 50 cents name in Zimbabwe	 400 MILLION DOLLARS!!!
How many dead orphans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Obviously more than 10, cause it's still pretty dark in my basement.
How many people with no humor does it take to change a lightbulb	 One.
How do you get down off of an elephant	 You don't, you get down off of a duck.
How will Trump fund the wall	 He'll get the money from *wall* street
How do girls know when they are adults	 When they start to like spankings
How do you get a whale off a beach	 A whale-barrow!
How did the Fonz die	 Ayyyds
How did they keep the pilot out of the cockpit	 With an Allahu Lockbar.
How many NBA refs does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None, they only screw playoff games.
How does french cheese expire	 From age
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants	 Juan by Juan.
How do you sink a submarine full of blondes	 you knock on the door.
How do you tell if a woman is a feminist	 She'll tell you within five minutes.
How did Jesus stay in shape	 Crossfit
How can you tell there are two elephants in your fridge	 You have to put the partly-eaten dismembered body of your infant daughter in the freezer instead.
How to do fit ten popes in a vw bug	 Tell them to take off their hats
How is prison like quidditch	 The game ends when they catch the snitch
How do you best serve burned food	 Coal'd.
How many homeless people does it take to screw a light bulb	 does anyone know of any good jokes about homeless people.?
How did girls text before emojis	 Hey I can't wait to see you tonight! PARTY HAT MARTINI GLASS NOISEMAKER BEER MUG CAT DOG SUNGLASSES POOP
How do farmers find their sheep in tall grass	 Very satisfying!!
How can you tell elephants love to travel 	 They are always packing their trunk !
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris	 ......All of it.
How do you kill a troll	 Take away its internet access.
How does a Trumpie become a smooth talker	 Takes a laxative.
How do we fix boxing	 We can't. It's already fixed.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowplow	 Give her a shovel.
How does a lawyer name their kids	 Bill and Sue
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Only two. One person holds the bulb and the other blonde twirls the other blonde around.
How does a Bee get to work	 He catches a buzz.
How do skeletons communicate	 A cell bone. *just got it off a popsicle.
How much does wonton soup weigh	 One ton, but I don't know anyone that'd wantonly order it.
How many FIFA officials does it take to change a light bulb	 **None**. They operate in the **dark**.
How do you prepare for a party in space	 You Planet Thanks u/BostonCentrist
How many kidnapped children does it take to change a lightbulb	 I thought 12, but the basements still dark.
How do you prepare corn like Sean Connery	 Shuck it long, and shuck it hard.
How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles	 Trust me.
How do Astronauts screw in a lightbulb	 They don't: They screw in a vacuum.
How many chocolate bunnies can you put into an empty Easter basket	 One. After that the basket won't be empty.
How do you take your coffee	 **Barista:** How do you take your coffee? **Customer:** Ferguson Police **Barista:** Huh? **Customer:** Black, two shots.
How many ghosts does it take to change one lightbulb	 Zero. They don't exist.
How do you combat espionage	 Umbreonage
How do porcupines have sex	 Very..................... . carefully.
How does an astronaut cut his hair	 Eclipse it.
How do you make a cookie dance	 Throw a little dough at it!
How do you catch a polar bear	 First dig an ice hole. Then put a whole bunch of little green peas on the outside, and when the polar bear comes to take a pee you kick him in the ice hole.
How do computers learn to read	 C:/ Dos C:/ Dos Run Run Dos Run
How many Hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	 ...it's this really obscure number. You've probably never even heard of it. No big deal.
How do you milk sheeps	 With Apple accessories.
How did the pothead propose to his girlfriend	 "Marriage.. you wanna?"
How do you know a North Korean robbed your house	 All your printer paper is gone and when you look at the printer history it's all Kim Jong-un.
How does Google celebrate its birthday	 With a search party.
How do you find and old man in the dark	 Just feel around. It's not hard.
How do you turn fruits into vegetables	 Drive a bus through a pride parade
How do you handle a redheads anger	 Gingerly.
How long does it take to drive across France	 3 days by panzer
How do you turn a link on r/jokes purple	 You choke the shit out of him
How do you annoy a Worldnews redditor	 Comment after reading the article.
How do you spell "we" with two letters  without using the letters W and E	 U and I.
How many copies can you make of a page without a copying machine	 Xero.
How long is one minute	 It depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
How can you spell chilly with two letters	 IC (icy) .
How do you confuse a straight person	 LGBTQ+
How do you know that a plane from the UK has landed	 An hour after its landed its still whining.
How many koalas does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Technically just one, as long as he's koalafied.
How many Poaz does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	. None she is the joke
How did the trout become a symbol for Christianity	 Easy. By dropping "trou"
How chi was the Olympics	 So chi
How does Lady Gaga like her meat	 Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah
How do Alaska CB radio operators say  "10-4"	 "5-5-2-2."
How many	 How many people making how many people does it take to change a light bulb take to change a lightbulb?
How do you tell a joke about ISIS	 It's all about the execution
How do you turn on a female mathematician	 You Euler up.
How many cats sawed in half does it take to change a lightbulb	 Apparently 10 aren't enough :\
How do you find will smith in a snowstorm	 You look for fresh prints
How do they call women that don't suck dick	 They don't call them at all.
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, that's a hardware problem.
How does batman order his iced water	 "Can I get that..Just ice"
How are an alcoholic and necrophiliac similar	 Both enjoy cracking open a cold one.
How are babies and strippers alike	 They're fun to play with but I wouldn't want to take one home
How many dogs does it take to change a tampon	 26
How do you know when you're staying in a hillbilly hotel	 When you call the front desk and say, "I gotta leak in my sink," and the clerk replies, "okay, Go ahead."
How does Donald Drumpf change a lightbulb	 He doesn't. He hires people with long fingers to do it for him.
How many men do you need to defend Paris	 I have no idea. Nobody ever tried.
How many graphic designers does it take to change a light bulb	 Does it have to be a light bulb? 'Cause I had this other idea...
How do you seperate the men from the boys	 A crowbar.
How do you know when there's a lead singer on your porch	 They can't find the right key and don't know when to come in.
How did the electron board the train	 It lepton
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb	 The answer may shock you.
How are you going to pay the Chihuahua who helped  you to set up your computer	 With dog diskettes!
How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb	 One.
How do stoners travel	 On the canna-bus.
How many startup CEOs does it take to change a light bulb	 Change a light bulb? Pfft! We are game changers.
How do you increase a pirates morale	 mor ale
How many Metropolitan Police does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How did the firefly feel when he flew into the fan	 He was de-lighted
How are you related to the sun	 Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
How do you separate Siamese triplets	 WE CUT OUT THE MIDDLEMAN AND PASS THE SAVINGS ALONG TO YOUUUUU!!!
How to make a charity 1. find someone in need 2. Create an organization and donate all revenue to said someone 3. 	?? 4. nonprofit
How did the man get stuck at the Russian airport	 He got snowden.
How do you get two whales in a Mini Cooper	 Take the M4, across the Severn Bridge.
How did the Pillsbury Dough Boy Die	 A Yeast Infection
How can you recognize a Gnome Pig	  They're the ones with the little red hats.
How many germans does it take to change a light bulb	 One, we have no time for humour.
How do you fix a Jack O Latern	 With a pumpkin patch!
How do cows communicate	 Moorse code.
How to get a divorce Wife: Honey, how do I look	 Husband: Like a.. Well, great! Wife: Good great or bad great? Husband: Overflowing sewer grate.
How do you find a blind man on a nudist beach	 It's not hard...
How do they pick kids for the Make-A-Wish Foundation	 Natural selection.
How do pirates sing the ABC's	 abcdefghijklmnopq AAAAARRRRRR stuvwxy and z
How many Budists does it take... How many Budists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. The change, if needed, will come from within.
How many vowels are in the word 'vowel'	 Four. O, double-u and e.
How does Tony Stark keep his clothes wrinkle-free	 Iron, man.
How are Oscar the Grouch and the Olympic Diving Pools in Rio de Janeiro similar	 They're both green, smell like farts, and will stay that way for 47 years.
How did the firefly react when he was stepped on	 He was delighted.
How do we know God likes condoms	 Because Adam was ribbed for Eve's pleasure
how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	 She starts to fit your wife's clothes. Yes, I know this isn't OC. Nothing on reddit is.
How did the hippie remember the number of wives he had	 He counted 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi, 4 Mississippi...
How do you...	 How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? Give it aids.
How does Tom Brady like his soda	 Flat.
How can you get hundreds of women wet all at once	 Go to a john mayer concert!
how do you get over the heartache of an ex whose cat ur never gonna see again	
How many teenage girls does it take to change a lightbulb	 11. 1 to change the lightbulb & 10 to take 200 photos of it & clog my newsfeed.
How many nuns are there in a temple	 Nun.
How do the Lanisters make large beds	 They put two twins together to make a king.
How did Jack get rich	 His bean-stock went up.
How do you keep a Redditor busy for hours	 [This joke is a repost. Find the original post for the punchline.]
How do Ghosts lay foundations	 With a spirit level!
How do you organize a Space Party	 You Planet.
How does Santa Claus take pictures	 With his North Pole-aroid.
How do you find out what's in an e-cigarette	 Just ask someone not to smoke it next to you.
How do you walk a chicken on a leash	 You pullet.
How often do I think about Keira	 Knightley.
How was the bird able to pass his math test	 He was winging it.
How do trees get on the Internet	 They log in.
How do you make dill bread	 Dill dough.
How many terrorist jokes are there out there	 You'll have to c-4 yourself.
How many German does it take to take down a plane	 One. Because he's very efficient and silent while doing it.
How do you get a male cat "fixed"	 Get him Catstrated
How many retards does it take to change a light bulb	 Well, line up so that I can find out..
How did the man feel when he got a big bill from  the electric company	 He was shocked.
How do you know if somebody does crossfit	 They are probably in better shape than you.
How does Michael Jackson Beat It	 With the Jackson Five
How often does jet fuel melt steel beams	 9/11
How do hens encourage their football teams 	 They egg them on !
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live	
How many scientists it takes to change a lightbulb	 None *et al.*
How do you know a girl is into you	 Just pinch yourself, if you don't wake up, she doesn't.
How do lumber theives offload their stolen goods	 They fence it.
How did Sherlock reply to Watson's inquiry, "Sherlock, where did you get all of these lemons	" "A lemon tree, my dear Watson."
How did Peter Parker know Mary Jane was cheating on him	 He spied her man.
How can you tell if someone who's having a  temper tantrum is on the phone	 You get a tizzy signal!
How did the cheerleader get magic AIDS	 A Magic Johnson.
How was the bear able to move in order to get honey	 It had muscles.
How do you say "Fuck You" in Yiddish	 Trust me!
How can you tell a hippie's been in your house	 He's still there when you get home. What's he say when you tell him to leave? "Na, 'ma stay"
How much wood... ...could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck was Chuck Norris	 *All of it.*
How many virgins do I get from dying of embarrassment	 Does anyone know?
How do you weigh a whale	 On Whale Weigh Scales.
How many short term memory loss patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 to get to the other side..
How do the Jedi imprison Siths	 With force-fields
How would you get four reindeer in a car	 Two in the front and two in the back! And how do you get four polar bears in a car? Take the reindeer out first
How did Chad Kroeger lose a quarter	 Everyone who bought his tickets wanted their nickelback
How do you cover 12 holes with one hole	 Take a flute and shove it up your ass.
How do you know tickle me Elmo is male	 Because before he leaves the factory they give him two test tickles.
How can you tell that the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky	 Because it is not called a teethbrush.
How do you get an Aussie to climb up on the roof	 Tell him drinks are on the house.
How do you know a woman is wearing tights	 - Her knees swell up when she farts.
How do they fit all that money inside such a tiny credit card	??
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they'll just pass a law against light bulbs and then wonder why it's dark.
How do you end beef with someone	 With the assistance of your friend, use a machete to chop the cow into pieces.
how did the Imam order his dessert	 Allah mode
How do you tell when somebodies a vegan	 You don't, they will tell you.
How many SJW's does it take to change a 90w lightbulb	 Did you just assume my wattage??? FLICKERED
How do you find the circumference of a sheep	 Use shepherds pi
How did Djengis Khan found Mongolia	 One steppe at a time.
How did Helen Keller get punished	 Her mom rearranged the living room
How do you mess with a blind person	 Leave the plunger in the toilet.
How do you put elephant in the fridge	 - Answer is open the door and just put the elephant in the fridge.
How do dog catchers get paid	 By the Pound!
How do you order food at a Muslim restaurant	 Allah carte.
How are asymptotes like women	 You can get close to it, but you can't touch it
How come you never see a pregnant Barbie	 Because Ken comes in a different box!
How do you stop a dog from barking in July	 Shoot him in June.
How did the footbal pitch end up as triangle	 Somebody took a corner!
How do lesbian couples celebrate their anniversary	 By eating out.
How do you make a cat go 'woof'	 Douse it in gasoline and set it alight.
How are the Seahawks and my girlfriend similar	 they both can get 16 shoved down their throat without choking
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag 	 You take the "F" out of way.
How did the scarecrow get a promotion	 He was outstanding in his field.
How come Americans never play chess	 Because they are missing two towers.
How many literalists does it take to change a lightbulb	 One.
How do you annoy a Redditor	 [deleted]
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth	 He ate pizza before it was cool.
How to tell an Irishman from a Scotsman on St. Patrick's day	 One wants to stay drunk all the time and the other doesn't want to pay the tab.
How does a barber make phone calls	  He cuts them short.
How do you keep a lawyer from drowning	 Shoot him.
How Do You Make A Blind Man Angry	 Give him a basketball and ask him what it says.
How many sad soccer fans are there today	 A Brazillion...
How many of those brownies did you eat, private	 "All of them sir!" "That was my stash private." "Negative sir it was labeled private!"
How do you defend your breath mints	 Tic-Tactically.
How do you get an LSU football player to stop masturbating	 Paint his penis crimson and white, and he'll never beat it.
How will Hillary Clinton keep the economy up	 She won't, a secretary will.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	 It only takes two mice to screw in a light bulb. The hard part is getting them in there.
How does a blonde high-five	 She smacks herself in the forehead. 
How did the world's tallest monster become short overnight	 Someone stole all his money.
How did the hipster break his neck	 He jump off the diving board before it was pool.
How does a black woman fight crime	 She has an abortion.
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern	 With a pumpkin patch!
How do you make a goldfish old	 Take away the G.
How many Hitlers does it take to change a light bulb	 Nein
How many programmers do you need to fix a light bulb	 None, it is a hardware issue!
How did the hairdresser escape	 John Frieda.
How do you stop the government from making a pipeline across your land	 You Sioux them.
How do mathematicians solve constipation	 They just work it out with a pencil!
How do you play Taliban bingo	 B-52...F-16...B-1..
How to ruin a joke on Reddit	 Misspell the paunch line.
How can you spot a blind man in a nudist colony	 C'mon, it's not hard...
How do you circumcise a guy from Florida	 By punching the nearest ten year old boy in the back of the head.
How do you flirt with a calligraphist	 Say, "You have pretty I's!"
How many Dragonball characters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but it takes him 20 episodes.
How does the sexiest man in the world tell a joke	 Like this.
How are Harambe memes keeping up	 Cincinnati Zoo keeps trying to shoot them down. Edit: Spelling
How do you know when a white girl recently visited her friends grave	 There's Starbucks next to the headstone.
How do you know which tree is the jew	 It doesn't drop apples.
How are socks like Boy Scouts	 They always come pre-paired.
How did Mark Zuckerberg meet Miley Cyrus	 Social net twerking
How do you make a dog float	 Take two scoops of ice cream a couple of squirts of soda and a small dog.
How many Russians does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two. One to hold the bulb and other to drink until the room spins.
How do secret agents complement a disguise	 "Hey James, that disguise is incogNEATo!"
How many passive-aggressive people does it take to change a lightbulb	 Oh never mind, I'll just sit here in the dark...
How do the greek separate the men from the boys	 With a crow bar.
How are a frying pan and a beautiful woman similar	 You have to get them both hot before you put the meat in.
How does the beer brewer get around with a broken ankle	 He hops.
How many girlfriends does it take to change a lightbulb	 I don't know...
How can you tell if you're on a Starcraft diet	 Not enough minerals.
How do you know someone's an engineer	 No worries they will tell you
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, Change has to come from WITHIN!
How do Italian Chefs swap recipes	 By Spaghett-e-mail!
How do you know if someone's a vegan	 When you ask them "Are you a vegan?" and they say "Yes".
How many people live in South America	 A Brazillion
How much alcohol does it take to get a black person drunk	 About three fifths.
How many fishermen does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to do the changing and another to talk about how the last bulb was bigger.
How do you get a baby to stop choking	 Take your dick out of its mouth.
How do you stir up the politics in a Coca Cola drink	 You add ices.
How do cows move in groups	 Si-MOO-taniously
How can you tell a male dinosaur from a female dinosaur	 Ask it a question. If he answers it's a male; if she answers it's female.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb 	 Nein.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway	 You take the S out of SAFE and you take the F out of WAY
How do you know when your girlfriend is putting on too much weight	 She starts fitting into your wife's clothes
How do you know when someone's read the Game of Thrones books	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart	 You take the 'S' out of Safe, and the 'F' out of Way.
How do you sink a polish ship	 you put it in the water
How much did the pirate pay for corn	 A buck an ear!
How many native Americans does it take to change a light bulb	 About seven. One to change the bulb, six to sing the song.
How many blonds does it take to change a light bulb	 Three. One to hold the light bulb and two to spin the ladder."
How do you get an elephant out of a Safeway	 You take the '*F*' out of '*Safe*', and the '*F*' out of '*way*'.
How did the handyman feel after going to the bar	 He was hammered.
How many raisins do I have to add to this bag of M&Ms before it qualifies as trail mix	 One? I say one.
How do you always keep your shoes tied	 Replace the laces with earphones.
How's your day been	 Grape!
How much is 5Q and 5Q	 10Q. "You're welcome.  "
How do you spell that	 t-h-a-t
How does a grizzly catch fish	 With his bear hands!
How do you get "Dick" from "Richard"	 You ask him nicely
How can a redneck tell his twin sisters apart	 By taste.
How did Sarah Palin see Russia from her house	 She didn't, it was just an Aleutian.
How do you get a blonde on the roof	 Say the drinks are on the house
How does a bull stay warm on a bitterly cold day in January	 He goes into the barn and slips into a warm Jersey.
How many members of an identifiable group does it take to perform a common task	 A certain number! One to actually perform the task, and the rest to act in a manner stereotypical of the group.
How do elephants hide themselves in the jungle	 They paint their testacles red and climb in a cherry tree. What's the loudest noise in the jungle? Monkeys eating cherries.
How did Vikings send secret messages	 By Norse code!
How do you get Lady Gaga attention	 P-p-p-poke her face.
How does good king Wenceslas like his pizza	 Deep pan, crisp, and even.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant	 He forgot to wrap his whopper!
How do you know if your little  brother is turning into a fridge 	 See if a little light come on whenever he opens his mouth !
How many sovereign citizens does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They're too afraid of the electricity.
How can you tell if someone is ticklish	 You use test tickles
How do you get over a crush you've had since high school	 Leave the dungeon door unlocked.
How is a computer like an air conditioner	 They both stop working properly when you open windows.
How do you find the Pun Bar	 You just walk into it
How do you find will smith in the snow	 You look for fresh prince.
How many cafeteria staff does it take to  change a light bulb	 "Sorry we closed 18 seconds ago and I've just cashed up."
How does Hitler turn on his lights	 Aulightschwitz.
How is Wolverine's love life similar to a mishap at the laundromat	 Someone else goes home with their Jeans.
How do you know the Japanese mass murderer was a chef	 He spent his day cutting up vegetables
How does a communist do well in school	 He gets good marx.
How many feminists does it take to dismantle the patriarchy	 None. Once they shut up, no-one has any reason left to oppress them :)
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb	 Two: One to change it, and the other one to change it back again.
How many dead hooker's in your basement does it take to change a light bulb	 Well, it's not 4
How does Sean Connery shave	 Ctrl+esh
How many pork chops does it take to change a lightbulb	 I don't know; it's lard to tell.
How many Police officers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How do you prepare a Gorilla  sundae	 Your start getting it ready Fridae and Saturdae!
How long is the flight	 A Polish man calls up an airline. "How long is the flight from Chicago to Warsaw?" "One minute..." "Thank you." *click*
How can you tell if someone's a vegan	 Oh don't worry, *they'll tell you*.
How do you get a cut-price parrot 	 Plant bird seed !
How do you blend in at a bald convention	 Chemo-flage
How do you kill a giraffe	 Punch him in the throat.
How does Schrodinger apologise	 Sorry not sorry
How do you say 'The Torah' in German	 Kindling.
How did you feel when you found out Obama was half white and half black	 Because I had mixed feelings.
How do you feed a skyscraper	 "Here comes the aeroplane!"
How man hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	 It's an obscure number, your probably never heard of it.
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself	  With a hare dryer!
How can you tell if a Finnish guy likes you	 He's staring at your shoes instead of his own.
How do you tell which nurse is the head nurse	 shes the one with dirty knees
How's it going	 "I'm so glad you asked, really need to talk to someone right now" You're supposed to say 'fine' & ask how I am. Bye.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall red	 Depends on how hard you throw them
How do you think the unthinkable 	 "With an itheberg." - Mike Tyson
How do you look for Will Smith	 Look for Fresh Prints
How do you know an angle is dead	 When it shows no vital sines
How do you make a fireman cry	 Kill his family.
How did one goldfish get the attention of another goldfish	 He yelled, "A u, fish!"
How do you fix a broken website	 With stick e-tape.
How do you know when you're in a true, tough lesbian bar	 Even the pool tables have no balls
How do you spot a egocentric vocalist	 They warm up singing, 'Mi, mi, mi.... Mi!'
HOW DO PIGS TALK	 SWINE LANGUAGE.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How can you tell if a hippy came to your house	 He's still there.
How did horses get to America in the 1700's	 On the Hayflower!
How many heretics does it take to change a lightbulb	 We're not sure, they've yet to see the light.
How does a watch maker tell you he likes you	 With a romantic tock.
How did I get from Afghanistan to Iraq	 Iran.
How many 9GAGers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Exactly the same amount as the Redditors on /r/AdviceAnimals and /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu .
How do you make a sheep jump off a cliff	 Put a redneck behind it.
How are Michael Jackson and McDonalds similar	 They both put 40 year old meat in between 8 year old buns.
How many non-sequiturs does it take to change a light bulb	 Yes
How easy is it to stroll along on pies	 Well, it's no cakewalk.
How many pancakes can you fit into a dog house	 None because ice cream doesn't have bones.
How does everyone have so much to say	 All I want to do is eat and stare at stuff.
How do you know if you have a tough mosquito 	 You slap him and he slaps you back !
How much rest does a bad Sheppard get	 Not a ton, he has a lot of sheepless nights.
How does a Trigonometry teacher appreciate his girlfriend	 "Oh baby, you are so (1/cos C)" !!!
How many indie kids does it take to change a lightbulb	 none because There is A Light That Never Goes Out.
How does John Lennon get his kids to eat their vegetables	 He tells them to "Give Peas a Chance"
How do you know when you've run out of invisible ink	 When your writing becomes visible.
How do you keep your dog young for longer	 [Terrible OC] Keep them stored in some quality... pupperware!
How many tickles does it take to make a japanese girl laugh	 Ten Tickles
How many choir directors does it take to change a light bulb	 No one knows. No one ever watches the choir director.
How often do you hear element jokes on Reddit	 Periodically!
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway grocery bag	 You take the "S" out of safe and the "F" out of way. One of my all time faves. If you say it out loud it will make sense :D
How come when my kid wants to show me something, she has to place it directly inside my cornea	
How many LA cops does it take to change light bulb	 Six. One to do it and five to smash the old bulb to splinters.
How do you keep someone curious	 I'll tell you on my next post
How much would you have to pay a teacher to flunk your kid so he has to go to Summer School	 Just planning ahead...
How are a tupperware container and a walrus alike	 They both like a tight seal.
How do you know if a Korean gang robbed your house	 Because all the rice is gone, and three hours later, they are still trying to back out of your driveway.
How did the sailor stranded on an island with a calendar survive a year	 Eating the dates and Sundays.
How does an Alcoholic teach the ABC's to their children	 Backwards.
How do Japanese people ask for rice	 Samurais?
How many dead hookers does it take to replace a light bulb	 At least more than eight, the light in my basement still doesn't work...
How do you know a girl with leprosy likes you	 She gives you the eye.
How many Nazis does it take to finish a race	 None, Nazis can't finish a race.
How do you know the rules of football was written by an Italian	 You switch sides at half time.
How many monkeys does it take to write a Shakespeare novel by accident	 As many as it takes /r/jokes submitters to write an original joke. (by accident)^^^
How do you know Princess Diana has dandruff	 They found her Head and Shoulders in the glovebox.
How did Rihanna know Chris Brown was cheating on her	 She found the other girls lipstick on his knuckles.
How do you say gonorrhea in Russian	 Rotchurcockov.
How do you turn a duck in to a soul singer	 Put in the oven till it's Bill Withers.
How do I know Sarah's a vegetarian	 Because I've me herbivore.
How did the calf's final exam turn out	 Grade A!
How do you spot a blind man in a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How do you measure the speed of circumcisions	 Mohels per hour
How are PCs different from woman	 I know how to turn a PC on.
How do you find the pilot at a party	 He'll tell you.
How to spot an idiot at the gym	 They put a water bottle where the Pringles go.
How did the Hipster burn his tongue	 He ate pizza before it was cool
How does your stomach know to send the burps to the mouth and the farts to your bum	
How would you rate an average upholstery job upon completion	 Eh. Sew-sew.
how can you tell if you have amnesia	 what was the question?
How Many Kids With A.D.D Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb	 Wanna go ride bikes??
How much room does a fungi need to grow	 As *Mushroom* as possible!
How do you make a hamburger green	 Find a yellow cheeseburger and mix it with a blue one!
How can one get rid of the echo while playing a movie	 Get some furniture
How are dogs and addicts similar	 They both have PAWS
How does an Australian call his friend from the Czech Republic	 Czechmate
How many Hindus does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they will keep worshipping in dark.
How does a sea urchin search the internet	 sea urchingine
How do you call a dog that likes to be on the Internet	 A Labragoogle.
How do you call it, when the internet is not working in Germany	 "InterNEIN"
How do vampire football players get the mud off	  They all get in the bat-tub.
How do you make a woman blind	 Put a windshield in front of her.
How do you fix a deaf car	 With an engin*eer.*
How do you tell if a girl in Nebraska is a virgin	 She can outrun her brothers... *mic drop* "I'm out..."
How did the anus win against the race car driver	 He rectum
How do you enter an Egyptian's tomb	 Tut-an-kham-en
How many r/jokes commenters does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know but that reminds me of a similar joke my uncle used to tell...
How much does the average Hipster weigh	 About 74,000 Insta-grams.
How does a black women know if she's pregnant	 All the cotton on her tampon has been picked off.
How much do I trust reddit	 I went on /r/starwars before seeing the new Star Wars.
How many US cops does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they arrest the room because it's black.
How do you know if your friend has an iPhone	 They tell you.
How many Avatar characters does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. It will change when the fire nation attacks
How many boxers does it take to change a light bulb	 One. They're used to having their lights knocked out.That joke turned dark fast. I'll see myself to my respective corner.
How did the triangle congratulate the other triangle after hooking up with pentagon	 3edgy5me
How do you starve a black person	 Hide their welfare check under their work boots.
How loud is John Cena	 #xDb
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport from millions illegal immigrants	 By conducting a **Juan on Juan** meeting with every Juan of them.
How sure are we that one of Nicki Minaj's parents isn't just a stick of cotton candy	
How are redditors and nazis similar	 They both love gold trains.
How does a group of dolphin's make a decision	 Flipper coin!
How does a black woman stop crime	 She gets an abortion.
How do frat boys cut down trees	 With a sah, dude
How do we know Jesus was a man	 We've had to wait 2,000 years for his second coming.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant	 He didn't wrap his Whopper
How do you get a one armed Italian out of a tree	 You talk to him!
How do you describe Neapolitan ice cream to someone	 Your two favorite flavors plus strawberry
How many tickles does it take to make a octopus laugh	 TEN Tickles LuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuL
How many 9 year olds does it take to change a lightbulb	 Over 20, as my basement is still dark.
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 How much money are we talking about here?
How many performance artists does it take to change a lightbulb	 I don't know, I left early.
How did the vegetable farmer fix his flat tire on his truck	 with asparagus...
How do you reward a chicken journalist	 With a poulette surprise!
How long can a frog hold its breath underwater	 Until it croaks...
How do you win a Scandinavian race	 By crossing the Finnish line!
How does an Apple Watch owner know that it's midday	 It's already run out of battery.
How about a dirty joke	 the new born white duckling fell into the mud. the filthy, filthy mud.
How many Blondes does it take to bake chocolate chip cookies	 10....one to bake the cookies, and 9 to peel the M&amp;Ms
How did the captain describe the newborn puppy	 son-of-a-b***h..!!!
How do you know you're kissing a french horn player	 They try to stick their hand up your butt.
How do you call a game console named after an MMA fighter	 Nate DS
How do you know that Ash Ketchum is a pervert	 Because he always takes a Pik-at-chu
How can you tell if someone has Alzheimer's	 A. How can you tell if someone has Alzheimers?
How Do You Make Spider-Man Cry	 Cook him some Uncle Ben's
How to you know that cows will be in heaven	 It's a place of udder delight.
How do I tell a guy that I'm only interested in him because I'd like to take selfies with his puppy	
how to find a girl in pic on Internet	 don't find any result on Google
How many eggs does a Frenchman need	 One, because that's an Oeuf.
How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight	
How do cannibals pick up women	 With a fork
How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes	 Constant ripostes.
How do you know when there's a lead singer at the door	 The knocking is all out of rhythm, they can't find the key, and they never know when to come in!
How fuckin' good do babies smell!	 I wanna jam one up each nostril and rob a bank!
How do you sink the Polish navy	 Put it in water
How do you keep an idiot busy for 3500 years	 Give them a bible
How do you get a frog out of a paper bag	 Ripit
How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They can't change anything.
How many Dornishmen does it take to shoe a horse	 Nine. One to do the shoeing, and eight to lift up the horse!
How did the hipster burn her tongue	 She ate her soup before it was cool
How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh	 Ten tickles
How do fish make calls	 On a shellphone! My 7 year old self was very proud of coming up with this one....
How do cats eat spaghetti 	 The same as everyone else - they put it in their mouths!
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Fish
How does Donald Trump get the dishwasher going	 He pushes Melania out of bed.
How do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking...	 ...WMD40.
How do black people like their eggs	 Poached
How many girlfriends does it take to change a light bulb	 It has to change for itself.
How do you make $3 million in 48 seconds	 Ask Ronda Rousey!
How do you offend a white person	 Tell him he cant tell racist jokes.
How many stoners does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, the room is already lit.
How do Buddhist monks send emails	 They remove all attachments.
How do u castrate a priest 	 Kick the alter boy in the chin ;)
How many political idealists does it take to change a light bulb	 None, political idealists can't change anything.
How do you spell "laughing out loud" by using binary	 1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1
How many surrealist does it take to change a lightbulb	 Fish
How is useless meat around vagina called	.. ... women.
How much does Dickbutt make an hour	 Minimeme wage
How did one tire get the attention of another tire	 pssssssssssst
How many millennials does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two. One to do it, the other to give him his ribbon.
How do you make a dog stop humping your leg	 Pick him up and suck his dick.
How do you get to Shepherds Bush	 Up the Shepherd's leg!
How Many Tourettes Sufferers Does It Take To Change A Lightbulb	 Penis.
How do you know someone is from California	 They tell you.
How are men like noodles	 They are always in hot water they lack taste and they need dough.
How did Jared lose 40 pounds	 He dumped his girlfriend
How are peanut butter and jelly related	 They're inbred
How many buddhists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, the enlightment comes from within.
How does James Bond type e-mails	 With his goldfinger.
How do you lead a horse to water	 With lots of carrots.
How do you keep an asshole in suspense	
How come nobody created this obvious children's toy	 Squeaky Fromme dolls. Think about it. They'd make good doggie chew toys too....
How did Trump describe his trip to the bathroom	 It was a movement like the world has never seen before.
How many cops dose it take to change a light bulb	 5 one to replace the bulb and 4 to beat the room for being black.
How an Illuminati living in the arctic is called	 An Igloominati
How do you stop clowns from attacking you	 Go for the juggler
How come no one tries to blow up the Pope	 I thought he was inflatable.
How does a Gorilla become another animal	 When a Mafia don hires a 'big Gorilla' to be his bodyguard and the  big Ape goes to the cops and turns into a stool pigeon!
How do programmers get a sixpack	 int[][] abs = new int[2][3]
How did the pilot like his hotdog	 Plane.
How do you get your stomach pumped	 Swallow a speaker playing "Remember the Name"
How do you pick up a Jew in a concentration camp	 With a dustpan.
How did the blind priest find the choir boys	 Satisfying.
How was I supposed know she was ugly	 She had big titties.
How does trump like his eggs	 Whites only
How many people does it take to start a riot	 -3/5
How do you make a dog drink	 You put it in a blender.
How did colonel Sanders take over the chicken market	 A coup.
How does Moses prepare his coffee	 Hebrews it.
How do you tell if a lesbian installed your flooring	 It's all tongue and groove.
How did Jared Fogle lose 40 pounds	 He dumped his girlfriend.
How many people from Svalbard does it take to change a light-bulb	 Light? What's that?
How did Jesus get to the other side of the street	 He used the Cross Walk.
How do you win a late night argument with your deaf wife	 You turn off the lights.
How much Viagra do you have to give a computer to turn its software into hardware	 Just enough to completely fill up the floppy diks drive.
How many roads must a man walk down before you can call him a cab	
How do you feel when you don't have coffee	 Depresso.
How many different animals did we have to jump on the backs of before we discovered horses were cool with it	
How did the blind skydiver know he was about to hit the ground	 He felt the slack in his dog's leash.
How my girlfriend stay's thin. Wanna know how my girlfriend stays thin	 She burns most of her calories jumping to conclusions.
How often do women become completely unreasonable	 Periodically.
How many dyslexics does it take to bulb a light change	
How did the Pianist play without fingers	 Not very well at all...
How did a bit travel from the CPU to the HDD	 It took the bus.
How long does Charlie Sheen last in bed	 Two and a half minutes.
How do you stop all the protests and riots	 Play the national anthem. They'll all sit down
How much do dead batteries cost	 Nothing. They are free of charge!
How do you get Reddit to improve their search function	 Have CNN report on how bad it is
How can you tell when a fax has been sent by a blonde	 When there's a stamp on it.
How can you tell a black lady is pregnant	 When she pulls the tampon out and the cotton is already picked.
How does a snail win a race	 It runs against Hillary.
How can you tell if a hamburger was grilled in space	 It's a little meteor.
How many civil servants does it take to change a light bulb	 Twelve. One to change the bulb and eleven to do the paperwork.
How do you fit an elephant in a thimble	 You take the "I" out of "thimble" and the "F" out of "way."
How do you make a shortcut	 With small scissors.
How do you offend a vegan	 Cover your ears with your hands
How is a telephone like a dirty bathtub	  They both have rings!
How do you stop ISIS	 Leave some milk in the sun for a few days.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment 	 Ten ants !
How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They have to get the guitarist to do it for them.
How did the Scot die	 He got kilt.
How do you get people to quit smoking	 Cut off their lips
How does a bad comedian sleep at night	 I don't know.
How did the farmer deal with the stubborn sheep's wool	 With shear willpower
How do you feel about perfumes being designed by computers	 Because I think it makes perfect scents.
How did the woman feel when she got run over by a car	 Tired.
How do black people hide on the internet	 They go incognegro.
how wide is the universe	 how long is a piece of string theory
How are children like slinkies	 It's fun to toss them down stairs.
How can you tell if someone lifts	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does the farmer count up his cows	 ...with a cowculator.
How many eggs do the French use in their omelettes	 Just one, because in France one egg is un oeuf.
How do you know when a vegan gets to the party	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How can I relax when every aspect of my physical and mental state is governed by something called The Nervous System	
How did George W Bush use reggae to win his election	 He needed an Al Gore riddim.
How can you tell if a road is sad	 It has low shoulders.
How are blizzards and men alike	 You don't know when they're coming, you don't know how many inches you'll get, and you don't know long they'll last
How many Harvard graduates does it take to change a light bulb	 One. He just puts it in the socket and lets the world turn around him.
How do gangsters receive communications	 Gmail
How about instead of shaking hands we nod at each other and that way we both won't have to wash our hands	
How do you know which bear to talk to in a bar	 You have to read ursine.
How do you stay hidden in the Desert	 Camal-Flage
How did the frog die	 He Kermitted suicide
How do you get the water in a watermelon	 Plant it in the spring.
How many rationalists does it take to change a lightbulb	 Probably one but you can't generalise.
How could I forget, mate	 At an Australian parliament meeting, two guys were shouting back and forth and one said: "I am a country member!" and the other said: "Oh, I remember!"
How do we know Jesus wasn't good with the ladies	 He only got nailed once
How many police men does it take to change a lightbulb	 Doesn't matter...they'll just beat the room for being black.
How do pirates know they exist	 They think, therefore they ARRRRRRRR!
How many words does it take to start a car	 Forwards
How is a marriage similar to a deck of cards	 Starting off with 2 hearts and a diamond seems great but by the end all you want is a club and a spade.
How do you listen to Taylor Swift and N.W.A one after the other	 Make a mixed tape.
How can you tell the difference between a good joke and a bad joke	 I dunno, I just repost them.
How does a pirate greet a sea monster	 What's Kraken?
How warm is the inside of a Tauntaun	 Lukewarm.
How did the blonde break her leg from raking the leaves	 She fell out of the tree.
How do you say "Fuck you" in American Sign Language	 Lift your hand up and put all fingers down except your middle finger.
How does someone with amnesia tell a joke	 I don't remember.
How many decades of knowing someone before it's rude to ask what their name is	
How hard is it to find cigarettes	 Because my dad has been gone for 13 years looking for them.
How many Californians does it take to change a lightbulb	 Hella. How long does it take them? Days.
How do billboards communicate	 Sign language
How do you mail an egg	 In a henvelope!
How do you make a Sea Lion	 You remove an electron from a Seal!
How do you make a girl gain weight	 Marry her.
How can you tell if a turkey is from Germany	 By the way it Goebbels
How do you know your dog's cancer is really bad	 If the vet says it's mutt-astasized.
How did David Bowie die	 An American scared him to death.
How do you know when a joke has gone too far	 It's elected President.
How is cat food sold 	 Usually purr can !
How many knees could a negro grow if a negro could grow knees	
How do you fix a woman's watch	 You don't. There is a clock on the oven.
How do you organise a party in space	 You planet.
How do you measure a great misunderstanding	 In kiloWats
How come there are like a thousand songs about Christmas but only one song about the boys being back in town	 This is not original
How can you tell when a girl is vegan	 She'll tell you
How do you kill a fox	 Cut off one leg and drag it across Canada.
How are genders like the twin towers	 There used to be two of them but now everyone gets offended if you talk about it.
How does a Rabbi make tea	 Hebrews it.
How do you make soup golden	 You add 24 carrots.
How bad is my career	 I met a homeless guy on the beach in Los Angeles & thought "Wow this guy has it made"
How do you keep a redditor in suspense	 [removed]
How do birds kiss	 They give a peck to the cheek.
How do you communicate with the Loch Ness  Monster at 20000 fathoms	 Drop him a line.
How did the Bohemian pay	 Just a Check
How do crazy people go thru the forest	 They take the Psycho path.
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	 Call her and tell her.
How does the Mummy plan to destroy Superman	 He's gonna lure him in to the crypt tonight.
How do Germans tie there shoes	 With little Nazis.
How many Obsessive-Compulsive P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	 Just one. But he has to check it 100 times one for each watt.
How much do pirates pay for earrings	 Somewhere around a buck an ear.
How do you make a moth bawl	 Hit him with a fly swatter.
How many grammar nazi's does it take to change a light bulb How many grammar Nazis does it take to change a light bulb	 FTFY.
How did Arnie convince his wife to move in with him	 "Live vit me if you vant to cum"
How do you know Justin Bieber is Canadian	 Only a Canadian could get a #1 on Billboard with a song called Sorry.
How many Mennonites does it take to change a light bulb	 Seven - one to actually change the bulb and six to complain that they liked the old one better.
How do you keep a dog from barking in your  front yard	 Put him in your back yard.
How do you get a Cambodian person to join you	 Just shout "Hey, Khmer!"
How many women does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know, but I bet we could pay them less than a group of men for the same amount of work.
How does an alien get back to his home planet	 ayy lmao
How do government employees wink when they're at work	 They briefly open one eye.
How do rednecks circumcise a baby	 Kick their daughter in the jaw.
How do you get a Ford recalled	 Wait.
How many yankees fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They'll just stand in the dark talking about how good the old one was.
How did Jesus stay in such good shape	 Cross fit.
How will the Duggar's stay on TV and make money	 By moving the show to a "true crime" channel and calling it "18 Victims and Counting".
How do trains eat	 They go chew chew!
How do you become a kleptomaniac	 You pick it up from other people
How many French eggs do you need	 One egg is un oeuf.
How did the Scotsman find the sheep in tall grass	 Very satisfying.
How do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend	 When he starts using condoms with other girls.
How many schoolteachers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. Anything not completed during the lesson is added to the homework.
How do street drugs get into the prisons	 Not really sure, but my best guess is that some assholes smuggle them in.
How did the Pharaoh feel after falling for a craigslist scam	 Egypt
How do you fuck a fat chick	 Roll her over in flour and find the wet spot
How many gears does a French battle tank have	 Five. Four in reverse, and one in case the enemy is attacking from the rear.
How did the farmer figure out how much milk he had	 He used cowculus!
How do you teach your dog to roll over 	 Put him on fire.
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying	 His lips are moving.
How does Thor's brother like to party	 He likes to keep it pretty Lo-key
How long does it take to get from Louisiana to Alabama	 One Mississippi.
How many Police Officers does it take to handcuff one man	 Nine, Eight to shoot him and one to say he was very dangerous
How is my penis like a dead midget	 They're both a little stiff
How are women like snow	 They seem really cool at first but then you're sick of them after a couple days and no one wants to be driving when they're on the road
How did the farmer find his wife	 He tractor down.
How do you tell the difference between members of the GOP and ISIS	 Skin color.
How do you make a dog sound like a cat	 You freeze it, put it on a bandsaw and cut it; "Meoooow".
How did the mathematician reach the end of the Y-axis	 On a plane.
How can you tell vampirism is a disease	 On account of the coffin.
How can you tell a clock is hungry	 It goes back four seconds
How many IT support techs does it take to change a lightbulb	 "have you tried turning the light off and back on?"
How can you tell if a woman's picture is photoshopped	 She isn't standing in the kitchen
How much do Rabbi's charge for their circumcisions	 Nothing. They just keep the tips.
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree	 Wave to him
How do you keep a idiot occupied	 I will tell you how in my next post- Jk the answer's in one of the comments, look through every single one and you are destined to discover the answer.
How do you know it was not U.S. that did the aerial bombing	 Because the funeral, wedding and hospital were not the targets.
how much does it take for two octopi to laugh	 16 tickles because not asking for insurance is insane in the US, sorry to go out on a limb...
How do you know it's safe to feed the ducks the same thing as the Canadian geese down at the pond	 Because what's good the goose is good for Merganser.
How do we know Mayberry's Andy Taylor was a Redditor	 He had sex with Opie's mom.
How come my wife can't hold her bladder for more than three hours but she can hold a grudge for fourteen years	
How did the little pig win at Monopoly	 He built hotels on Pork Place.
How do you put an elephant in a refrigerator	 Step one: Open the door. Step two: Put the elephant in. Step three: Close the door.
How do you get spiderwebs out of your hair	 Asking because Spider-Man... I mean... Just asking.
How did Steve Jobs die	 From PC
How does a cow kiss	 Smooooooch
How do you know when the drummer has shown up for band practice	 He won't stop banging at the door.
How did the cannibal turn over a new leaf	  He became a vegetarian.
How do you stop a North Korean tank	 Shoot the soldier pushing it.
How do you get to Oktoberfest	 Follow the lederhosen.
How does it feel to be out of coffee	 Depresso.
How do druggies store their data	 LSD Cards.
How does a Facebook employee greet each other	 Hey there, whatsapp!!
How do you get a philosopher off your porch	 Pay him for the pizza.
How does a Welshman find sheep in tall grass	 Irresistible.
How many bass players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One. Five. One.
How do electricians meditate	 Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm
How do you get the guitar player off of your porch	 Pay for the pizza.
How many cops does it take to push a hooker down the stairs	 None, "she fell".
How do they dance in Arabia	 Sheik-to-sheik (cheek).
How does a ghost start a letter	 Tomb it may concern.
How was your trip to Israel	 This month they had Sukkot (the festival of tabernacles) It was pretty "in tents".
How did the rabbit know his wife was cheating on him	 He found a hare in his bed.
How do French mathematicians cover their genitals	 With Undeuxwear
How can you know that you are insecure about what other people think of your post	 [deleted]
How did Jesus get those sexy messiah abs	 He did crossfit.
How did the headless chicken cross the road	 In a KFC bucket.
How does an Eskimo build his house	 Igloos it together.
How did the hermit crab show off his new apartment	 He took a shelfie.
How do construction workers party	 they raise the roof.
How do you crack a joke on r/Jokes	 ctrl+v.
How many Hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags in the woods.
How does Stevie Wonder check Facebook	 With his EyePhone
How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent	
How does ISIS listen to its favourite tunes	 On a boombox.
How do you eat a computer	 byte by byte.
How does a Ethiopian show that they are rich	 They wear a rolex watch around their waist.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	 "Its a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it."
How do you describe eating just the right amount	 Nom Nom Nominal
How do you piss off a feminist	 Done.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	 With Little Caesars!
How can you tell when Ron Jeremy is finished pumping gas	 He pulls out the nozzle and sprays it all over the car!
How is a glory hole like a rooster crowing	 They're both a cock-a-dude'll-do.
How do you know that peanuts are  fattening 	 Have you ever seen a skinny elephant ?
How do sheep keep warm in winter 	  Central bleating !
How come you never see black people on ships	 They aint falling for that shit again.
How did the blind carpenter regain his eyesight	 He picked up his hammer and saw.
How can a man go eight days without sleep	 No problem , He sleeps at night.
How do you find Will Smith in the winter time	 follow the Fresh Prints!
How do we know that Joan of Arc was French 	 She was maid in France !
How much does Jesus love you	 Thiiiiiiis much. (Must be said while arms are raised out to side)
How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Wanna go ride bikes?
How long is a submarine	 No, How Long is a Chinaman.
How did Helen Kellers parents punish her	 They gave her a basketball and told her to read.
How do you stop a black guy from jumping on a bed	 Put velcro on the ceiling.
How do most women like their eggs	 Ovarie-z
how often do i beat my wife	 Every time i clap my hands.
How do you keep an idiot busy	 You tell a joke on Reddit
How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night	 Take away their beds...
How can you tell a bernie sanders supporter from a hillary supporter	 There age
How did the orphans in Oliver Twist communicate with each other	 Through *more*se code!
How does a Scandinavian man catcall	 "Hey, you look like someone that could show me the right bus to take."
How do cats park their cars	 They *purr*allel park
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Hold on, I'll ask
How does a scientist make a hormone	 The same way I do: don't pay her!
How long after walking into someone's house is it acceptable to ask for their WiFi password	
How many vegetarians does it take to eat a whole hotdog	 Just one, with ten vegetarian hotdogs.
How does the astronaut cut his hair	 Eclipse
How can you tell when a wine connoisseur is happy	 They have a semillon!
How do you get a kid to stay low to the ground	 "DUCK!" How do you get a kid up and running? "GOOSE!"
How come Jesus didnt play hockey	 He kept getting nailed to the boards!
How do Harry Potter fans flirt	 Hey baby, mind if I *Slytherin* ? ;)
How Far Can a Fox... Q: How far can a fox run into a grove	 A: Only halfwaythen he's running out of it! Click here: http://redd.it/2o1hgq
How do you circumsize a blue whale	 Four skindivers
How did the tree get on to Reddit	 It just logged on...
How do mermaids have babies	 Sea-sections
How do you have a mustache without people calling it a pedophile mustache	 Just have a little square under the nose.
How many Millennials does it take to change a light bulb	 None! We don't change light bulbs. We disrupt them.
How did i escape Iraq	 Iran.
How can you tell who is the head nurse of a facility	 She's the one with dirty knees.
How much do flying broomsticks cost at Hogwarts	 Quid each.
How about a game	 You provide a random set up and we provide the punchline (PTP?). Most upvoted wins imaginary internet points.
How can you make a witch itch	 Take away her "W."
How do all racist jokes start	 *Scans over left shoulder, scans over right shoulder*
How do you fit an elephant into a subway	 Take the "S" out of sub. And the "F" out of way!
How do you find Will Smith in the Snow	 I don't know. Just look for the Fresh prints! Ha ha.  He's also black.
How is life at the post office going	 It's going well I guess. It has its usps and it's downs. Edited for correctness
How many planets are there in the solar system	 There used to be nine, then there was eight and when I'm done with Uranus there'll be seven.
How many months have 28 days in a leap year	 12 months not just february!
how did the ghost get to the hospital	 in the amBOOlance
How to annoy your children: Me: Don't come in here without knocking Child: Ok *leaves* *knocks* M: Who is it	 C: It's me! M: Go away
How many mods does it take to switch a light bulb	 [deleted]
How come Star Trek fans never grow out of it	 They always just Klingon to it
How many corpses does it take to change a lightbulb	 Apparently more than 3, because it's been a week and my basement is still dark.
How do we know that Darth Vader is American	 Because he marches to the Imperial March and not the Metric March
How do you know when there is an elephant under  your bed 	 When your nose touches the ceiling !
How do they package bread at the bakery	 They baguette.
How did the hipster burn his tongue 	 cos he drank he coffee before it was cool...
How does a German call an Irishman	 Komm, Sean!
How do you know princess diana had dandruff	 Because her head and shoulders were on the dashboard.
How are mashed potatoes similar to an online college degree	 If it ends up on your wall, you're probably retarded.
How did Canada get it's name	 The forefathers decided the best way to name their new country was to pick letters out of a hat. "C eh, n eh, d eh"
How did Ramadan go	 It went by pretty FAST!
How do two psychiatrists greet each other	 "You are fine, how am I?"
How do we know JFK was a fan of PDA	 He was all over his wife at the parade
How do you hide an elephant up a cheery tree	 Put it in the tree and paint it's balls red. What's the loudest noise in the world? A giraffe eating cherries Edit: not a cheery tree...cherry
How much money did the bronco have	 Only a buck!
How do you eat the Flesh Hounds	 WH40K Humor: I don't know about you, but I prefer my Khorne Dogs with ketchup.
How many 210 lb policemen does it take to throw a 140 lb suspect down 3 flights of stairs	 None, he fell.
How does Michael J. Fox deal with his Parkinson's disease	 He just shakes it off.
How do you tell if you've lost an argument on Facebook	 Well first you're are in an argument on Facebook.
How many Environmentalists does it take to change a light bulb	 It doesn't matter, they will never change a thing.
How many feminists does it take to screw a lightbulb	 One to screw it in and nine to write on their blogs about how enlightening the experiment was.
How does Batman's mom call him home for dinner	 She doesn't because she's dead.
How do you stop guys like Donald Trump from saying racist things	 You muzzle 'em.
How do people in Iowa get elections	 By watching corn!
How many topologists does it take to change a baby	 Assuming the baby can be transformed into the shape of a light bulb, only one.
How bad is the economy	 Twenty years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Today we have no cash, no hope and no jobs.
How many children do I want to have	 Kind of a weird question for a first date, but umm I guess enough to finish the temple
How many agnostics does it take to change a light bulb	 There's really no sure way to know.
How do you get a clown off of its unicycle	 Hit it in the face with a pickaxe.
How do you find will smith in a blizzard	 Look for fresh prince
How can you tell if a monster has a glass eye	 When it comes out in conversation.
How many ears do Star Trek fans have	 3, Right Ear, Left Ear and The Final Front-Ear.
How do you give a catholic priest a circumcision	 Kick the altar boy in the chin.
How Do You Circumcise a Redneck	 Kick his sister in the chin.
How are third party candidates like soccer	 They're only really popular in America once every four years.
How do you break concrete in Doctor Who	 With a Captain Jackhammer.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	 It's like a really obscure number you have probably never heard of.
How did the dog's owner know his pet was angry about having soap flakes for breakfast	 He foamed at the mouth.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How many dead schoolgirls does it take to change a lightbulb	 Obviously more than four because my basement's still dark.
How did OJ respond when his son asked to borrow the car	 &gt;Only if you go aks your mother.
How much sex does a sister of the church get	 Nun
How do you know that you are dating a french horn player	 Because when you kiss them they shove their fist up your butt
How do you know Sia is Scottish	 Because she loves sheep thrills! *shows self out
How does a Bat Girl become a Bat Woman	 She has a Bat Mitzvah
How do you make a flea circus	 From scratch.
How come it takes so little time for a  child who is afraid of the dark to become a teenager who wants to stay out all night	
How do you make a German Shepherd	 Put him in a synagogue.
How do porcupines make love	 Very, very carefully.
How do you get honey from a graveyard	 From a zombee!   I'll see myself out
How do you know a girl is too young for you	 When you have to make airplane noises to get your dick in her mouth
How do people see so much on internet these days	 They put on the Google!
How do you know a black chick is pregnant	 When she pulls out the tampon all the cotton has been picked.
How did the Chihuahua disappear on the road	  It was using a hide-'n-go-seekle!
How many people does it take to tell a joke on reddit	 Two. One to post the joke and one to post a better punchline in the comments.
Howdeepisthepool	 He had too much to drink before he went swimming!
How many tax auditors does it take to find a $1.00 mistake in an expense report	 Three. One to find the mistake and two to discuss the significance of it.
How many narcissists does it take to change a light bulb	 One. They just hold the bulb in place and the world revolves around them.
How much does a Satanist weigh	 A pentagram.
How do you turn a seal into a sea lion	 Remove an electron.
How Does a Woman Make a Man a Millionaire	 When he's a billionaire.
How can you tell if a bee is on the phone	  You get a buzzy signal.
How does a French lady hold her liquor	 By the ears
How does gravity greet itself	 It just waves
How much does it cost for a pirate to get an ear piercing	 A buccaneer.
How is a Trump campaign chief like a vibrator	 Both are charged with battery.
How do you know if a hippie was at your house	 He's still there.
How Much Food did Soviet Ukraine Need in the Early 1930s	 A whole-lot-more
How do you confuse a retard	 Say "purple".
How does the modern-day James Bond prefer his women	 Shaven, not furred
How does a women make you a millionaire	 You start as a billionaire
How can you tell who the head doctor is	 They're the one with the dirtiest knees
How do you get a man in a coma hard	 Lick his Comatoes
How does a Russian count '1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi...'	 1 CCCP, 2 CCCP, 3 CCCP... I^will^see^myself^out
How many spoiled rich girls does it take... ...to change a light bulb	 Just one, she yells, "DAAAAADDY, I need a new house!"
How much coke can Charlie Sheen do	 Enough to kill two and a half men
How do you save a drowning black family	 As a .jpg
How does Kendall Jenner celebrate Father's Day	 She doesn't.
How can you tell that the stage is level	 The drummer is drooling out of *both* sides of his mouth.
How do Australians find sheep in the long grass	 Irresistible...
How do Jamaican's end their prayers	 Ey mon.
How do Buddhist monks compare interests	 With zen diagrams!
How can you tell what clan a Scottish man is from	 Look under his kilt and if he has a quarter pounder then he is a McDonald.
How do you say "touchdown" in Polish	 Gronkowski
How did the investigators discover that a serial killer had dandruff	 They found head &amp; shoulders in his bathroom.
How can you tell if a Mobile software developer isn't enjoying his job	 He isn't very App-y
How did Reggie Rocket's brother die	 Otto Erocket Asphyxiation
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None they'd rather keep their clients in the dark.
How many armed men does it take to extort an Olympic athlete	 A Brazilian.
How many books can a blind man read	 Brailly any!
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do	 All of them.
How do you know if a pepper is being nosy	 When he's jalapeno business!
How does a mathematician go to the bathroom	 He works it out with a pencil.
How can you tell if your house was built by lesbian carpenters	 All tongue-in-groove, with no studs.
How do ghosts become friends	 They bond over boos. I made this up while sleep-deprived last night. I am sorry.
How do you conufuse a blond	 Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
How does the Hulk make money	 He flips houses.
How many dead babies do you need to turn on the light	 More than 20, because my basement is still dark.
How did the Frenchman get turned on	 He French-kissed a power outlet
How does cheese get more mature	 Fromage
How are women like 90 degrees	 They're always right.
Howdo you stop a baby from running in circles	 Nail its other hand to the floor.
How much does a circumcision doctor make	 Probably just a tip
How do you define an aardvark	 Aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater!
How do werewolves mark their territory	 Lycanthropee
How do you know if the camera you just bought was made in Asia	 If the shutter makes a "crick" noise.
How come they only do that moustache oil for men	 Sexism.
How do you tell if you've posted an anitjoke in /r/Jokes	 If someone comments saying you posted an antijoke and that you should rather post your joke in /r/antijokes.
How do you catch an orange elephant	 I don't know. I've never seen an orange elephant.
How to stop a kid from growing up. How do you stop your kids from growing up	 Ask Jozsef Barsi.
How do you make the letter "H" healthy	 You spin it. It becomes spin-h. juh-jen
How many Polaks does it take to come up with heliocentric theory	 One.
How did the woman feel after her legs were amputated	 Defeeted
How do you spot the blind man at a nudist beach	 Well..it's not hard
How does NASA plan a party..	 They planet.
How do you fix a broken tuba	 With a tuba glue!
How do you build a flea circus	 You have to start from scratch.
How do you know your letter is gay	 It came in the mail.
How do you know the Alphabet is celebrating Christmas	 When there is no "L"
How long do I microwave these turtles before I can teach them karate	
How do red necks celebrate Halloween	 Pump kin
How do you please an Amish woman	 3 Mennonite...
How to prove JokeExplainBot is actually a human	
How do trains from different countries understand each other	 With a trainslator
How do you get high underwater	 seaweed! lol my friends 12 yr old daughter told us this one
How do you break up an Al-Quaeda bingo game	 Yell "B-52!"
How many reposters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but they have to steal it first.
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb	 Why do you need electric light when you have a glass ceiling?
How did the Mongols get to Europe	 Steppe by steppe.
How did Jamie find Cersei in the long grass	 Satisfying.
How do you get down from an Elephant	 You don't, you get down from a Goose.
How do you castrate the pope	 Kick the altar boy in the chin.
How can you open a banana	 - With a monkey! How can you open a banana? - With a monkey!
How do you know when a grenade is thrown by a blonde	 When you can pull the pin and throw it back
How do you call it when an Irish person goes out for drinks	 A bargain
how many /r/jokes user does it take to repost a joke	 three. one to actually do it, one to complain that it has been done before, and another one to repost the said repost
How does a girl vampire flirt	 She bats her eyes.
How do you call a car designed for midgets	 Half a Romeo. I'll show myself out.
How do you pick up women in Auschwitz	 With a broom &amp; dustpan.
How does Vladimir Putin like his Thanksgiving turkey	 Nuked
How is a lonely twig like a piece of cling wrap	 He can only stick to himself.
How do bunny rabbits like their beer brewed	 With lots of hops!
How do you call a dog with no legs	 It does not matter it will not come
How do you know if there is an elephant in bed with you	 He has a big E on his pajamas.
How do you want it die	 Personally, i want to go out as my grandpa. Peacefully in his sleep. Unlike his passengers, screaming and crying.
How did the chicken cross the freeway	 You take the 'F' out of free and the 'F' out of way. Hint: say everything out loud.
How does a conceptual artist change a light bulb	 He calls it a work of art.
How do you make rude noises on the Internet	 With a whoop e-cushion.
How do you get the most apples at Halloween	  Take a snorkel.
How do you know a car is from Poland	 The Polish.
How many people in America do you think I can trick into believing that Brexit is the name of one of Sarah Palin's kids	
How can you get rich by eating	 Eat fortune cookies.
How do you get a lawyer out of a tree	 Cut the rope.
How do you find a naked man in a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How did Chuck Norris solve the dwindling oil reserves problem	 Ctrl - C, Ctrl - V
How many Dubstep fans does it take to catch a fish	 Three. One to fish and two to catch the bass as it drops.
How can you tell if a fencer is a redditor	 By how often he ripostes.
How much energy did Hitler use during his reign	 6 million killajews
How did the love seat get pregnant	 Because the couch didn't pull out.
How does a French person sneeze	 Adieu!
How do you identify a vegan at a party	 You don't, they come and tell you
How did the Hulk feel after trying to lift Mjolnir	 He felt Thor.
How can you spot a blind man in a nudist camp	 Its not hard.
How's it like living in a totalitarian regime	 Can't complain.
How do you get to the top of a weather beacon	 Climate
How many IT guys does it take to change a light bulb	 No IT guys change light bulbs, they just keep flicking the switch on and off again until something happens.
How many Emos does it take to change a lightbulb	 Doesn't matter because there is no light, only dark.
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky	 If it was invented anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
How does a sheep farmer find a sheep on top of the mountain 	 Acceptable
How do you pump up a room full of shy introverts	 "LETS GET READY TO MUMBLE!!!"
How does a Narcissist change a lightbulb	 He holds it up to the socket and the world revolves around him.
How do you make one girl disappear	 ..just add a G and now she's gone.
How may tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh	 Tentacles!
How do you get 27 kids to carve a statue	 Have everybody chip in.
How many babies does it take to paint a fence	 Depends how hard you throw them
How do you tell an X chromosome from a Y chromosome	 Pull down its genes.
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb	 One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
How often do chemists use HIO4	 periodically
How can anyone focus on world peace when we can't even get everyone to use the same date format	
How does the Black Knight sneeze	 "Have-at-choo!"
How many Apple users does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. When the bulb goes, they just replace the house.
How's college supposed to prepare you for the real world	 All it does is make you tired and stressed out and anxious and nevermind I get it.
How do you spot a vegan at a party	 Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do we know hamburgers have high IQ's	 They 'loin' fast!
How do you get your wife to listen to every word without interrupting	 Talk in your sleep.
How do you say goodbye to 230,000 Indonesians	 A big wave.
how do you wake lady gaga up	 poke her face
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	 zero
How many Germans does to take to screw in a light bulbs	 NEIN, NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN
How to teach a cat how to bark	 Pour some gasoline on it and WOOF!
How does Super Mario contact the dead	 He uses a Luigi board.
how i look like Broccoli: Hey, I look like a tree. Mushroom: Wow, I look just like an umbrella. Walnut: I look exactly like a brain. Banana: Man, can we change the topic please	
How do you tell when a girl really wants you	 When you put your hand down her pants you think you're feeding a horse.
How many syllables does the word "Gloria" have	 CATHOLICS: 18
How come blind people never tell bad jokes	 Because they can't "see themselves out" :D ..I'll.. I'll see myself out.
How much cum does a gay guy have	 A butt load.
How do people know spiders are more afraid of me than I am of them	 Like, did you ask him? Because only one of us is screaming right now.
How can you tell when Clinton is lying	 Her lips are moving. Yeah, it's an old joke but then again, so is she.
How cold is it outside	 It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
How do bulls drive their cars	 They steer them!
How do you split Rome in half	 You use a pair of caesars.
How can you tell which is the head nurse	 The one with the dirty knees.
How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day	 Solo
How is Jesus different from other carpenters	 Unlike other carpenters, Jesus may actually return one day
How do you get a one armed Canadian out of a tree	 Wave to him!
How are you doing in arithmetic 	 I've learned to add up the zeros but the numbers are still giving me  trouble.
How many French people need to defend Paris	 It isn't known, never tried.
How do you have sex with a vegetable	 Ask if they want to-mate-O.
How do you get a Michigan girl into an elevator	 Grease her hips, and throw in a Twinkie.
How do you get off a non-stop flight	
How many skaters does it take to change a lightbulb	 One, but it will take 13 attempts.
How do you know if someone has a Samsung phone without asking	 Don't worry, they've already told you the superior qualities it has over all the other smart phones by this time.
How do you know if Buzzfeed article is stolen	 You get the feeling that you've Reddit before.
How many feminists does it take to screw a vegan	 Lightbulb.
How do you tell if your girlfriend's ticklish	 You give her a test tickle.
How does an Irishman's future look like	 Very blight.
How can you tell if a man has a high sperm count	 The girl has to chew before she swallows.
How are expecting to cure cancer when we as a society can't figure out how to merge into traffic correctly	
How do you calm down an astronaut	 ...you give him space.
How do you start a conversation about men's rights	 Mention feminism.
How do you make a milkshake	 Give a cow a pogo stick.
How do you fit 3 babies in a bowl	 Blender. How do you get them out? Chips.
How does Optimus Prime stay young looking	 Autobotulism
How do mathematicians cure constipation	 They work it out with a pencil.
How's everyone holding up 	 It's crazy out there. I've killed at least 15 zombies already !! Why are they all carrying candy ?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How does a black woman know she's pregnant	 When she pulls out her tampon the cotton's been picked.
How do you know you're a Seattle Seahawk	 A butler serves you.
How much did the obese man know about fitness	 Diddly squat
How do you know if you have skin cancer	 You die from skin cancer and come back as a ghost to study the autopsy report.
How do you make a post man sad	 Kill his family.
How is Santa able to carry so many presents at once	 Santa isn't real.
How many girls a boy need to shoot a school	 None.
How can you tell that someone's a vegan	 Don't worry; they'll tell you themselves.
How much will a pirate charge you for a piercing	 Buckaneer
How can you tell that the movie Martian is not realistic	 Because Americans use imperial unit system.
How can you tell the difference between ignorance and apathy	 I don't know and I don't care
How did the hipster burn his hand	 He was into lightbulbs before they were cool.
How do rainbows laugh	 Hue hue hue
How do you beat someone in an argument	 Use your fists.
How does a male contraceptive pill work	 You put it in his shoe and it makes him limp.
How does NASA organize parties	 First they planet then the stars comet.
How can you tell if a ghost is about to faint	 He gets pale as a sheet.
How does Hasbro test tickle me elmo's	 They have test-tickles.
How does Jesus make his coffee	 Hebrews it!
How do you know a redneck invented the toothbrush	 If it where anyone else it woulda been called a teethbrush
How do you make a Game of Thrones fan sad	 You ask them to hold the door for you.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for his birthday	 He felt his presents.
How do you start a raid in Ethiopia	 Staple food to the ceiling!
How many Northern Californians does it take to change a lightbulb	 Hella.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb	 Lets go ride bikes!
How do you know when... ... a blonde has been using the computer	 There's white-out on the screen. How do you know when a brunette used the computer after a blonde? There's writing on the white-out.
How do you call for a bath	 With a Teletubbie.
How did Mitt Romney get a 14% tax rate	 He claimed 47% of America as dependents.
How do you make a glow worm happy 	 Cut off his tail he'll be de-lighted !
How do you find Will Smith in a snowy forest	 You look for his fresh prints. (  )
How did Sigmund Freud die	 He slipped
How do you know if someone has been to Florida	 They'll tell you.
How many handicapped guys does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one if it's Professor X.
How much power does it take to move a tank	 A horse
How awesome would it be to come home & find Bruce Springsteen sitting on your toilet	
How do you know you're allergic to cats if you've never even tasted one	
How do you tell the difference between a factory worker, and a chemist	 Ask them to pronounce 'unionized'
How come arabs are not circumcised	 So they have some place to keep their gum safe during a sand storm.
How do you know when your at a gay barbecue	 When all the hot dogs taste like shit.
How do you tell if your friend is gay	 Fuck him in the ass. As you're cumming, reach around and feel his cock. It's hard, he's definitely gay.
How do writers send e-mail	 On the Inkernet.
How did the dentist become a brain surgeon	 His hand slipped.
How can you tell if a snake is a baby snake	  It has a rattle.
How do you find your dog if he's lost in the woods 	 Put your ear up to a tree and listen for the bark !
How does NASA throw a holiday party	 They planet.
How far can you walk into the forest	 Halfway, when you walk further then you will walk out of the forest! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
How do you spot a terrorist	 They'll freak out when they hear a helicopter
How do chemists poison each other	 With a Pb &amp; J sandwich
How do you shut an Italian up	 Tie his hands behind his back
how many black people does it take to change a light bulb	 WRONG! black people don't work you idiot
How cute would it be if park rangers had tiny handcuffs for raccoons that steal campers' food	
How do you know that ET is a Donald Trump supporter	 Because he looks like one.
How many mathematician does it take to change a lightbulb	 pi
How did cows feel when the branding iron was  invented	 They were very impressed!
How many Zionists does it take to change a light bulb	 [OC] Just one. And if you disagree with me, you're an anti-Semite.
How many calories does avoiding eye contact burn	
How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse	 She's the one with dirty knees.
How do you tell if a feminist is on their period	 You can't.
How do you exorcise a demon	 Make him run a lap then do 10 push-ups and sit-ups
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb	 Let's go play on our bikes.
How many psychiatrist does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but it takes a really long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...
How do you know when it's midnight at Neverland Ranch	 The big hand touches the little hand.
How do you scare a snowman	 You get a hairdryer!
How do you say Philippines in Ebonics	 Colombia
How can a can you double your money	 By folding it in half.
How do you get a touchdown at Penn State	 Introduce a boy with Down's Syndrom to Jerry Sandusky.
How do you spot a cheetah in the wild	 You don't, they're already spotted!
How do you become invisible	 Get a child and then perform sex-altering surgery. Then you become a transparent.
How do Jedi plan for retirement	 With a Hoth IRA. I'll see myself out.
How many Scottish highlanders does it take to change a light bulb	 There can be only one.
How do you get info from a french dude	 You est-ce que question
How do you get out of Sunday school	 You tell your mom you're Sikh.
How do you get a musician off of your porch	 You pay for the pizza.
How do you find a velociraptor	 By taking the integral of the acceleraptor! Me: http://imgur.com/H8rLjub Everyone else: http://imgur.com/J3hC4Ci
How do you find a drug dealer donkey	 Just follow his coke mules.
How many guys does it take to open a beer	 None, it should be open when she brings it to you.
How much does wood cost	 About tree fiddy.
How does Pinocchio's father know when his son tells a lie	 He just nose it.
How does Jesus stay in shape	 He does crossfit.
How Dave Grohl spent his night in his hotel room after the concert in Gothenburg, Sweden	 He watched movie Cast Away (starring Tom Hanks) and ate some potato chips.
How come in math we are always solving for x	 Because with my ex, I'm always trying to solve for why.
How did the terminal cancer patient do in school	 He passed.
How did the 5-year old girl fall off of the tire swing	 Somebody shot her.
How do you make estrogen	 Don't pay her.
How was my engagement the same as my divorce	 In the end, I settled.
How do you measure love	 In hertz!
How does a pirate tip his hat	 "M'Hearty"
How do you turn a duck into a blues singer	 Leave it out in the sun until its Bill Withers
How does Sean Connery's dog bark	 Woofsh
How does Times Square start the new year	 By having Mariah Carey drop the ball! "The audience can sing this one."
How do you say 'Toilet' in Japanese	 Dump-ring.
How do you foil a plan	 (p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln
How do you stop Iran from building a nuclear reactor	 Send them the Fine Brothers.
How selfish am I	 Circus peanuts and black licorice are my favorite candies just so I never have to share.
How do the ladies get Batman to come	 Ask Lt. Gordon to turn on the bat-signal. Get your mind out of the gutter.
How do you make a small fortune out of horses	 Start off with a large fortune!
How did the lesbian couple build their house	 Tongue and groove. [For those who don't understand](http://0.tqn.com/d/homerepair/1/0/0/3/-/-/t_g.jpg)
How do mute people tell each others secrets	 They put on mittens.
How can you tell if a redditor is a pedophile	 When you make an ELI5 post, you end up receiving a dick pic.
How are women and rocks alike	 You skip the flat ones.
How do people with Mesothelioma live their lives	 Asbestos they can.
How do you turn a bunk bed into two regular beds	 You debunk it.
How did the toad die 	 He simply croaked !
How do athletes send e-mails	 On the Inter-sweat.
How can you go without sleep for seven days and not be tired	 Sleep at night
How did Aladdin die	 Carpet bombing.
How did the rainbow know is was lost	  -It was a clear day
How do Super Heroes like their drinks served	 WITH JUST ICE!
How many Java programmers does it take to change a light bulb	 One to generate a "ChangeLightBulb" event to the socket.
How long do I have to sleep before I'm legally a bear	
How do you end an argument with a woman	 Tell her to calm down. You're dead now but the argument is over.
How do call an idiot that has an assault rifle pointed at you	 Sir.
How do you shoot a unique deer	 You-neak up on it and shoot it. Credit: Grandpa Clifford
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow remover	 Give her a shovel...
How do I feel about your goatee	 I shave every part of my legs except the knees, how do you feel about that?
How many North Koreans does it take to change a light bulb	 One, only **Glorious Leader** gets access to light bulbs
How can you tell if the kid that stole your bike is half black and half polish	 He's running down the street with the bike under his arm.
How are a pizza maker and a gynecologist the same	 They can both smell it, but they can't taste it.
How come Jesus could never play for the Blackhawks	 Because he's always getting hung up on the boards.
How can you tell Voldemort used the bathroom before you	 He leaves a dark mark
How does a pitcher walk a man in Burger Land  baseball	 He throws four meatballs!
How many Murdochs does it take to change a lightbulb	 They were unaware the lightbulb was an issue &amp; regret unknowingly paying to change it
How many Heros does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 All, to save this world from the darkness.
How does a stripper find jobs	 She does netwerking!
How bad is it, doc	 "Well, you'll never run again" So basically the same
How many Vietnam War Veterans does it take to change a lightbulb	 You don't know man, you weren't there!
How much does it cost to clean up Germany	 About 6 million.
How do you call the current situation in Syria	 Very syrias
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb	 None. They like to live in the darkness.
How did Helen keller's parents punish her	 Put a plunger in the toilet
How can you tell when an accountant is extroverted	 He looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his own.
How near was the boy to his dad's tobacco stash before getting busted	 Close... but no cigar.
How many children with Attention Deficit Disorder does it take to change a light bulb	 Let's go ride our bikes!
How do you make a ghoul float	 1 cup of root beer, 2 scoops of ghoul.
How do you call a Russian tree	 Dimitree
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow	 Give her a shovel!
How many glasses of wine equals two servings of fruit	 Asking for a friend.
How hard do you think Joe Biden laughs when a senate's bill gets 69 votes	 I bet he has to leave the room.
How did the Reddit user read his newspaper	 &lt;ORIGINAL&gt; He Reddit
How do black people grow	 Their knee grows!
How did the tiny frozen dinner meet the little kid's belly	 microwave
How is the world like a bag of jellybeans	 Nobody likes the black ones.
How many tweekers does it take to change a light bulb	 Depends on which method you try....
How does the Pope get around New York City	 Mass Transit!
How do you know your waitress is having a rough night	 She's got a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pen.
How many people does it take to circumcise a Whale	 Four Skindivers.
How does Mike Tyson say hatred	 Hate Thread!
How do we know that Batman is black	 He can't go anywhere without Robin'
How many ducks would there be if you saw two ducks in front of two ducks two ducks between two ducks and two ducks behind two ducks	  Answer: 4 ducks-because they are in a row.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know, but it's at least 6, because my basement is still dark!!
How do you make gold soup	 You use 14 carrots.
How do you say thank you to a New York sushi chef	 Gracias.
How do you call a 100 m race between siamese twins	 Head to head race
How do you know if a complete stranger is vegan	 They already told you.
How do you stop a baby from walking in circles	 Pin its other hand to the ground.
How are a hobo and a balloon alike	 Both are without visible means of support. (My son found that in a children's joke book)
How do you make an apple puff	 Chase it round the garden
How do you make a black nervous	 Take him to an auction.
How do we know that Greek yogurt's Greek	 Because it's whey strained.
How do you break a Pollock's finger	 Punch him in the nose.
How many times does a woman laugh after you tell her a joke	 Three. When you tell it to her, then when you explain it to her, and then when she gets it.
How do you turn an airliner into a boat	 #**Allahu Ackbar!**
How many Buckeye football players does it take to change a lightbulb	 One. But he gets three hours credit.
How many film directors does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one but he wants to do it thirty-two times and when he's done everyone says that his last light bulb was much better.
How did the Mother Banana spoil the Baby Banana	 She left him out in the sun too long.
How many Potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	 None.
How do you identify a vegan	 Listen closely.
How does Darth Vader like his milk	 *Luke* warm
How do you know your girlfriend's getting fat	 She fits in your wife's clothes.
How do you call a joke that is not funny	 Lame.
How big is a circum	 One of my friends said his dick was circumcised, and I was curious how big those are.
How does an atom with bad grammar respond to an order	 I on it.
How do you stop an angry rhino from charging	 You take away its credit card
How do you surprise Helen Keller	 Leave a plunger in the toilet.
How can you be sure you have counterfeit money	 If it's a three-dollar bill you can be sure.
How did the scottsman find the sheep in the tall grass	 Very pleasurable.
How many people from Quebec does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One: He holds the bulb and the rest of Canada revolves around him.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away	 
How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one, but it takes a shitload of lightbulbs.
How do you pay for a circumcision	 With a tip!
How do crazy people get through a forest	 They take the psycho-path!
How do you know the universe likes Saturn	 It put a ring on it.
how did the art student make a million dollar work of art	 He started with 2 million.
How can you get a set of teeth put in for free	 Smack a monster.
How do feminists screw in a lightbulb	 By holding the bulb up to the socket and waiting for the world to revolve around them EDIT: Rip inbox EDIT 2: Thanks for the gold!
How did you do in your tests 	 I did what George Washington did ! What was that ? Went down in history !
How do you stop a taliban tank 	 Shoot the Guy Pushing it
How do you make a bandstand	 Take away their chairs
How is marriage like a tornado	 At first there is a lot of sucking and blowing, but when it's over your house is gone.
How much did the pirate's new earrings cost him	 A buccaneer
How do golfers get away with cheating	 The unfairway
How do you cock block two lesbians	 With a rock, because rock beats scissors.
How do you tell someone that they're not smart enough to manipulate you, without hurting their feelings	
How does a shepherd integrate black and white flocks	 Ewe-substitution
How many computer programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, that's a hardware issue.
How do you stop your bacon from curling in the pan	 ... Take their little stones and brooms away!
how does jesus make coffee	 hebrews it.
How manny women dose it take to screw in a light bulb	 Just one she hokds the blub and the world revolves around her.
How does an abortion doctor like his eggs	 Scrambled.
How does a male lightning bolt feel when he notices an attractive female lightning bolt	  Thunderstruck
How do I submit a joke	 Do I hand my life in?
How do you kiss a florist	 With tulips.
How many reddit admins does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Seriously who knows? It's pitch black in here.
How do you say no in German	 Square root of 81
How does an optometrist make love	 Better like this ... or better like this?
How do you make an Italian deaf	 Tie their hands behind their back.
How many babies do you need to paint a wall	 It depends how strong you throw them
How long are you supposed to chase someone after your wallet gets stolen	 Because I'm tired of running and he's catching up....
How does R.Kelly end a joke	 Ba dum *piss*
How does NASA organize their company parties	 They planet.
How Many Tickles Does it Take to Make a Octopus Laugh	 ten-tickles
How do you you ask your male friend to shave your body	 You don't.
How do you get over a fear of elevators	 Just take some steps to avoid them!
How many things do you need to change a lightbulb	 3, a person, a ladder, and another lightbulb
How did the mathematician treat his constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil.
How can I know hundreds of digits of pi But not know the digits of your phone number	
How can you tell when a skunk is angry	 It raises a stink!
How do we know the Earth was born on April 22nd	
how bout i spell YOUR name wrong, Stahrbux. hm	 how bout i pronounce it wrong, too, huh? you like that? how's that feel, Stlerbecks?
How many bears would Bear Gryll grill if Bear Gryll could grill bears	 I dunno, but PETA would be **pissed**.
How many dwarfs does take to change a light bulb	 It can vary, but It's quite hilarious to watch.
How many redditors does it take to get a joke	 Three. One to get the punchline, and one to point out the math is wrong.
How do I explain to this bank teller than I'm just robbing her and not the bank	
How do Catholic church priests stay healthy	 They exorcise.
How did the bad Canadian fisherman describe his only catch of the day	 "Aboot this big"
How do you make a dwarf taller	 Ge-gnome therapy
how does Justin Bieber remove a condom	 He farts.
How does a chicken do their hair	 With a comb, In one fowl swoop.
How do you install "blackout curtains"	 They just get hammered.
How do you stop a fish from smelling	 Cut its nose off.
How do moms in west Virginia know their daughter started her period	 Her son's dick tasted like blood.
How are electric outlets punished	 They're grounded.
How many idiots does it take to change a light bulb	 Five - one to hold the bulb, and four to turn his ladder
How are an armless man at a buffet and a kleptomaniac the same	 They just can't help themselves.
How do you get a hotdog to dance	 You put Mustard on the beat
How could the Statitician stand in a fire and be okay	 He had a block of ice on his head.
How many Apple Geniuses does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, we just swap out your whole house
How much of northern Canada is livable	 *Nunavut*
How is Michael Jackson like the thousands of people outside times square on new years	 Once the balls drop, They're no longer interested!
How Many Business Analysts Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb	 None. The light bulb shall never burn out. (OK. It's more cathartic than funny...)
How many of my parents does it take to mow the lawn	 None. They pay me to do it.
How did rich people get their money	 They were calm and collected.
How do you get a Mormon to stop drinking all your booze	 You invite two of them.
How come Notepad has no street cred	 It can't wrap.
How many Hillary supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 None. cmon , they'd much rather be kept in the dark.
How many NRA members does it take to change a light bulb	 A: More guns.
How do you piss off Liquor store shoplifters and Redditors	 CAP LOCKS.
How much does a truck full of bones weigh	 A skeleTon
How do you know if a girl is dating a vampire	 They only wanna go down on her once a month
How do you turn on a lamp	 By seducing it
How does Davy Crockett like his pie	 Alamo'd
How can you tell that a shrimp with a big dick was walking down the beach	 Because he left a shrimp cock-trail.
How do you find an ants forefathers	 Check it's ants-history.
How many applicants does it take to change a light bulb	 Only one but 200 applied for the job.
How come an extremely angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it takes her a week to pack for vacation	
How is a hurricane like a marriage	 At the beginning there's a lot of blowing and sucking, and when it's over your house is gone.
How did the hipster burn their tongue	 They drank their tea before it was cool.
How do you ruin a joke	 By reposting it every week!
How does Moses get his coffee	 He buys it from Starbucks...
How do you stop an alien invasion	 You build a wall.
How many chimney does Father Christmas go down 	 Stacks !
How do you catch a dyslexic fish	 Ya get it Hooked on Phonics!
How Can Athiests Make Money and Get Free Food	 By working at an abortion clinic.
How do you kill a redneck	 Wait until he's fucking his sister, then cut the brakes on his house.
How did the rabbit become a wrestling champion	 It had a lot of hare pins!
How do you get an elephant on a train	 You take the "S" out of sub, and the "F" out of way. [Say it out loud]
How do you tell the difference between a redditor and a MOBA player	 Ask them what OP stands for.
How many magicians does it take to pull a rabbit out of a hat	 One. It's a trick question.
How many RothChilds does it take to change a light bulb	 There still working on it...
How did they cure the swine flu	 With oinkment.
How did the right triangle commit suicide	 With a Hypote-noose
How do you a convert a number to a radical	 You convert it to Islam.
How does a tail pipe feel after a long car ride	 exhausted.
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any children	 Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
How many IT techs does it take to change a lightbulb	 Ticket closed: Forwarded to facilities.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One. We are efficient, and lack humor.
How do you keep a bunch of redditors in suspense	 I'll post the punchline later.
How can a man go 7 days without sleeping	 Sleep at night
How much does it cost a pirate to pierce his ears	 A buccaneer!
How many ears does Leonard Nimoy have	 3. A left ear, a right ear, and the final frontier.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	 A Brazilian
How did pinocchio find out that he was made out of wood	 His hand caught fire.
How does R. Kelly respond when girls ask for a rating on a ten scale	 Urinate
How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb	 One to hold it and the rest of the world to spin around them.
How do you call a meerkat	 C'meerkat.
How do you know when the king of Egypt is horny	 ...From all the Pharaoh moans.
How does a black woman know that she's pregnant	 The baby starts picking cotton off her tampons. (aaannnd i'll see myself out)
How do you get a job with Apple	 Be born in China.
How do you call... ...a girl that only dates men who own expensive cars	 Porschetitute.
How do you know your friends are pleased with your Facebook post	 They like it!
How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 If it's their lightbulb, none of your damn business.
How much do pirates charge for piercings	 A buck an ear.
How about a month filled with stress and obligation	 - Pitch for December
How does a witch doctor ask a girl to dance 	 'Voodoo like to dance with me ?'
How can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator	 One you'll see in a while, the other you'll see later. Credit to Mitch hedburg
How do you know you are dating a women, not a girl	 A girl has no name.
How could 911 have been an outside job If the planes came from the inside	
How long does it take a black woman to take out the trash	 9 months.
How do kids from chernobyl count to a 100	 On their fingers
How do sailors finish a corny joke on a boat	 Ba dum ship.
How is it when my son has homework,I have to be involved	? Dude,I already did my time.
How to do you find Will Smith in the snow	 You follow the fresh prints.
How can you mend King Kong's arm if he's twisted it	 With a monkey wrench.
How many bruthas does it take to clean a kitchen	 None, that's women's work!
How did the ancient Greeks seperate the men from the boys	 With a crowbar.
How do cows measure time	 In mooments
How fast are black people allowed to go on the highway	 25 to Life.
How do you guys think the Germans will do in the Olympics this year	 Not too well considering they can't finish a race.
How many tickles... How many tickles before a squid starts to laugh	 Ten tickles
How do you make a computer your best friend	 You buy it a nice bunch of software and get it loaded!
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods	 Pretty good. (   )
How do you get a musician off your porch	 Pay for the pizza.
How does the Rabbi make his coffee	 Hebrews it
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb	 Just the two... but it takes a whole dedicated team at emergency to remove it.
How do you get to Carnegie Hall	 take a taxi
How do you make a musician's car more aerodynamic	 You take the pizza delivery sign off
How can this cop expect me to show him my license when he took it away last month	 What an Idiot.
How do you kill a whole Circus at once	 Aim for the Juggler...
How does Yo-Yo Ma answer the phone	 Cello?
How many Kings of Spain abdicated last week	 Just Juan
How many redditors does it take to point out a repost	 All of them.
How can you tell if you're texting with a dyslexic pervert	 You get this: ===D==8=
How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer	 ...you put the duck in the microwave on high until it's Bill Withers.
How do you call playing games while it snows heavily	 Blizzard Entertainment.
How many Catholics can you fit in a habit	 Nun
How do you "titty fuck" a seven-year old	 Break her shoulders
How many times can you subtract the number 5 from 25	 Only once, and then you are subtracting it from 20.
How does a metalworker like his Steak cooked	 wel-dern
How do you say "I surrender" in french	 "Bonjour"
How to tell if you're wearing too much Axe: 1. Are you wearing Axe	 No- Good. Yes- That's too much.
How old is Cam Brain	 As old as trilobites.
How do you pay for incense	 In cents
How many handles do a black dude's coffin have	 Have you ever seen a dumpster with four?
How did Obama celebrate his reelection	 He hosted a Democratic Party.
How long does it take to burn a candle down 	 About a wick !
How much semen does a catholic priest have	 A butt load...
How did NBC respond to someone who criticized their broadcasting	 I (*commercial break*) can't (*commercial break*) understand (*commercial break*) your accent (*commercial break*).
How can you tell when Halloween is coming too soon	 The sight of premature Ejack-o-lanterns in the neighborhood. I'm a Dad so this joke is OK
How does Robin Williams go thrift shopping	 Good Will Hunting
How do Canadians say Milky Way	 Milky Eh.... Get it?
How do you eat an Indian taco	 Lift her gut.
How do you tell a hypocrite from a normal person	 The hypocrite's the one that exists.
How many rocks did Hank Schrader have in his collection by the end of Breaking Bad	 None, they were all minerals.
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb	 One can't, but two can.
How is sex like air	 It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
How does good king wenceslas like his pizza	 (An old classic) Deep and crisp and even
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas	 He felt his presents!
How do people in Nor Cal get around	 Hella copters
How many terrorist does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they just hold a knife to its throat and threaten to execute it if it doesn't change itself
How many redditors does it take to send a letter	 Three. One to post it, and two to repost it.
How does Matthew McConaughey like his sandwiches	 On rye on rye on rye.
How do you turn a fox in to an elephant	 Marry it.
How do you test a saltshaker 	 You call in a redditor.
How do Freudians describe the human mind	 As a huge ENEMA, I mean huge enigma.....
How do you catch a unique cat	 Unique up on it
How much does a cockney spend on shampoo	 Paan ten.
How do you know if a pepper is starting a fight with you	 It gets jalapeno face.
How did the Australian make the Olympics	 He koala-fied!!!!! Buh-duh-tss
How does Snoop Dogg keep his canine teeth white	  BLEEEEEE-YATCH!
How do cities decide who gets to be in charge of wastewater management	 They hold a runoff election.
How did SkyMall go bankrupt	 I bought all my wife's birthday presents there before she left me.
How does the guy who drives the snowplow  get to work	
How do you start a hedgehog race	 Say "GAH".
How do you make seven even	 Take the s off.
How did you know I was a member of Al Qaida	 Was it my knees? Do I have terrorist's knees? Oh, the bomb. Not the knees then? That's good.
How do the female members of the Human League Ovulate	 They use their Philoaklian tubes
How does Ice-Cube drink his milk	 Straight Outta Carton.
How many blondes does it take to make a great joke	 Yes.
How did they get from one floor of the Death Star to another	 In the elevader!
How do you win a superbowl without cheating	 I don't know, I'm a Patriots fan
How many women does it take to bring down Herman Cain	 Nine-Nine-Nine
How to tell if your kid is doing drugs 1. Are your drugs missing	
How can a line be both short and long	 It's a long line of midgets!
How much did King Kong get paid for his latest movie	 A gorillian dollars
How much do pirates pay for their earrings	 About a buccaneer!
How many tutors does it take to make a wild dog literate	 It takes two to make a dingo write.
How Are Women And Rocks Alike	 You Skip The Flat Ones.
How many gears does a French Tank have	 5. 4 reverse and 1 forward for parades.
How does a hamster propose to his girlfriend	 With a hamst-ring! I'm sorry.
How often do I see alligators	 Ocajunally
How do you know when to use "fridge" or "refrigerator"	 Open it, if there's a 'd' in it, it's a fridge.
How will the whales ever evolve if we keep pushing them back in the water	
How does Snoop Dogg keep his shirts so white	 BLE-YATCH!
How do you tell X chromosomes from Y chromosomes	 You pull down their genes.
How do you know that the drum riser is level	 The drummer dribbles out of both corners of his mouth
How do you console someone with bad Grammar Skills 	 There, Their, They're.
How do you call Kanye West's pizza	 Cheezy Jeezy.
How does a white girl prepare for the world	 Basic training.
How do you silence an Italian	 Cut off his hands
How are the Oakland Raiders like the mailman	 Neither one delivers on Sunday!
How do you stop the Polish army on horseback	 Unplug the merry-go-round.
How did Link win the basketball game for his team	 He used the Hookshot!
How do epileptics greet people	 They shake.
How do you stop a 6'4" 300lb black kid from charging	 You take away his EBT card.
How can you tell if a person's a vegan	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you call an unlocked phone 	 Married and virgin.
How do you change the number of sides in a pentagon	 You intersect it with a plane.
How many morons does it take to change a lightbulb	 14,000. 1 to hold the lightbulb, 4 to hold the chair, and 13,995 to spin the house.
How many times can you watch the Godfather movies before you're bored	 More than a Coppola times....Solozzo times I guess..don't be a Fredo gettin' addicted to it.... It's Kay :)
How many mutants do you need to take over a Ship	 5 MutantA MutantB MutantC MutantD and Mutiny
How do epileptics keep fit	 With strobe lights.
How do triangles communicate	 Sin language
How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb	 Need to know ASAP.
How do you call Niggeria leaving EU	 blackout
How do you spell badly	 With a broken magic wand.
How is college like a woman	 It takes forever to get in, and nine months later you wish you hadn't come.
How did John Lennon like his Pop Tarts	 Strawberry filled forever.
How do you call a dog without legs	 you don't you go and grab him
How does the Karate Kid pleasure himself	 Wax off
How did Moses feel after falling for a craigslist scam	 Egypt.
How many ears does Captain Picard have	 A right ear. A left ear. And a final front ear.
how many ears does Captain Kirk have	 Three, the right ear, the left ear and the final frontier
How to end world hunger 	 By letting the hungry die.
How did the Ethiopian escape prison	 He squeezed through the bars.
How many contortionists fit in the trunk of a regular sedan	 Depends on the size of the pieces.
How do you summon a wizard taxi	 CABRACADABRA!
How does it change many dyslexics to take a lightbulb	 well many how???
How did the french guy feel when he got hit by a piece of bread	 He felt pain.
How do you upset a plumber	 Kidnap his princess.
How do you spell Canada in Canadian	 C, eh! N, eh!, D, eh!
How many vegetarians does it take to eat a bacon cheeseburger	 One, if no one's looking.
How do you catch a red elephant	 With a red elephant trap.
How does the female reproductive system like to order its eggs	 Ovaries-y
How many Brazilian national football players does it take to change a lightbulb	 No one knows - every time they pick one up, they end up giving it away.
How do you make a butterfly 	 Flick it out of the butter dish with a knife !
How do you cure the hiccups	 Dunk your head in a bucket of water and pull it out twice.
How does clickbait work	 Just grab this electrical cable. Then what happens? WHAT HAPPENS NEXT WILL SHOCK YOU!!!!!
How do you know if someone grew up in New York City	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you tell a chemist from a non-chemist	 Ask them to pronounce 'unionized.'
How do you find a blind man at a nudist colony	 It's not hard
How do polish people show gratitude	 They say thansk.
How do you take a pig to hospital	 By hambulance!
How can you make a moth ball 	 Hit it with a fly swatter.
How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers	 With relish
How do you clean a seat for a woman	 Wipe your face
How did the date go	 -Not good. Aww what went wrong? -*thinks back to accidentally popping a zit into her soup* She just wasn't my type.
How do you improve public transportation in Ferguson, MI	 Move the trees closer together.
How often do i make jokes about chemistry	 Periodically.
How does moses make coffee	 Hebrews it
How many beans are in Irish bean soup	 Two-thirty-nine. One more and it'd be too farty.
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do you greet a Rastafarian who's out of work	 jahbless
How do you make a small fortune in the movie industry	 You spend a large fortune *ba dum tiss*
How many light bulbs does it take to change a person	 None. Light bulbs don't change anything.
How many wizards does it take to change a lightbulb	 Depends what you want it to change into...
How do you call 8 Hobbits	 A Hobbyte
How many sorority girls does it take to change a light bulb	 Six. One to change it, one to take pictures and four to make t-shirts for the event.
How many pilots does it take to change a light bulb	 None it is done by the automatic pilot.
How did the crazy man get across the forrest	 He took the psycho path. (   )
How do you annoy a Reddittor	 Repost
How can you tell if Michael Jackson has company	 Q. How can you tell if Michael Jackson has company? A. There's a big wheel parked outside his house.
How many dwarves does it take to paint a room red	 It depends how hard you throw then against the wall.
How did the burglary tournament work	 it was a round robbin'
How did Hitler become a hero	 He killed Hitler.
How do you find white Canadian reggae musician Snow in the snow	 You ask an informer
How many dead babies does it take to confuse a blond woman	 to get to the other side....
How many babies does it take to open a door	 It depends on how hard you can throw.
How do you tell if there's a Pilot in the room	 They've already told you.
How do you build suspense in people	
How do you tell a rabbit from a gorilla	 A rabbit doesn't look like a gorilla.
How many potatoes do you need to kill an Irish man	 None
How do you see that a linedancer came from Belgium and not from the Netherlands	 He wears the cardboard box on his boots.
How do you make 30 senior citizens swear	 Shout "Bingo!" before them
How did the redneck find the goat in the tall grass	 Satisfying.
How do you cut the Roman empire in half	 You use a pair of Caesars
How do you find the blind guy at a nudist colony	 It ain't hard.
How is education going to make me smarter	
How does Samsung know its most loyal customers	 They check with the burn ward. (I'll get my coat)
How do Humans Reproduce	 A: Sexually B: Sexually C: Sexually
How many Mormons does it take to change a lightbulb	 Ten. One to actually change the lightbulb and nine to bring refreshments
How do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher	 Calculator!
How does the Pirate watch his movie	 He PIRATES them off line. (Or torrents them off Pirates Bay) =)
How does a T-Rex like its meat	 RRRRAAAAAWWWWWWW
How do you even get a permit to build a city on rock and roll	
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None, they would just beat the room for being dark.
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One. They hold it in place and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How does an insane man get through the forest	 By taking the psychopath. hhhhehehhehe good one right? yeh? no..? ok.
How many Chicago Policemen does it take to crack an egg	 None. It fell down the stairs.
How does Luke Skywalker get through the forest	 Ewoks
How do you know when there is a snowman in  your bed 	 You wake up wet !
how much does a deer cost	 its "radyr" - its funny because in Denmark radyr means two things - "very expensive" and "doe"
How do monkeys go down the stairs	 They slide down the banana-ster! :D
How do you spot Will Smith in a snowstorm	 You look for the fresh prints.
How many roadies does it take to change a lightbulb	 Two, two, two
How do you stop a dog howling in the back of a car	 Put him in the front.
How ironic is it that gay marriage is legal, but conservatives are the ones getting butthurt	
How can you tell a blonde is having a really bad day	 Her tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil!
How did the witch almost lose her baby	 She didn't take it far enough into the woods.
How does Queen Elizabeth win a game of poker	 She goes to the bathroom.
How does a duck pay for lipstick	 She puts it on her bill
How many accident-prone people does it take to change a lightbulb	 We're on our sixth.
How many bears would Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears	
How much free space does Europe have 	 1 GB.
How many biblical figures does it take to get Donald Trump elected president	 Two Corinthians.
How do you know when a hiptser is a good secret agent	 You've never heard of him.
How many Roman pirates does it take to change a light bulb	 I I
How do u make a Pirate angry	 Take the P out of him.
How did Pinocchio find out he was made of wood	 His hand caught fire.
How does a Mathematician hang them selves	 With a hypotenuse.
How can a cat walk with no feet	 He can't, it's impawsible.
How do you get a one-armed monkey out of a tree	 Wave at him
How many developers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, that's a hardware problem
How did the potato get back from the party	 It booked a Tuber.
How does Dallas Cowboys fans change a lightbulb	 They don't... they just talk about how good the old one was.
How can you tell what rank a Russian soldier is	 Count the stripes on his track pants.
How do blondes like their eggs	 Unfertilized
How much does automail cost	 An arm and a leg.
How many people died on the Titanic	 A boatload.
How many transgender people does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one. But they have to sit in the dark room for a year, first, to make sure that the lightbulb is *definitely* out.
How can you tell that microchips are made in the US and not the UK	 Because if they were made in the UK they would be called microcrisps.
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist beach	 It's not hard..
How many frat boys does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they prefer natural light
How is a librarian like a sex addict	 Their favorite past time is between the covers.
How do fireflies lose weight	 They burn calories.
How can you tell who's the head nurse at a hospital	 It's the one who has knee pads on.
how do I know I'm old	 I can hear teens having a good time and I'm mad about it
How do beekeepers keep their bees so chill	 They smoke them out.
How can you tell if a farmer is a good farmer	 He's out standing in his field
How do you date a ghost	 You 'WOOOO' him!
How do Icelandic dogs bark	 Bjork Bjork
How do you know you can't trust doctors and lawyers	 Because they both "practice" their professions.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb	 One, or two? One .... or two?
How did Skrillex get Potassium Hydroxide all over the floor	 He dropped the base.
How do boats apologise	 S**oar**ry!
How to comfort a homosexuals family if hes in a coma	 You can always say "well, look at it this way; he was a fruit, now hes a vegetable!"
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a lightbulb	 One, he holds up the bulb and the world revolves around him
How do you tell the difference between a triathlete and biathlete	 A triathlete doesn't go both ways.
How many black guys does it take to cook chicken	 None. Blacks belong in the fields, woman belong in the kitchen.
How many population geneticists does it take to change a light bulb	 It's independent of population size.
How does a blond like her eggs in the morning	 "fertilized"
How did the cynic die	 He died of liver failure. He took everything with a pinch of salt.
How many eggs did Kelly Clarkson eat for Easter	 All of them. (It's timely if not funny, right?)
How does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout	 ... Eats his first Brownie!
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 1 Brazilian
How do you know when your roommate is gay	 His dick tastes like shit..
How can you tell if a man is cheating on you	 He has a bath more than once a month.
How do you get a horse out of jail	 Hay bail.
How many mods does it take to change a lightbulb	 [deleted]
How many mice does it takes to screw, in a lightbulb	 Two, as always.
How do we know that slaves went to college	 They all had masters
How do you know when a blonde has been using your computer	 There is white-out on the screen. How do you know that another blonde has been using the computer? Someone has written on the white-out.
How did one gold atom greet the other gold atom	 'ey you.
How do metal guitarists handle their expensive instruments	 Very Djently.
How did one Brain apologise to the other	 I'm cerebro
How exactly was a black hole sun supposed to wash away the rain, Soundgarden	
How many tickles does it take to make laugh an octopus 	 Ten tickles
How do you kiss a girl on valentines day	 You use tulips.
How do you keep a man in suspense	
How dwarfs have sex 	 Little by little !
How many dead hookers does it take to change out the light in my basement	 Well...apparently more than four.
How did the media find out that princess Diana had dandruff	 They saw her head and shoulders in the glove compartment
How did the group of 4 dogs win the golf tournament	 They combined for 16 paws.
How do you know the blind exist... if they've never been sighted	
How do you make a fruit cordial	 Be nice to him.
How does a psychic open a bag of chips	 They Tarot.
How do you tell a Communist joke	 Repeatedly.
How do you make the Reddit front page	 (Repost)
How does George W. Bush do well on his high school midterms	 He uses study strategeries.
How much space is left in EU	 1 GB
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snow plow	 Give her a shovel
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if you crushed his spirit by telling him how worthless he was and deprived him of a good education	
How does an Arab farmer find his goat in the sand dunes	 Very satisfying.
How come does Luke Skywalker does not have a girlfriend	 He was looking for love in Alderaan places
How did the Trump supporter find his sister in the woods	 Not bad.
How did the dog make anti-freeze	 He stole her blanket.
How do we know a blind man created mermaids	 He smelled the bottom half of a woman..
How many tries does it take to get to the front page	 A LOT.
How is a woman who got her winter coat at Target similar to an officer on leave	 They both got their fur low.
How many shrinks does it take to change a tire	 Well, first the tire really has to want to change...
How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two, and a really big lightbulb.
How do you tell the difference between a terrorist and a tenured professor	 You can negotiate with a terrorist.
How do you know your sister is having her period	 When your fathers dick taste like blood.
How do you stop a bull from charging	 Take away his credit card.
How did Samwell Tarly survive against white walkers	 survival of the fattest
How do you get a 300 pound woman into bed	 piece of cake
How does a witch make scrambled eggs	 She holds the pan and gets two friends to make the stove shake with  fright.
How can you tell when a Canadian is successful	 He dies in his LA home at 82.
How did David Copperfield get HIV	 From doing Magic.
How do you get down off an elephant	 You don't. You get down off a duck.
How do you stop an elephant from charging	 Vivisection.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced	 A buccaneer.
How many recruits does it take to change a lightbulb	 Five. One to change the lightbulb and four road guards.
How does a cricket know if his joke has bombed	
How do terrorist surfers spend free time at Guantanamo Bay	 WATERBOARDING!!!
How do you make a candle really happy...	 Blow it out, it'll be delighted
How do we know for sure that Darth Vader isn't black	 Because he keeps on saying "I am your father"
How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy...	 How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy and say, "Congratulations" but no one rubs the guy's balls and says "Good job"?!
How do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving	 Depends
how do you know when a computer geek likes you	 he looks at your feet instead of his own...
How about the No Bucket Challenge	 Basically you just give a charity some money and don't tell anyone about it.
How come wrong numbers are never busy	
How do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit	 Unique up on it. How do you catch a very calm rabbit? The tame way.
How many Scientologists does it take to change a light bulb	 None: the light bulb must find $80,000 to become clear, then it will have the self-determination to change itself.
How is snow white	  -Pretty good according to the 7 dwarfs
How many comedians does it take to change a light bulb	 Dunno. Never been able to get them past the question.
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb	 ...2, but how'd they get in there.
How does a butcher introduce his wife to his friends	 "Meet Patty"
How many girls does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know, you tell me.
How many Social Justice Warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, just the one black guy they get to do it so they can tell him how oppressed he is.
How do you get a stranger to hop onto a bandwagon	 You poke 'em on.
How come there's a History Channel that tells us what happened but not a Future Channel that tells us what's about to happen	 That's racist.
How is a lady like a casino	 Liquor in the front and poker in the back
How can you make a small fortune	 start with a big one
How does every Black joke start	... By looking over your shoulder
How can you tell if a duck has soul	 If it's bill withers!
How are beer nuts like deer nuts	 You can find a small bag of each under a buck.
How come if ants are always so busy they always get  time to show up at picnics 	
How do attractive men pay for things	 They handsome money to the cashier
How did the scientist like his guacamole	 With lots of Avogadro!
How do you organize wet books	 With the mildewy decimal system!
How do you call a deer with no eyes	 No idea.
How do you make the spying NSA frustrated	
How does a designer's laugh sound like	 Hue Hue Hue Hue
How do Jedis close their programs on a Mac	 They use Force quit.
How much hummus did the anorexic Arab eat	 A tahini bit!
how can you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday	 Tell her a joke Wednesday.
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant	 Burger King didn't wrap his Whopper.
How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris	 Nobody knows because they've never tried
How do bored cows sound like	 Meh
How do Alabama parents teach their kids to put on their underwear	 Yellow in the front, brown in the back.
How does Justin Beiber remove a condom	 He farts.
How do lesbian carpenters work	 No studs. All tongue in groove.
How does a Welshman find a sheep in tall grass	 Very satisfying.
How did the sheep get a Nobel Prize	 It was out standing in its field!
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day	 F5
How does Harry Potter travel about	 Walking -Jk Rolling
How do you get three old ladies to say the "F" word	 Yell "BINGO!"
How can you tell the inventor of the toothbrush was from West Virginia	 If he was from anywhere else it would be called a teethbrush.
How many indie bands does it take to change a light bulb	 Eh, it's some number you've probably never heard of.
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	 None they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How Can You Tell When The NSA is Monitoring Your Computer	 The power is on and you're connected to the internet.
How many protesters does it take to change a lightbulb	 **TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING**
How do you make five pounds of fat look good	 Put a nipple on it!
How can you know if somebody watches Doctor Who	 They'll make sure you know.
How do you say constipated in German	 Fahfrompoopin
How did Michael Jackson get food poisoning	 He ate a 10 year old wiener.
How can Peter Pan fly	 You'd fly too if somebody panned your peter.
How many dull people does it take to change a light bulb	 One
How does Geppetto exact his revenge on Monstro the Whale	 Marry a net maker
How do you know that Beyonce is a hardcore programmer	 VB ALL NIGHT!!!!!
How does NASA organize their Christmas party	 They planet
How much for the best friend	 Manager : Sir, we've been through this, our cashiers aren't for sale.
How is a photon like an abandoned church	 They have no mass.
how do you get 100 babies in a trash can	 blender!... how do you get them back out? ... doritos!
How many dub-step artists does it take to clean a bathtub	 100\. One to actually clean it, and 99 to talk about how dirty it is.
How can you get a cannibal to go away	 Give him the finger.
How many Frenchmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Just one to hold it in place while the rest of Europe runs circles around it.
How come the dog never finished his game	 He was stuck on paws. Forgive me reddit senpai
How Moses makes his tea	 Hebrews it.
How do find the blind man at the nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How are Jail and Olive Garden Similar	 Free Endless Salad Tossing
How'd you keep an idiot in suspense	 I'll tell you later.
How did Genghis Khan conquer Mongolia	 One steppe at a time.
How can you tell someone is vegan	 Don't worry, they'll tell you
How do you tell if someone's an introvert	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How did the urologist ruin his Christmas	 [OC] He looked inside Santa's sack.
How do you know that you are a redditor	 I'll tell you tomorrow.
How do you put a condom on a elephant	 You take the c out of ice and the f out of weigh.
How do you stop an Italian from talking	 Tie his hands together
How did a hipster burn his mouth	 Drank his coffee before it was cool
How much do the potatoes cost	 "How much do the potatoes cost?" - "2.50" - "And the bag" - "The bag is free" - "Ok, give me the bag"
How is pussy like veal	 It tastes sweeter the younger it is.
How can you tell if a dictionary has been working out	 You can see the definition.
How do you get a drummer off your doorstep	 You pay for the pizza.
How do you get a drummer off your porch	 Pay for the pizza.
How do you get over Trump's wall	 With the help of a Trumpoline.
How many Brits does it take to change a broken lightbulb	 None. They just move out of the house.
How do you catch a Swedish fish	 With a gummy worm as bait
How did the flea learn to use the  internet	 He had to start from scratch.
How do you become president of Russia	 You gotta Put-in the hours
How do you stop the dog trying to hump your leg	 Suck his dick.
How many plug-in air fresheners does it take to mask the decay of human flesh	 I'm asking for for a friend.
How do you make an English Muffin blush	 You nook at its crannies.
How do you know a cat is ready to leave	 He makes a fe-line for the door.
How does a Syrian family have a meal	 The men provide the food and the women do the cooking, leaving the children to wash up afterwards.
How are a Christmas tree and a priest alike 	 They both have ornamental balls.
How do you hydrate a 2 year old at Disney World	 Gatorade
How does Santa know if he lands on a Jewish house	 There's a parking meter on the roof.
How do you know you're talking to a sales guy	 He says "I'm not a sales guy".
How many Vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger	 Only one... if no one is looking!
How does Anakin Skywalker get around the Death Star	 He takes the elevader. *Sith floor, please.*
How's my life	 Let's just say I'm starting a lot of sentences with "let's just say".
How do porcupines play leapfrog	 Very carefully
How do American chickens cross the road	 In a bucket.
How many psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb	 "How many do you think it takes?"
How much do deodorant factory workers get paid	 A pittance.
How many Apple executives does it take to change a light bulb	 They dont. They turn it into the hype of the new generation.
How do you circumcuse a whale	 You send four skin divers down to it
How can a blind person tell if they're home	 They check the architexture.
How do fat women defy physics	 Because the heavier they get, the easier they are to pick up.
How did Donald Trump earn his millions	 He started with his dad's billions.
How do you know if you're a bogan	 You let your 15 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table... in front of her kids.
How many frat guys does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They prefer Natural Light.
How do you make tear-free soap	 Don't use child labor.
How did the telephones get married 	 In a double ring ceremony !
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None, they'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
How do you sell a dog to someone hard of hearing	 Get really close to their ear and shout, "DO YOU WANNA BUY A DOG?"
How does Steve Bannon, Trump's Senior Chief Strategist feel after he gets over a cold	 Alt-Right
How tall do you have to be to ride a Kanye West rollercoaster	 About Ye big.
How Many Running Backs Does It Take To Turn On A Light	 Two. One to find the switch...the other to hit it.
How would you describe your past work	 [Cut to me picking up coins off sidewalks and taking them to CoinStar] -Change management.
How many christians does it take to change a lightbulb	 three, but they're really one
How many tickles does it take for an octopus to laugh	 Tentickles.
How does Jennifer Lopez like her cheese	 From the block.
How are Americans and poles similar	 Running into one could really ruin your day.
How many /r/twoxchromosomes posters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Ten. 1 to screw in the lightbulb, and the other 9 to provide emotional support.
How do the Lannisters save money on new beds	 They push Two twins together to make a King
How can you tell if Trump is lying	 His lips move. How can you tell if Clinton is lying? [deleted]
How many hairs are in a dog's tail	 None. They are all on the outside.
How to sink a submarine with 10 blondes in it	 You knock on the door.
How man Sah Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None fam it's already lit! Sah duude!
How much calcium is in a kiss	 Enough to make a bone hard.
How do you know if someone owns an Apple Watch	 Don't worry, they will tell you.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two, but I've no idea how they got in there!
How do spies eat their waffles	 Syruptitiously!
How many dancers does it take to change a Light bulb 	 5,6,7,8.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited	 He's breathing.
How did the media know JFK was cheating on his wife	 They saw him getting blown in the back seat.
How does Sherlock prefer his tea	 Steeped in mystery!
How big is the US-Mexico border wall going to be	 It's gonna be YUGE!!!
How do you jump out of a fifteen-floors building without getting hurt	 You jump from the 1st one.
How do you compliment a girl with a cold sore	 You tell her that her smile is contagious.
How do you know Axe was invented by black people	 If it was white people who invented it, it would be called Ask.
How do snowmen read their e-mails	 With an icy-stare!
how do you organize a party in space	 you planet.
How does Donald Trump plan to silence the terrorists	 Muzzle 'em
How do dinosaurs smell	 Ex-stinky
How do Jewish people celebrate Christmas	 They all gather around their cash registers and sing "What a Friend We Have In Jesus..."
How do you get a guitar player to shut up	 Put sheet music in front of him
How do you feel when there's no more coffee	 depresso
How is a woman like a bar	 Liquor in the front, poker in the back  (   )
How many /r/news mods does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 I don't know, but it only takes one to get it [removed]
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb	 Three, one to climb the ladder, one to shake it, and one to sue the ladder company.
How do long distance runners send e-mail	 On the sprin-ternet.
How do you fit an elephant into a string bikini	 You take the "s" out of "sex" and the "f" out of "way."
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in the tall grass	 Very satisfying. Retweaked joke: How does a (insert nationality here) find a sheep in the tall grass? Very (insert extremely lustful emotion here)!
How did I know my joke was not alright with my audience	 They all left.
How do you top a truck	 tep on the brake tupid
How did the stoner die	 Blunt force trauma.
How do you confuse a drummer	 Give him sheet music
How are Jimmy Carter and the Long Island Railroad the same	 They both pull out of Roslyn every morning at 8:15.
How much does it cost to kill Tony Stark's parents	 Just one buck.
how can you tell if someone is vegan	 Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
How can you tell someone's an atheist	 You can't. They'll always tell you first.
How do you get a blonde to marry you	 Tell her she's pregnant.
How much for the soulmate	 Ma'am, that's a bag of Doritos.
How do you make a woman orgasm	 Who gives a fuck
How many dead babies does it take to fill up my house	 One more.
How do Indian chiefs send messages	 By teepee-mail!
How about some snappy one-liners	 Ironically, the only way you could get me to watch 50 shades of gray is if you tied me up and forced me to watch it.
How do Sesame Street characters reproduce	 Big bird's eggs and ABCmen.
How do you get an r/jokes redditor confused	 loading...
How do you cut a Emo sandwich	 Trick question, it cuts itself.
How many letters are there in the  alphabet	 Eleven. T-H-E A-L-P-H-A-B-E-T.
How do you get dragon milk	 A cow with short legs
How do you order a bill in Australian restaurant	 Cheque, mate! --- Maybe not the funniest buy posting because: My. My own. My precious...
How did the nucleus escape from prison	 Through the cell wall
How many Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but it takes 5 episodes.
How do you pronounce the capital of Kentucky, Loo-e-ville or Loo-is-ville	 I pronounce it Frankfort.
How does Ohm conduct an orchestra	 Standing on his head!
How that we are engaged I hope you'll give  me a ring. Of course. What's your phone number 	
How is a banana peel on the sidewalk like music	 If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
How does a dog play Hendrix on guitar	 With a chihuahua pedal.
How'd you come up with the idea	 Inventor of pac man: I took a bunch of pills one night and ate a ghost. I thought "now here's something"
How does a penguin build its house	 Igloos it together!
How fast can a bear run	 As fast as it can bear.
How you control your anger Father to son: whenever i beat you, you dont get annoyed, how you control your anger	 son: i start cleaning the toilet seat with your toothbrush
How does Samuel L Jackson create fire with an orange	 He uses Pulp Friction
How does the Easter Bunny stay healthy	 Eggsercise particularly hareobics!
How many white people does it take to change a light bulb	 One, they just need to call a repairman.
How do you know you are at r/jokes	 The guys all look like they played football for Bronx HighSchool of Science
How does Harry Potter get down the hill	 Walking. Edit: JK rolling.
How does Darth Vader know what Luke is getting for Christmas	 He felt his presents.
How many women fits in a monk monastery	 Nun.
How do you silence a group of women	 Bring out your camera.
How did Harry Potter get down the mountain	 Running!... JK, Rowling.
How do you blindfold an Asian	 With Dental Floss
How are relationships like algebra	 You look at your X and try to find out Y
How do you keep an amish girl happy	 Two men a night.
How did Kikkoman soy sauce move production to China	 They outsauced it.
How do you turn a fox into a whale	 Marry her.
How do you steal a coat	 You jacket
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a light bulb	 More than ten because my basement is still dark.
How does one robber ask another how they're doing	 "How are you holding up?"
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance worth	 One Pence
How do you get Lady Gaga to leave you alone	 You Poke-r Face.
How did Moses part the Red Sea	 He used a Sea-saw.
How did you know that the janitors were dating	 They were caught sweeping together.
How many mothers-in-law does it take to change a light bulb	 One. She just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How Old Is Your Father Teacher: "How old is your father	" Boy: "As old as me." Teacher: "How can that be?" Boy: "He became a father only when I was born?"
How Can You Identify a Bald Eagle	 All his feathers are combed to one side
How do you endanger the fly species	 Slap an African child.
How do you tell a bad joke from a good joke	 You skip the punchline.
How does our solar system organize a party	 They Planet
How does a redneck find a sheep in his field	 Sexy.
How come Rhonda Rousey had a hard time making friends when she was younger	 Because she was Holm schooled.
How many trumpet players does it take to change a lightbulb	 13, 1 to actually do it and the other 12 talk about how much better they could have done it.
How do you reject a French girl	 Just say neaux.
How is making cheese like invading Syria	 You get some Kurds in the way.
How do you know you're getting old	 When you exit a museum, you trigger the alarm.
How do you make Obama's eyes light up	 Shine a flashlight in his ears
How do you make a chicken salad	 Make a salad and give it to a chicken.
How did the stoner propose to his girlfriend	 Marriage, you wanna?
How can you tell if a girl is a lesbian	 Look really closely at her tongue.... If it's in another girls vagina, she's a lesbian
How are Polish Girls like Hockey Players	 They both change pads after 3 periods
How long does it take for a woman to have an orgasm	 Who cares?
How does Alabama keep alcohol out of high school	 Change the drinking age to 25
How long do you have to work at KFC before they make you a colonel	
How is food purchased an an Irish grocery	 You buy it per-tater
How do you call a dog with no legs 	 You don't call it, you pick it up.
How are vegans okay with drinking water	 They can't eat meat, but they can just destroy a fish's home for a glass of water?
How do you lower the United State's debt problem	 Elect a female president.
How do you know a stranger could be an engineer	 Don't worry they'll tell you.
How do you fit 100 babies into a cup	 A blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips.
How does NASA organize a party	 They planet.
How does Bono spell color	 With or without "u"
How far can a rabbit run into the woods	  Halfway. After that she's running out of the woods.
How do zombies celebrate Halloween	 They paint the town dead!
How are you supposed to buy a gift for your mom as an adult	 It's like, oh you gave birth to me? Please enjoy this fancy candle.
How did the scarecrow win an award	 He was outstanding in his field.
How many shares of Facebook stock do I have to buy to disable my mom's "Like" button	
How do mathematicians become engineers	 You just gotta apply yourself.
How can you make a soup rich	 Add 14 carrots (carats) to it.
How many Unidans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Six: one to screw it in and five to cheer him on loudly while standing in front of other people's bulbs so no one can see them.
How do you circumcise a guy from Wyoming	 Kick his sister in the chin.
How does a Space Marine from Warhammer 40K get fit	 By doing Squats.
How long do owls live	 Six and a half books.
How do you get a bass player off your porch	 Pay him for the pizza.
How do you eat soup with chop sticks	 Slowly.
How much did the critic tip the waiter	 Two cents
How does a crackhead order their whiskey	 On the rocks
How many nihilists does it take to change a lightbulb	 They don't see the point and just sit in the dark.
How do rabbits get to work	 By rabbit transit!
How does the enthusiastic man eat his hot dog	 With relish.
How do you become a hobbit	 Eat, shrink and be Merry!
How do you know when you have bad acne	 When the blind try to read your face.
How do people at rodeos heckle the riders	 Moooo!
How do you make a bunch of Redditors mad	 [deleted]
How would you call Hitler if he was a musician 	 DJ Nocide.
How much is a $1,000,000 Bill worth	 Nothing! You can't use it anywhere!
How do you swat one hundred flies at the same time	 Smack an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.
How many feminists	 How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question, they can't change anything.
How can you tell a dog is a cool dog	 It swags its tail.
How long do you have to wear a soul patch before your cravings for souls goes away completely	
How do her parents punish Helen Keller	 By leaving the plunger in the toilet.
How does Popeye lube up his dick	 Sticks it in Olive Oyl.
How long does it take to tune a double bass	 Nobody knows.
How many blonde jokes are there	 One... The rest are true stories.
How do you measure pain	 In Hertz.
How do you help someone with ADD or ADHD	 Send them to a concentration camp!
How's the elevator business	 It has it's ups and downs.
How do you make music by releasing fish	 You drop the bass.
How long did Cain beat his brother	 As long as he was Abel.
How many Brazilians does it take to change a lightbulb	 One Brazillion.
How many Frenchman does it take to defend France	 I don't know. They've never tried.
How did Columbus's men sleep on their ships 	 With their eyes shut !
How many Hilary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	 None- they prefer to be kept in the dark
How does Boomhower describe the Genitals of the Lieutenant from the Reno Police Department	 Dang ol' Dangle dangle.
How does a dark-skinned boy have light-skinned hands	 ...because paint! -my four-year-old daughter.
How many Grateful Dead Fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just watch it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How do you keep a black person from drowning	 You don't
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb	 2: One to screw in the bulb, and one to hold the penis... LADDER, I MEAN LADDER!
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in west virginia	 if it was invented anywhere else it would be the teethbrush idk how this got a dirty label
How do you circumcise a red-neck	 Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do people with acid reflux complain	 errr mer GERD
How does Furious 7 end	 Paul Walker dies.
How do you obtain Kate Upton's nudes	 Easy, go on Twitter right now.
How many tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh	 Ten Tickles
How does a Metal Wizard perform his spells	 He ChromeCasts. anDruid humor.
How is being a middle manager like being stuck in a tree full of monkeys	 Whenever you look down, all you see is grinning faces. Whenever you look up, all you see is assholes.
How did they improve the transportation in Harlem	 Moved the trees closer together.
How do NASA organize a party	 They planet
How many Tourette's syndrome sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Damn fuck shit screw you dickhead just one asshole twat cocksucker.
How do you stop squirrels playing football in the garden	 Hide the ball it drives them nuts!
How does a mustache support his family in the event of his untimely death	 By investing in a shavings account.
How does the train eats 	 Chew Cheww
How many jobs did Speaker Boehner create in the past 4 years as a Speaker	 One, when he left.
How do you hire a teddy bear	 Put him on stilts !
How do you drowned a hipster	 Throw them in the mainstream. Edit: spelling because I'm 5
How come Barbie never got pregnant	 Ken always comes in a different box.
How do girls remember every word of an argument	 I don't remember what I had for dinner and I'm eating it now
How many people with ADD does it take to change a light bulb	 Lets go ride a bike!
How does a queen bee get around her hive 	 She's throne !
How do we not know what women want yet	 There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
How do you make a dog go meow	 Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw. MEEEOWW!!
How do you get an Indian girl pregnant	 Poppadom.
How many emos does it take to screw in a light bulb	 No one knows. When the light turns on they scatter.
How do punctuation marks get freaky	 The comma sutra
How do you tell a chemist no	 Nitrogen Monoxide
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 I don't know, but it's not five, because my basement is still dark.
How do you fit 4 girls on a bar stool	 Flip it over
How do you know if someone's from Texas	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does a sailor suit	 With a bowtie!
How do we know Snow White was a hipster	 She could never say no to apple.
How does a handwriting analyst determine how his lover is feeling	 He looks into his lover's 'I's.
How do you cover 18 holes with one hole	 Have your mom sit down on a golf course.
How did Reese die while eating cereal	 Witherspoon
How many cops shootings does it take to have an indictment	 Error [value unknown]
How are women and cigarettes similar	 The taste changes as you get closer to the butt.
How was the Roman Empire cut in two	 With a pair of Caesars.
How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone in his helmet	 He uses a hans free device
How many eskimos does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two. Obviously.
How do you make stupid people click links	 ...
How come sneezes get a "God Bless You" but coughs get a cold unflinching silence	
How do trees get on the internet	 They log in.
how can you tell you whenyou're in a ring of fire	 When you reach for the Preparation H but accidentally grabbed a BenGay.
How do you say constipated in german	 Farhfrumpoopin'.
How do you call it when a blond girl dyes her hair brunette	 Artificial Intelligence.
How much does a dragon weigh	 Wonton
How much liquid can Monica Lewinskys mouth hold	 One U.S. Liter
How bad is it to poop your pants	 It Depends
How to you read a book	 Just reddit.
How do you make a double bass sound in tune	 Chop it up an turn it into a xylophone
How many designers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Does it really have to be a lightbulb?
How to win an argument with a deaf girl	 Turn off the lights.
How are cancer and pregnancy similar	 They can both be fixed with intense radiation therapy.
How did they come up with Canada's name	 Well first they picked a C, eh. Then an N, eh. Then a D, eh.
How do you make the hippie run out of money	 You hide daddies credit card under a bar of soap.
How was the sound quality of Shrek's musical keyboard	 Nothing special, it was just MIDI-Ogre
How did Al Gore invent the Internet	 With Al-Gore-rithims
How many social scientists does it take to change a light bulb	 None. Social scientists do not change light bulbs; they search for the root cause as to why the last one went out.
How did the tiger escape from the zoo without being spotted	 Tigers have stripes.
HOW DO I CONVINCE EVERYONE THAT I'M NOT UPSET SOMEONE STOLE MY CAPS LOCK KEY	
How many feminazis does it take to change a light bulb	 None Enough light comes in through the glass ceiling
How long did Dorothy, the Scarecrow, and the Cowardly Lion have to wait for the Tin Man	 Ten minutes.
How do you tell if someone online is American	 They keep their caps locked and guns loaded. (Not the best and not original)
How come the NSA whistleblower can't leave Russia	 Because he is snowed in.
How do you know if a joke has been posted on reddit before	 Oh, they'll tell you.
How do you circumcise a Hill-Billy	 You kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you know ancient Egyptians were black	 Because they never dig up daddies.
How much credibility is there in that whole "you can punch yourself handsome" theory	 Asking for a friend.
How much did the pirate pay to have his ears pierced	 a buck an ear
How do you comeback 'I know you are but what am I	" A hypocrite
how to you put a big buffalo in a freezer	??? ZZZZzzzzz dont think it cannot happen just say NO
How do subscribers of r/jokes like their ribs	 Tickled.
How many lead guitarists does it take to change a light bulb	 100; 1 to do it, and 99 to say "I could do that."
How does every black guy joke start	 By looking over your shoulder!
How do you get even with Hellen Keller	 (Comment your favorite Hellen Keller jokes) How do you get even with Hellen Keller? Leave the plunger in the toilet
How do you know if someone doesn't like Football and isn't going to watch the Super Bowl	 They'll tell you
How to not get scolded by your parents if you want GTA V	 Mom! I want to play GTA V! Giant Turtles ATTACK V!
How did the baker put his opponent in checkmate	 with an en croissant
How do you get Americans to care about the Sudanese genocide	 Dress them up as dead lions
How would you describe killing an eagle	 ill-eagle
How does a pregnant black woman fight crime	 Abortion
How many physiotherapists does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They just give the dead bulb some exercises to do and hope it will be working a bit better the next time they see it.
How many dothraki does it take to open a door	 Idk, but they sure are hot.
how many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just shoot the room for being black
How did Helen Keller lose her virginity	 Somebody left the plunger in the toilet.
How do you make a Gorilla laugh	 Tell it an elephant joke!
How many dentists does it take to change a  light bulb	 Three. One to administer the anaesthetic one to extract the light bulb and one to offer the socket some vile pink mouthwash.
How do you call a camel with 3 humps	 With empathy, compassion, and honesty. Cancer is hard news, even for a camel.
How many Steam employees does it take to change a light bulb	 Honestly Im not sure, they havent got back to me yet. It's been 3 weeks.
How do you fit five elephants into a car 	 Two in the front two in the back and the other in the glove  compartment !
How loud can you talk	 -Alcohol
How do you make a cheeseburger sad	 Make it with blue cheese!
How many alzheimers patients does it take to change a light bulb	 To get to the other side.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke would get for Christmas	 He felt his presents.
How does a black mother tell her children apart	 She remembers them by their last names.
How do you fit more pigs on your farm	 Build a sty-scraper!
How do you hear a hormone	 Pay $100 for 30 minutes
How do you circumcise a hillbillly	 Kick his sister in the chin.
How do you make an Ethiopian grow	 Just add water.
How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a light bulb	 You weren't there, man!
How do you make a hot dog stand	 Take away its chair.
How do you start a baby shower	 Throw it into a wood chipper.
How many Karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	 [repost] I don't care. I'm just doing this for the upvotes, but I think the other guy said ten... or 500... something like that.
How many Suh Dude's does it take to change a lightbulb	 None it's already lit fam suh
How do you feel if you cross a sheepdog with a melon 	 Melon-collie !
How do you make any woman wet	 Liquor
How do mob boss mules open doors	 With Don-keys.
How do you call a blond who has colored her hair to brown	 Artificial intelligence!
How many Ron Pauls does it take to change a lightbulb	
How is a bell obedient	 It sounds off only when it is told (tolled).
How Many Lightbulbs Does it Take to Change Captain Jean Luc Picard	 4 or 5.
How do you keep an idiot with RES busy	 loading...
How can you avoid clickbait	 Not like this.
How does one know if balls are ticklish	 Test-Tickle.
How does the china man say "wrong"	 he says "wong"
How long is a battleship. True or false	 Wong! How long is a China man.
How do you know when you're too drunk to drive	 When you swerve to miss a tree and realize it was your air freshener
How much money does the Government pay people with autistic disorder	 Enough to buy a computer that can play League of Legends.
How many members of Linkin Park does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None, cuz in the end it doesn't even matter!!!
How did Stevie Wonder meet his wife	 On a blind date
How British is Adele 	 She would call you at least 1000 times to tell how sorry she is .
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Just two, but you need a fairly big lightbulb.
how big is Jared fogel's sex drive	 bout 5.6TB
How do Communists achieve a revolution every single year	 They planet!
How fast can Klingon's run	 About Warf speed. My mom made this joke up last night at a bbq party. She likes to think she is funnier on holidays. Thanks, Mom.
How do you know you're not logged into reddit	 There are /r/atheism posts on the frontpage
How many sides does a pentagon have	 Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
How many triage nurses does it take to change a light bulb	 One but the bulb will have to spend four hours in the waiting room.
How does Voldemort seal his mail	 With his Parceltongue. (...I'll see myself out)
How do you get to the front page of Reddit	 Take a racist joke and throw Donald Trumps name in the title.
How do you tell which plumber went home for lunch	 He's the one with the clean finger.
How do you make pickle bread	 You need dill dough.
How is a rabbit similar to a plum	 they are both purple, except for the rabbit.
How many dubstep fans does it take to wash a car	 One hundred and one. Two to wash it, one to dry it, and ninety eight to talk about how dirty it was.
How Did Norse Marsupials Write Their Sagas	 In Kangarunes.
How do you request another Mormon wife	 Brigham Young
How is your mom just like a laundromat	 For a dollar in quarters she will take my load.
How many Happy Meals do you need to eat before they start to work	 I've just had six and I feel terrible.
How do you get pickled bread	 With dill-dough. Credit goes to a J. Cain
How is Donald Trump like a pumpkin	 They're both orange on the outside, hollow on the inside, and should have been thrown out in early November.
How do you measure a Villanova graduate's I.Q.	 With a tire gauge.
How can the National Anthem be racist if	. The first words are, " Jose can you see?"
How do male civil unions not end with the phrase "I dude"	
How many Emos does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They prefer to cry in the dark.
How many male chauvinists does it take to change a light bulb	 Zero. Let that bitch cook in the dark
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment	 Ten-ants
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	 One will see you later and one will see you in a while.
How well do people with mesothelioma breathe	 Asbestos they can.
How do you stay warm in a cold room	 You go to the corner cause it's always 90 degrees.
How long does it take for mods to remove a post	 [removed]
How do you make a female chemist feel self conscious	 Ask if her hair is an extensive property
How come when I find a stray dog, take it home, and give it a bath everyone calls me a saint... ...but when I do it with a kid everyone just calls me a priest	
How Am I Doing	 I'll Tell You How I'm Doing Volumes: 1-8
How come anteaters never get sick	 Because they're full of antibodies!
How much time does a black woman takes to take out the trash	 9 months
How are 4chan and Tumblr alike	 They usually announce a trigger warning before mentioning a school shooting
How do you make soup gold	 You put in fourteen carrots.
How does a psychic cokehead tell the future	 With a magic 8-ball
How did the 3 legged frog get across the 4 lane freeway	 Take the F out of Free, and the F out of way and you'll have your answer.
How many debutants can you fit in ballroom at the Waldorf Astoria	 [OC] Like, a cotillion of 'em.
How do camels have sex in the desert	 They dry hump.
How does a Welshman find a sheep in a field of tall grass	 Pleasing.
How do you know when your vegetables are boiled	 Their wheelchair floats to the top.
How can you tell a dog from an elephant	 The elephant remembers.
How long is a pedicure	 2 feet.
How are skunks able to avoid  danger	 By using their instinks and common scents!
How did Micro-soft get it's name	 Because Bill Gates has a 3.5 inch floppy
How do you use a philosophy degree in a professional context	 *Why* would you like fries with that?
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 They don't change it. They just watch it burn out, then follow it around for another 15 years.
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for his Birthday	 He felt his presents.
How many Psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to change the light bulb and another to hold the penis...I mean ladder.
How many people from the future does it take to change a light bulb	 The lightbulb works fine...
How do you tune a fish	 With its scales!
How many Trump protestors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Doesn't matter. Trump protestors won't change anything.
How many lost cats walk by the telephone pole with their missing flier on it	 Just another reason to teach your cat to read.
How do you get four old ladies to yell "FUCK	" Get one to yell "BINGO!"
How did the inventor of the car advertise his new "horse-less carriage"	 He said it goes without a hitch!
How did the domestic goods feel when they were being shipped overseas	 Tarrif-ied.
How did Kim Kardashian break the net	 She sat on it.
How can you tell if your water is about to break	 Someone from Flint puts a glass between your legs
How do you call two guys on a motocycle	 Fucking morons; they could have stolen two motocycles!
How does a woman show she's planning for the future	 Plastic Surgery.
How many blonde jokes exist	 One. This one. The rest are all true.
How do you write "DO NOT TOUCH" in braille 	
How Many Feminists Does it Take to Change a Light bulb	 Trick question. Feminists can't change a thing.
How many Sand People does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 No one knows. They ride single file to hide their numbers.
How does a woman scare a gynecologist	 By becoming a ventriloquist
How come reddit posters have no babies	 Because OP never delivers.
How do you stay warm outside in the winter	 You just stand in a corner, they are usually around 90 degrees.
How many black guys does it take to do the work of one white guy	 It depends on how big his plantation is.
How do dogs like their eggs cooked	 Pooched.
How do you make a duck sing	 Put it in the microwave until its Bill Withers
How did the astronaut land on the sun	 He went at night.
How good are Tesco's meatballs	 They're the dog's bollocks!
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	 Taste.
How do chocolate labs not die of themselves	
How do you make a Tissue Dance 	 You put a little Boogie in it.
How many ______ does it take to _____ a ______ 	 And go.
How do you know when you have a high sperm count	 Your partner has to chew before swallowing...
How very is a very good dinosaur	 Very. (Thought of this idk if it was good)
How can you tell if someone is Italian	 They'll tell you.
How do you know this is OC	 Its not on the front page
How does an Asgardian like his parties	 Loki
How does a baby ghost cry	 "Boo-hoo! Boo-hoo!"
How did the rooster get a lot of chicks	 A lot of good yolks!
How do you top a train	 Tep on the break tupid! :D:D:D
How many girlfriend does a white boy need to shoot a school	 None.
How do you hold an umbrella for a feminist without offending said feminist	 She doesn't need one. The glass ceiling keeps her dry.
How do elephants smell	 Really bad.
How do you eat a vegetable	 First get her out of the chair
How does a fallopian tube take its eggs	 (Ovaries Z)
How do norwegians catch rabbits in norway	 They hide in a bush, and make carrot sounds.
How many James Pattersons does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Only one, but he'll just hire a ghostwriter to do it for him.
How many hipsters dose it take to change a light bulb	 A: None they have a guy for that comes on Tuesdays only uses reproductions of antique bulbs
How do you get certified as an interior decorator	 You don't pull out
How do the Chinese vote	 With their erections.
How is November's election like the Alien vs Predator movie	 Whoever wins...we lose.
How many people live in the lower part of Italy	 There are literally Sicilians.
How many black guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Just one - you fucking bigot.
How do you keep a idiot waiting	 I'll tell you guys later.
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the department of education	 By renaming it 'Trump University'!
How does Donald Trump keep a handle on integral equations	 He grabs them by the +c.
How did the pig get out of the tree	 The swine flu (joke my dad made up a couple years back during all this)
How many optimists does it take to change a light bulb	 Who says it's dark?
How many fingers does the dragonborn have	 8 fingers and 2 Thu"ums... Unless the dragonborn only has a Haafingar
How do you get beer from root beer	 You pour it in a square glass.
How can you tell if someone is a marathon runner	 Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How does Mike Tyson get smarter	 By taking a math gainer.
How can you tell the sex of an ant	 Throw it into a pool. If it sinks, it is a girl ant. If it floats, then it is a "BUOYANT".
How do you fit four gays on one stool	 Flip it upside-down. (sorry in advance)
How is a picket fence like a mini skirt	 They both protect the property but they don't spoil the view.
How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves	 She fell out of the tree! I may not be a girl, but I'm blonde and find blonde jokes hilarious. xD
How does Dalai Lama send emails	 With no attachments.
How did they get John McAfee out of Guatemala	 McAfee Removal Tool
How much does the Great Wall of China weigh	 Wan-ton Sorry
How are women and computers the same	 Neither take your 3.5 inch floppy anymore.. unless you pay extra.
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one. But it takes five episodes.
How many homeless does it take to change a lightbulb	 There's change in a lightbulb?
How did Christopher Columbus 'discover' America	 By occident
How does a feminist ask for Halloween candies	 Trigger Treat.
How do you get negative inflation 	 Deflation.
How do you know If your girlfriend is Canadian	 Look at her beaver.
How does a booze thief make you feel better	 He lifts your spirits.
How long does it take to sail from Dorne to Mereen	 It Varys.
How do you know if a girl is hungry or horny	 Give her a cucumber and see what hole she puts it in. How do know if she's hungry &amp; horny? When she sits on the cucumber and then eats the pickle.
How many servers does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know, it's not my side work.
How do porcupines hug	 Carefully!
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning	 Shoot him before he hits the water.
How does a Priest find a little boy in the woods	 Very exciting
How did the snow man get to school	 He took his icicle
How do you keep your Thanksgiving guests from falling asleep on your couch	 Infuse the gravy with cocaine.
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulp	 One. We are efficient and don't have any humor.
How many software developers does it take to fix a light bulb	 none, its a hardware issue.
How is a Christmas tree like a man who's had a vasectomy	 They both have ornamental balls.
How do fireflies start a race 	 Ready steady glow !
How many times do I have to tell you this Mom	 I have thousands of fans who need to know my thoughts. So, no I can't take out the garbage.
How does a crackhead lose weight	 Diet Coke.
How do deaf people meet online	 Simple, they just ask "ASL?"
How does a bass player turn off the lights before bed	 He closes the car door.
How much does a Human shield cost	 One life
How you turn a washer into a snow blower	 Hand her a shovel
How do you make a prepubescent laugh	 Heh, pubes.
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper	 No one knows it's never happened.
How do you circumcise a hillibilly	 You kick his sister in the jaw!
how does a robot laugh	 1010101010101
How long will a floating point operation  float	
How do you know Jesus is okay with gays	 Because he had two dads
How many blondes does it take to change a diaper	 Ask Hugh Hefner.
How does a hipster measure out his drugs	 Using instagrams.
How do you drive a Unitarian out of town	 Burn a question mark on their front lawn.
How many bear arms could Bear Grylls bear to bear if Bear Grylls could bear to bear bear arms	 bear
How are UFO's related to hamburgers	 Both are Unidentified Frying Objects!
How do you make an elephant float	 Take one elephant, two tons of ice cream, and one ton of soda. Blend.
How many retards does it take to push a bus	 Just one. They're retardedily strong.
How many paedophiles does it take to change a lightbulb	 No more than 12.
How do you know if you're making out with a french horn player	 They keep trying to put their hand up your butt.
How does a frog greet a rabbit during the holiday season	 Hoppy holidays, and have a hoppin New Hare! Happy holidays everyone.
How does a farmer find a sheep in the long grass	 Satisfying
How High Are You	 Officer: How high are you? Me: No Officer, it's hi, how are you?
How do you tell an astronaut where they're going	 Straight up.
How do you catch the Easter Bunny	 Hide in the bushes and make a noise like a carrot!
How many women have you slept with wife asked husband, "How many women have you slept with	" he proudly replied, "Only you, Darling. With all the others I was awake."
How are Oklahoma 3.2 beers like sex in a canoe	 They're both fucking close to water.
How did the hipster burn his tongue...	 ... he drank his coffee *before it was cool.*
How do farmers count their cows	 With a Cowculator!!
How do you make a dead dog shake	 2 scoops ice cream, 1 scoop dead dog.
How did a Gorilla come to be with Washington  at Valley Forge	 He had seen a sign saying 'Uncle Simian Wants You!'
How many metal heads does it take to change a light bulb	 None. Darkness foreverrrr!
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in the South	 Because if it were invented in the North, it'd be called the teethbrush!
How is a fish like a bicycle	 Neither one knows how to whistle!
How do you make a Snowman smile	 Tell him the snowblower is coming.
How cute! Someone wrote "will you go to prom with me	" on my car. But they spelled it "I'm gonna kill you scumbag!". Ah, young love.
How do you find where a flea has bitten you 	 Start from scratch !
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any kids	 Because everytime his wife gets hot ,he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel. :-P
How many gay guys can sit on a stool	 Four, if you flip it upside down.
How long do you need to put the turkey in the oven for	 Mine was dead within 30 minutes (credit goes to my Grandma)
How do you know when the hole you're digging is big enough	 When the (w)hole job's done.
How do you chip thin ice off a window	 You bust a rime.
How are pirates like pimps	 They both have gold teeth and say "yo ho!"
How can north korea tell if it made a ship or a submarine	 By how fast it sinks.
How do you spell "apathy"	 I don't care.
How do you know if you have a high sperm count	 If she has to chew before she swallows.
How do you get 100 babies into a phone booth	 with a blender. how do you get them out? with a straw.
How did robbers gain entry to steal from Miley Cyrus	 They came in like a wrecking ball.
How many republicans does it take to fix a problem	 No one knows. It's never happened.
How much is the bare minimum	 1 bear.
How do you remember your wedding anniversary	 Forget it once.
how is an antivirus similar to porn	 You don't have to pay for it.
How can i convince my Buddhist friend that he owes me money from 3 lifetimes ago	
How did Charlie Sheen get HIV	 By injecting tiger blood
How did Jennifer Aniston find her fiancee	 She looked very Theroux-ly.
How high is a stoner sailor	 Sea Level.
How many moderators does it take to change a lightbulb	 [deleted]
How do you say "bra" in German	 Stopsemfromfloppin
How do you get a bass player off of your porch	 You pay for your pizza.
How do frogs die 	 They kermit suidide !
How many dancers does it take to change a lightbulb	 5,6,7,8
How can you tell when there's an elephant in your sandwich	 When it's too heavy to lift.
How do you know when someone is gluten free	 Don't worry, they'll tell you. "Exit stage right...."
How many babies does it take to paint a room	 Depends how hard you can throw them.
How did the terrorist get into Czechoslovakia	 They didn't czech his papers.
How do you end a party in a redneck trailer park	 Flush the punch bowl
How did the Egyptian go broke	 He got caught up in a pyramid scheme.
How did Napoleon eat his chicken	 HE PULLED THE BONESAPART! Lol and a rock for yuhhhhh!
How am I supposed to show a girl I like her, if I can't even make her a mix tape anymore	
How do you know you are in the gardening section of Home Depot	 Everything is priced in pesos.
How does someone pay for a painting	 With Monet
How did the mobster burn his lips on a tailpipe	 He tried to blow up a police car.
How do you say "fuck you" in Hebrew	 Trust me
How do you get the emo out of the tree	 Cut the rope.
How do whales type e-mails	 With their fish fingers.
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb	 FOUR!
How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber	 Ask them to pronounce unionized.
How do you know an engineer is an extrovert	 He stares at *your* shoes while he talks to you.
How do you discipline a pet rock	 You hit rock bottom
How do you make someone stare at a screen for 30 seconds	 Please wait...
How do you keep black people out of your back yard	 Hang one in the front!
How do you catch a tame rabbit	 The tame way -- unique up on him.
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail	 Rename the mail folder "Instruction Manuals."
How do religions reproduce	 They have sects.
How do you know ancient Egyptians loved books so much	 Because they built their stuff with reads!
How does a Range Rover Evoque look after landing on it's roof	 Exactly the same.
How do you milk sheep	 With iPhone accessories.
How does a Russian bomb explode	 Kaboomshki
How cowboys are made "Dad	" "Yes, son?" "Where do Cowboys come from?" "Well, son. When a cow and a boy love each other very, very much..."
How does a yoga instructor turn down an invite	 Namaste home tonight.
How do you climb a triangle	 By scalene it
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb 	 1 or 2 ? 1... or 2...
How do you make a Welsh person comfortable while playing Scrabble	 Remove the vowels in his rack.
How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car	 He didn't
How do you organise games in Pompeii	 Make aedile.
How are a pair of skinny jeans like a cheap motel	 No ballroom
How does a woman apologize to a man	 I'm sorry, but it's your fault.
How many light bulbs does it take to change a man	 Just one, if you put it in the right place.
How is working in I.T. like being a wizard	 You command vast powers beyond the scope of smaller minds, but to them all you do is wiggle your fingers and stuff just happens.
How does the Easter Bunny stay in shape	 He does lots of bare-obics.
How would a pirate describe navigating Reddit on Talk like a Pirate Day	 Arduous.
How much for the horse tornado	 Sir, that's a carousel. I must have it.
How do you tell the difference between a scientist and a plumber	 Ask them to pronounce unionized.
How are you supposed to be politically correct... How are you supposed to be politically correct and still have a gender reveal party	
How do you change a cat into a dog	 Soak it in gasoline, hold a match up to it, and "woof!"
How do you greet a German baker	 Gluten Tag
How can you tell if somebody's run a marathon	 Wait 15 seconds, they'll tell you.
how many indians does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Sikhs
How do you keep a baby from crawling in circles	 nail the other hand to the floor.
How many dank memes does it take to change a lightbulb	 Doesn't matter, just use the jet fuel instead.
How many homeless people does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Zero. Homeless people don't screw in light bulbs; they screw in cardboard boxes.
How do you get a person with podophobia to leave	 Just say "shoe".
How did So-Cal celebrate the double anniversary of the LA Riots and Cinco de Mayo	 Rodney King Pinatas
How many babies does it take to make light	 99, 98 get in a pile while 1 grabs a match and lighter fluid.
How does Sherlock Holmes go to the bathroom	 OC By process of elimination.
How Does Snoop Dogg Do His Laundry	 He uses a lot of BLEAYOTCH!
How did the metal get the wrong idea	 He was misled.
How do you separate Greek men from Greek boys	 With a crowbar.
How did Metallica get their band name	 They Bonded over lunch.
How much space is needed for fungi to grow	 As mushroom as possible.
How many Lutherans does it take to change a lightbulb	 Change? Why do we need change? (It's cool, I go to a Lutheran church)
How many protesters does it take to change a light bulb	 Trick question. Protesters never change anything.
How many Buzzfeed writers does it take to change a lightbulb	 13\. Number 9 will shock you!
How many black men does it take to feed a family	 Just one, if you eat the whole thing.
How hungry do you have to be to eat feces	 ...just hungry enough to get McDonald's.
How do you spot a modern spider 	 He doesn't have a web he had a website !
How does a hamburger introduce his girlfriend	 Meat patty! Thought of you guys!
How do you know when the Moon is going broke	 When it's down to it's last quarter.
How much energy does hova's DeLorean require	 1.21 jigga watts
How do you make a 4D printer	 Just take a 3D printer and give it some time.
How is the Quran like weed	 Burning that shit will get you stoned.
How do you pronounce the "Pao" in "Power'	 [deleted]
How many tickles does a Japanese school girl want	 Tentickles.
How does a mathematician cure constipation	 How does a mathematician cure her constipation? She works it out with a pencil.
How many Australians have been killed by Ebola	 Just one, Phillip Hughes
How do you catch a fish with peas	 Drop some peas along the shore, and when a fish comes up to take a pea, you grab him.
How do you set a woman's watch	 You don't, there's already a clock on the stove.
how many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	 probably just one, but we may never know because they're all way too busy coming up with lightbulb jokes.
How do you tell the difference between an electrician and an electrical engineer	 Ask them to pronounce the word, "unionized".
How do you turn a duck into a R&amp;B Soul artist	 Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers.
How did Captain Hook die	 Jock itch.
How can you tell a gamer from a rugby player	 Ask them if they play league.
How to make your dreams come true	 Have a Stage 4 Cancer
How do police know that princess Diana had dandruff	 They found her head and shoulders under the steering wheel.
How is a chicken like a grape	 They're both purple except for the chicken.
How do you know if hippies have been in your house	 They are still there.
How many black people do you need to start a riot	 Negative 1.
How do you compliment a pickle rapper's verse	 That was dill!
How can a middle aged unemployed rat with 4 teenage turtles afford so much pizza	
How did King Wenceslas like his pizza	 Deep pan, crisp and even.
How come men don't watch women's ice hockey	 No man can handle that many periods.
How many white people can you fit in a can	 Crackers don't come in cans, they come in boxes!
How do you stop your dog digging holes in your garden	 By hiding the shovel in the shed/garage
How many of you believe in telekinesis	 Raise MY hand!
How do you make holes in a fire	 With a fire drill.
How can I draw attention to the fact this skirt is too long	 AHEM!
How many bitter Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 None, we've decided to let a man do the job.
How can you tell if a mechanic went home for lunch	 One of his fingers is clean
How to keep an idiot waiting	 I'll tell you tomorrow. Edit: Grammar.
How to stop an unwanted DM. Hi, how are you	 Me: Well, my ex has me on a wanted list because I'm a psychotic cow, how are you?
How do fireflies start a race	 Ready steady glow!
How is Harrison Ford like the Reddit admins	 Both should have said no to the latest update.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire	
How do you know your sister is on her period	..... Your father's dick tastes like blood...
How is a gynecologist like a pizza delivery boy	 They both get close enough to smell it, but if they eat it, they'll be fired.
How can you tell someone hates vegans, cross fitters, and atheists	 Don't worry, they'll repost a joke about it.
How do you greet people at a funeral	 Mourning, everybody!
How come about the "About the Author" never includes anything negative	 "He was born in Indiana where he's widely regarded as a scumbag."
How do you define a will	 Hint: It's a dead giveaway.
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears	
How does the man in the moon cut his hair	 Eclipse it.
How did the farmer find his lost cow	 He tractor down
How are a roof and quantum physics the same	 They both go over your head.
How do you make a buff guy talk to you for hours	 ask about his routine.
How bad is it when a nations power crisis can only be solved by a couple of hydroelectric plants	 Two dam bad! (OC!)
How can you always break even at the casino	 Play the change machines.
How many perverts does it take to change a lightbulb	 69
How do you pay for things in the Czech Republic	 Cash or Czech Edit: a word
How do real partners in crime jokingly introduce themselves to people	
How much hummus did the anorexic girl order	 A tahini bit.
How do you gently wake up a sleeping baby	 Don't preheat the oven when you bake it.
How do you make a tame duck wild	 Annoy it.
How did the hillbilly find the sheep in the tall grass	 Satisfying
How did the steak chef at the courthouse like his paycheck	 In legal tender
How do we know Andy Taylor never had grandchildren	 Because Opie is faggot
How do I know I'm not Daniel Day-Lewis	
How fast can a woman fuck	 68km/h, because at 69 she flips over and blows a rod.
How does NASA organise a party	 They Planet.
How many dead Hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Not 8, since my basement is still dark.
How many fingers does the Dragonborn have	 (x-post from r/gaming) Four fingers and a thu'um.
How do you tell the difference from a guy's chromosome and a girl's chromosome	 You pull down their gene's and have a look! Credit: I heard this from an older gentlemen today at a senior home.
How do you make a Giraffe go to war	 You Giraffed it
How do old people go to the bathroom	 Depends.
How can you tell if someone is an entrepreneur	 Don't worry, they'll tell you
How can you tell when a German is joking	 Don't worry, he will inform you after delivery of the punchline has taken place. Just a joke!
How do dinosaurs like their chicken	 RAWWWWWWWW!!!!
How often does the vampire go down on his wife	 Periodically
How do you get a goldfish's attention	 A U! Fish!
How do you find white shirts on the Internet	 Use a starch engine.
How do comedians send messages	 By tee-hee mail.
How to pick up chicks at the gym Pasted from Facebook: A man asks a trainer in the gym: "I want to impress that beautiful girl, which machine can I use	" Trainer replies: "Use the ATM"
How does a Snowman get to work	 By icicle.
How do you stop an Albanian tank	 You shoot the guy pushing it.
How long do chickens work 	 Around the cluck !
How does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls	 Test tickles
How much did the pirate spend on his earings	 A buck an ear.
How does a farmer send messages	 By e-i-e-i-o-mail.
How do astronauts say they're sorry	 They apollo-gize.
How many straight men in california does it take to change a lightbulb	 both of them
How many cops does it take to throw a man down the stairs	 None. He fell.
How do you find hundreds of jokes about finding Will Smith in the snow	 Type "fresh prints" in the "search reddit" box at the right.
How did the bucket's mom know he was sick	 He was a little pail.
How man redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Ten. One to change it and nine to downvote for no reason.
How many archaeologists does it take to change a  light bulb	 Three. One to change it while the other two argue about how old the old one is.
How does a leopard change its spots 	  When it gets tired of one spot it just moves to another !
How did the hipster narco escape from prison	 By going underground
How does Chris Martin play monopoly	 With a paira, paira, pairadice
How does a crazy person get out of the woods	 They take the psychopath.
How do you make a Gorilla stew	 You keep it waiting for three hours!
How does a witch make scrambled eggs 	 She holds the pan and gets two friends to make the stove shake with  fright ! 'Owl be seeing you later.'
How do you catch a unique horse	 Unique up on it.
How do police informants begin their jokes	 Nark Nark
How does a potato keep up with it's friends	 With Google chromosome+
How do you know that you're too old	 When the priest doesn't look at you anymore.
How do you say hello to a femnist	 You don't. To do so would violate her wish to not be part of the society she lives in.
How many drums does it take to make a good ska band	 Nobody knows.
How do you know your S&amp;M partner works in IT	 They insist your safe word has an upper case letter, a lower case letter, and at least one number.
How does a crazy person travel through the woods	 They take the psychopath.
How much for the Ice Cream Scoop	 Ma'am, that's a Shovel.
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	 Suck his dick.
How does a German tie his shoes	 In little Nazis
How do you know its noon on an Apple Watch	 The screen stays black when you check the time.
How do you know when a woman is pregnant	 She switches from Ragu to Prego.
How do you get a faggot to fuck a bitch	 You shit in her cunt.
how do you call those guys who hang around with musicians all the time	 Drummers.
How dare you complain about your life	 Someone's mom is Snooki.
How can you tell you have a really bad case of acne	 It's when the blind try to read your face.
How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall	 B 52.
How much money do terrible movies make	 Ridley Scott. Thank you.
How many new states will America get when Trump is elected	 One. Denial.
How do you starve a Socialist	 You hide their food stamps under their work boots. Edit; Thank you /u/DoctorBrohoof for my first gold!
How can you tell if your goose is depressed	 It's feeling down.
How did Jim start losing weight after the holidays	 He just quit eating cold turkey.
How many OU (University of Oklahoma) coaches does it take to change a light bulb	 None. They aren't about to change a bulb when flipping a switch has worked for 15 years.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly 	 Kick his sister in the jaw
How does Kim Kardashian like her eggs	 Over-Yeezy. ^forgive ^me
How do you measure a snake	 In inches. Snakes don't have any feet.
How can you tell if the code is broken	 (SW Engineering joke) If India worked on it
How can you go broke making Twinkies when two states just legalized marijuana	
How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house	 He's still there.
How can a room full of couples be empty	 There isn't a single person left! Bwahahahahaha
How can you tell if a witch is on a diet	 Her food is potion-controlled.
How 'done' do you want your burger	 I can do "well-done" all the way to "CPR might actually work."
How do Jazz musicians drink their liquor	 Straight, No Chaser.
How does a tornado tell the time	 It checks the tornado watch.
How many men does it take to put the toilet seat down	 Nobody knows it hasn't happened yet.
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One, but it takes an entire emergency room to get it out.
How does Steven Hawking refresh after a long work day	 F5 (sorry Imgoingtohellforthis)
How do people want Trump right now	 [removed]
How do you get a sweet little old lady to say F***	 Get another one to yell BINGO
How does a farmer count his cows	? with a Cowculator!!
How are dumb blondes like peanut butter	 They spread for the bread
How'd the monkey fall out of the tree. He was dead. How'd the next second monkey fall out of the tree	 He was stapled to the first monkey! How'd the Third monkey fall out of the tree. Peer Pressure.
How do you discuss cheese with a Welshman	 Very Caerphilly.
How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in San Francisco	 Both of them.
How long do you have to be ignorant before you start experiencing bliss	
How many Ferguson police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None... they just shoot the room for being black.
How many eye doctors does it take to change a lightbulb	 One, or two? One, or two?
How does every Romanian recipe start	 1. Steal a chicken. From an old family friend.
How did the scuba-diver pay for his drinks	 With Barnacles (bar nickels)
How does a religious extremist convert an atheist into a holy man	 They use a machine gun.
How many cops do you need to change a light bulb	 None. They just shoot the room for being black. Credit: donator on some stream said the joke and just wanted to share it.
How can you tell a cow isn't listening to you	 Everything you say goes in one ear and out the udder!
How many atheists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They don't believe in a higher power.
How do you make a kleenex dance	 You put a little Boogie in it!
How is Billy Cosby like Santa Claus	 They both come when you are sleeping
How can you tell my parents are abusive	 Beats me
How do you call a car enthusiast who's interested in bikes	 Bike-curious
How do you spell "sawss" as in "spaghetti sawss" 	
How many metal drummers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 one, but it takes 32 lightbulbs.
How do you make a rabbit fast	 Don't feed it.
How do you get 50 Pikachus on a bus	 Poke 'em on.
How do you call a hearing-impaired duck	 **HEY DUCK!!!!!**
How many cops does it take the screw in a lightbulb	 The same number it takes to screw public confidence in law enforcement
How did blind slaves escape the South	 The Underground Braille-road
How many "can't"s can a white girl "can't" before she literally can't even	 my brother asked me this when i woke up and it has been bugging me all day.
how do you drown a blonde	 put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
How does an octopus go to war	 Well-Armed
How do you say goodbye to an Indonesian	 with a big wave
How to climb a flight of stairs	 Step one Step two Step three
How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts	 With a mop.
How much did the critic tip the waitor	 two cents
How many hipsters does it take to...	 ...Bazinga! nobody cares! you fell for one of my practical jokes again.
How can you tell which Burger Land baseball pitchers are left-handed	 They're the one's wearing the left-handed 'meats'!
how do you know a basketball player has prostate cancer	 he dribbles a lot
How do you know if a black person used your TV	 It's not there anymore.
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do	 Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
How did the dictator make it easier for power companies to do business with neighboring countries	 He stepped down.
How do you tell the difference between an introvert or extrovert software engineer	 The extrovert looks at your feet when talking.
How about a baseball cap that says "BALD", so you can cover your gross bald head, but when you take it off no one is surprised/disappointed	
How do you call a party with people who have epilepsy	 Foam fest
How did the farmer find his daughter	 He Tractor.
How does Kanye make Kim Kardashian's eyes twinkle	 He shines a flashlight in her ear.
How do they perform abortions at Hogwarts	 Fetus Deletus
How many photos of Kanye West do you suppose Kanye West has on his phone	 More than 1,000?
How did Paul McCartney get Linda pregnant	 C Moon
How do you make a tiramisu	 With a thousand Gigamisous
How do you get out of the stomach of an elephant	 Run around until you get pooped out
How do you stretch your back	 "I don't know." **shrugs*
How do little german children tie their shoes	 In little nazis!
How do you distinguish a French tank from a British tank	 The rear-view mirrors
How do make a car top	 'Tep on the brake 'tupid.
How can you get out of a locked room with a piano in it	 Play the piano until you find the right key.
How do astronauts make a party	 They planet.
How do you know your fridge is going through menopause	 It's all out of eggs..
how many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	 none. they just beat it for being black!
How do the fish get to school 	 By octobus !
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
How many mens' rights activists does out take to change a lightbulb	 Well, not all of them.
How come the leader of the USSR from the 1920's to 1951 never got anything done	 ...because he was always Stalin.
How many controlled oposition does it take to change a light bulb	 None you know of. Since they signed a Non Disclosure Agreement to not talk about it.
How do you take a selfie with a goat	
How did Harry Potter get to the bottom of the hill	 By running! J.K. Rowling
How is it that photons travel so fast	 They are light.
How do bovines do math	 They use a cow-culator! Ba-dum-tsss!
How many women with PMS does it take to change a light bulb	 GO FUCK YOURSELF!
How big of a difference is there between the male and female reproductive system	 There's a vas deferens.
How many bottles of beer does it take to kill someone	 One, if you throw it hard enough.
How does a blacksmith know you farted	 He smelt it
How can you tell if a man is happy	 Who Cares?
How can you tell if Hillary Clinton is lying	 She's moving her lips.
how much is a life-time supply of fast food	 Not much.
How many Dragon Ball Z episodes does it take to change a lightbulb	 ***Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z***
How much do all the bones in the human body weigh	 A Skele-Ton. Thanks, I'll see my way out.
How many "friend-zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They'll just compliment it and get pissed when it wont screw.
How old were you on your last birthday	  Eight. And how old will you be on your next birthday? Ten.  Oh I don't think that's possible. Oh yes it is - I'm nine today.
How does a Xenomorph reveal its sexuality to friends and family	 At night. Mostly.
How does a deaf Gynecologist communicate with his patients	 He reads lips.
How can you tell if you're racist	 You only pick out the K's when you take an eye exam.
How long is a meter in Spain	 A Spanard
How much do you love kids	 On a scale from Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky, how much do you love kids?
How do you catch a unique lion	 Unique up on him. How do you catch a tame lion? tame way! Zingo!
How did the polish terrorist burn his lips	 Burned them on a cars tailpipe when he tried blowing it up.
How many Broncos does it take to change a tire	 One. Unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up.
How do you make cultured milk	 You take it to the Moo-seum. I know this joke is terrible, but I totally came up with it on my own, but I'm sure it exists already.
How do you get a post that's not a joke into /r/jokes	 Like this.
How can you make a slow horse fast	 Don't give him any food.
How can you tell the Indians were here in America first	 They had reservations.
How do you spot Will Smith on a snowy Christmas morning	 Look for Fresh Prince
How come the government can keep printing money But when I do it, it's a crime	
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree	 Wave.
How do you tell the difference between a normal potato from a slutty potato	 The slutty one has the sticker that reads Idaho.
How do you say the name Ray in Jamaican	 Raymond
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb	 Seven. One to install the bulb and six to figure out what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years
How do you get a black guy out of a tree	 Cut the rope. Anyone else have good black jokes?
How do you describe a hierarchy of police officers with only one word	 Police police police police police police police police police police police.
How does batman store energy	 In BATteries
How can you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How did the close race between the rabbit and  the tortoise end	 It was won by a hare!
How do you call mosquitoes where you live	 We don't. They just come unwanted
How do you tell a real Ferrari from a fake one	 You take a pocketknife and scrape off some of the paint on the hood. If it's a real Ferrari... someone will kick your ass.
How do you say Vaseline in German	 Vienerslidein
How do you keep a jack ass in suspense	 Sorry, someone just knocked on my door. I will have to submit the answer tomorrow.
How do you get a dead turtle to flip itself back over on its feet	... You take the letter F out of way.
How can you know a girl is from Japan	 Her pussy is blurry.
How do you get 100 Canadians out of a swimming pool	 Say "hey, you Canadians! Get out of that swimming pool!"
How do you get a clown off a swing	 hit him in the face with an Axe
How come the Government knows when I don't file my taxes, and when I leave the country, and when I take a shit - but still needs a census	
How does a blonde count a thousand sheep	 She counts the legs, and divides by 4.
How are babies different from feminists 	 Babies grow up and stop crying
How many cops does it take to arrest a broken light bulb	 Two. One arrests the room for being black. The other arrests the bulb for being broke.
How do we know that Apes are like fish after a rainstorm	 They'll both bite at anything!
How many students does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to hold the light bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
How do you protect yourself from ghosts	 Hide in the living room.
How many countries' flags make an appearance at every auto race in the world	 Two. Libya's to start the race, and France's to signal there's one lap to go.
How can you tell that a straight pin is confused	 Just look at it. It's headed in one direction and pointed in the other.
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia	 If it had been invented anywhere else it'd be called a teethbrush.
How many men does it take to get an Amish woman pregnant	 Two men a nite.
How is toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise alike	 They both circle Uranus searching for Klingons.
How can you tell when witches are carrying a time bomb	 You can hear their brooms tick!
How do you make a redditor impatient	 loading...
How do Russians put windows in	 Putin Windows duh.
How do skeletons kiss	 They don't. Skeletons don't have lips, they just bone.
How does Moses make Coffee	 Hebrews it.
How many Borg does it take to change a light bulb	 All of them.
How do Southerners get through customs so quickly	 They do declare!
How do you tell a good joke on reddit	 Wash it up over and over again until you get gold!
How do you keep a Turkey in suspense	 I'll tell you later.
How do you console somebody with bad grammar skills	 There, their, they're.
How is Islam like a GPS	 You may think you're on the right path, but if you follow it literally, you'll end up crashing into a building.
How did Freddie Mercury do in school	 He got straight "gays"
How is evolution and a Union construction job similar	 They take so long that some people don't believe they don't work.
How do you hide from imminent retribution	 Karmaflage!
How do inmates pay for things in prison	 With ConCurrency, of course.
How does a female deer get revenge on her cheating husband	 She goes into town and blows a few bucks!
How do you get 50 old ladies to yell "fuck"	 Have one old lady yell "bingo"
How to be part of a joke	 One must simply walk into a bar
How many roads must a man walk	 42.
How do you advertise a French rifle	 Never fired, dropped once.
How was marriage instituted	 A bunch of prostitutes wanted to start a labor union.
How many potheads does it take to change a lightbulb	 It was too bright in here anyway.
How does a crazy person walk through the forest	 He takes the psychopath.
How do u know if a company that just hired you conducts drug tests	 What is the likelihood it will be a hairtest
How did the private eye use math to find the intent of the crime	 He solved for y! Thought this one up myself and thought it was post worthy
How do scientists develop chewing gum flavors	 Through ex-spear-i-mints.
How many tacos does it take to change a lightbulb	 why don't we have both?
How does one even	 It simply doesn't, because it's odd.
How do people usually feel after touching an electric fence	 Shocked.
How do you spell women backwards	 Kitchen
How did the actress from Legally Blonde die	 Witherknife
How do you catch a rare rabbit	 Unique up on it
how many How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	 I'd tell you, but you probably wouldn't understand anyways.
How did Kurt Cobain die	 With a Cobang
How many conspiratards does it take to screw in a light bulb....	 "NONE! ITS A SECRET GOVERNMENT PLOT TO KEEP US IN THE DARK!"
How do old people check up to see how their friends are doing	 They look in the obituary
How many times does a blonde laugh at a joke	 Three times - Once when you tell it, once when you explain it, and once when she gets it.
How do we know Julius Caesar wasn't gay	 Because you have to be straight to be a good ruler
How do black people tan	 Holding their hands up
How do you break a Polish man's finger	 Punch him in the nose.
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say 'Hello'	 Konichihuahua
How do you say unicorn in Spanish	 Unamaize
How do you know you are sitting next to a ski instructor	 They'll tell you.
How do you make a dumb person curious	 I'll tell you tomorrow...
How about I slip down your chimney, at half past midnight	
How did Reddit not fell down yet	 I mean, it is only hanging by threads...
How do dolphins send messages	 By sea-mail.
How many dead memes does it take to change a light bulb	 Over 9000.
How do you give a redneck a circumcision	 Kick his sister in the jaw
How many nuns would a nunchuck chuck if a nunchuck could chuck nunes	 None.
How does a backwards poet write	 Inverse
How do you lose a Football championship penalty shootout	 You Messi-up
How many cockroaches does it take to change a light bulb	 I don't know. When I turn on the light they're all gone.
How do you stop an Ethiopian tank with a gun	 Shoot the people pushing it.
How do you take the letter "f" out of the word "way"	 There is no f in way
How did the homeless man get so buff	 Because his workouts were in tents. I'll show myself out...
How do you congratulate the guy who won the best tie contest	 You tell him... "that's definitely a win sir". Or if he did ok you can say you half win sir i suppose. :/
How many martial artists does it taek to change a lightbulb	 It only taek won do change a lightbulb.
How do you make a racing snail faster	 I tried taking his shell off but it only made him more sluggish.
How do you sabotage a space mission 	 Send Matt Damon
How does Dracula like to have his food served	 In bite-sized pieces.
How do you start a joke about Vladimir Putin	 By looking over your shoulder.
How has Donald Trump managed to bankrupt so many casinos	 He hits on anything twelve or higher.
How Germans does it take to change a light bulb	 NEIN!
How are Clinton scandals like Pokemon	 You'll never catch 'em all!
How do you eat an elephant	 One bite at a time.
How do you measure the molar mass of guacamole	 With Avocado's Constant.
How many senior medical consultants does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one. He holds up the bulb and waits for the world to revolve around him.
How much does a dead battery cost	 It's free of charge
How do introverts feel within society	 [removed]
How can you tell Sofia Vergara's children on the playground	 They're the ones with stretch marks on their lips.
How many trans women does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but first they have to sit in the dark for a year and then get letters from two electricians giving them permission.
How did Helen Keller learn to masturbate	 She was reading her lips.
How much does a rock weigh	 One stone.
How do people in other countries tell if kids are using drugs	 Here in the U.S. we just ask them how many grams are in an ounce.
How many psychiatrists does it... ...take to change a light bulb	 0, the light bulb has to want to change itself.
How often do I drink Blue Moon	 Once in awhile.
How do you stop a 200 pound hamster from charging	 Take away it's credit cards.
How many super sayen do you need to change a bulb 	 Only one, but it take 4 episodes and Krilin died at the end.
How many Ferguson police does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they'll just shoot the room for being black.
How did Einstein prove you can break the law of relativity	 He married his cousin.
How do you tell a transgender from a real woman	 The quality of the sandwich.
How come squirrels get a pass to bury whatever they want in the park but the cops go crazy when I try to bury one tiny bloody knife	
How do you titilate an ocelot	 Oscillate its tit a lot.
How do you make a snooker table laugh	 Tickle its balls.
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They prefer to be left in the dark.
How do you put a baby to sleep	 You rock them. What if it doesn't work? Use a bigger rock.
How did Viking ships communicate	 Norse code.
How does a pirate reenact Travis Bickle's speech	 Are you talking to me?
How do you confuse a complete idiot 	 32
How does Lady Gaga like her meat cooked	 Raw raw raw raw raw!
How do you know Stephen Hawking has jungle fever	 He knows a lot about black holes
How are 6 women like a golf course	 NSFW 18 holes
How do you process a queue of table delete requests for an asynchronous database	 Pop, Lock &amp; Drop It
How can you find out the gender of an ant	 Throw it in the water. If it sinks, it's a girl ant. If it floats, it's buoyant
How do you trace a scatter plot	 You give the pencil to Michael J. Fox.
How can you tell someone is an engineer	 They'll tell you! (Source: am an engineer)
How does a skeleton solve a problem	 With the bare-bones approach.
How does a bird with a broken wing manage to land  safely 	 With it's sparrowchute !
How much of Canada has a person from Iqaluit seen	 Nunavut.
How does Henry VIII like his coffee	 Decap.
How fucking furious do you think homeless people get when "Mo Money, Mo Problems" comes on	
How spicy would you like your clairvoyants	 Medium.
How do IT technicians prefer to be paid	 Cache in hand.
How many Bolsheviks does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None - the lightbulb has the capacity for its own revolution
How did the clock get cancer	 Second-hand smoke!
How can you tell which rabbits are the oldest  in a group	 Look for gray hares.
How do you make a blind man mad	 Awwwwwww. Look at them pretty flowers.
How did Steve get the clues	 Blew the dog
How do you start a rave in Ethopia	?? You staple food on the ceilings.
how do trains fall in love	 it attracks another one.
How many gay guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Three. One to screw it in, one to pour the wine, and one to say 'marvelous, simply marvelous!'
How does an Argentinean commit suicide	 He climbs up on his ego and then jumps off.
How are we going to know when America is officially great again	 Is there going to be a party, like on a giant ship, with a banner?
How did Popeye keep his tool clean	 NSFW He dipped it in Olive Oyl
How did Donald Trump get his tonsils removed	 Vladimir Putin wore a spiked condom.
How do you make a baby cry	 Drop it. How do you make a baby stop crying? Drop it again.
How did the T-Rex feel after working out	 [OC] Dino-sore
How do you call a black woman who had 7 abortions	 ...a crime fighter
How many PETA member does it take to change a lightbulb	 Doesnt matter. PETA cant chqnge anything!
How do you stop a dog smelling 	 Put a peg on it's nose !
How do you get a kid out from a microwave	 Please answer before my wife gets home!
How much storage do you need for a mouthful of dirt	 A Terra Bite
How many letters are in the alphabet during the Christmas Season	 Only 25...because there's Noel.
How do comedians stay in shape	 They do set ups.
How does a football player make phone calls	  On a touch-down phone.
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan was getting for christmas	 He felt his presents.
How do ghosts like their chicken cooked	 Terri-fried!
How do they separate the men from the boys in the navy	 With a crowbar.
How do they tie things down on the space station	 They use astro knots.
how do u do molly safely	 wear a condm.
How do you Organize a Space Party	 You Planet!
How many countries border Germany	 Nein!
How did Oedipus convince his mom to have sex with him	 He 'incested'.
How many optometrist does it take to change a lightbulb	 1 or 2? 1... Or 2? 1 or 2?
How did the musician catch his fish	 He castanet
How can you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber	 You ask them to pronounce unionize.
How are women like rocks	 You skip the flat ones.
How do you know you're at a redneck wedding	 Everybody is sitting on the same side of the church
How do you spell wrong	 R?o?n?g. That's wrong. That's what you asked for isn't it?
How do I know that Trump will be our next president	 Because Orange is the new Black.
How do you please all the people	 Tell them Ellen Pao has stepped down as of today!
How many prostitutes do you have to kill until someone notices	 I'm not sure yet.
How does Davy Crockett take his pie	 A'lamode
How do you fix the dishwasher	 Smack her.
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation	 He gets a pencil and works it out.
How many guys wearing turbans does it take to change a light bulb	 Sikhs.
How did Adolf tie his shoes	 With two knotzies.
How did your blind date go	 Bit of a disaster really, our guide Dogs started Fighting
How do you turn a washing machine into a snowblower	 Give her a shovel.
How does an elephant go up a tree	 It stands on an acorn and waits for it to grow.
How many push-ups is too many when meeting your girlfriend's dad for the first time	
How does good deodorant smell	 Odorable.
How can you spot the rank of a Russian	 By the stripes on his Adidas jumpsuit.
How do you make a sandwich legendary	 Make it on dark rye
How does Sean Connery find his way to the toilet	 With a shat nav.
How do you know statisticians are always serious	 They mean what they say.
How many 'Suh Dudes' does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. Its already lit, fam.
How do single people honor valentine's day	 By Celibating!
How can you tell which lesbian in the relationship does the cooking	 Neither, they both eat out.
How did the blonde burn her ear	 The telephone rang while she was ironing.
how tall is bruno mars	
How many Borderline P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	 Just one. To threaten suicide if you don't change it for him/her.
how do you get a nun pregnant	 dress her up as a choirboy
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh 	 ten-tickcles.
How did the Hulk's mind blow	 Somebody threw a bone very far and Hulk yelled "HULK GET IT! HEY WAIT."
how do you make a conedian and a coke dealer hate you	 Steal their lines
How did the farmer find his girlfriend	 He tractor!
how do you get a 100 cows into a barn	 put up a Bingo sign!
How much is appropriate to tip the police officer who opens the squad car door for you	
How do you make a swiss roll	 Push him down a hill.
How does a hacker speak with bread	 He uses wheat speak.
How does the Addidas executive work through the night	 Three lines
How do cats let us know that they are in pain 	 Me...........Owwwwww!!
How many seasons are there in a dogs life 	 Just one the moulting season !
How many unwashed gorillas did Fetty Wap buy	 17 dirty apes.
How do you stop an angry elephant from charging 	 Take away it's credit cards !
How to eliminate world hunger and unemployment at once	 Let the hungry eat the unemployed.
How do you milk an almond	
How do you get a paper baby	 Marry an old bag.
How long did it take for the police to catch the man running in his underwear	 It was a brief chase...
How do you sum up a cashew	 In a nutshell!
How can you tell which Russian olympic spectators are actually KGB agents	 The ones with food.
How much does a flight to Rio cost	 A Brazilian dollars.
How does JokeExplainBot work	 Having all that trivial information must be a big distraction...
How many feminists does is it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they have a glass ceiling instead.
How are burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend related	 All come from not pulling out on time.
How did the violinist learn to play violin	 He just started fiddling with it.
How many potatoe does it take to kill a Latvian	 none (inspired by /u/aces613 )
How long have I been working for this company	 Ever since they threatened to fire me.
How is Bill Cosby like an environment at 0 Kelvin	 When around both, one eventually stops moving. Forgive me.
How did Moses make his tea in the morning	 Hebrewed it.
How do you get a free flight at an airport	 Take the stairs.
How is a broken clock better than a politician	 The clock is still right twice a day.
How is your diet going	 "Horrible. I had eggs for breakfast." "Scrambled?" "Cadbury."
How do you separate the men from the boys in the Navy	 With a crowbar.
How many Super Sayajins does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one, but it lasts five episodes. And Kuririn dies.
How do you know when a joke becomes a dad joke	 When the punchline becomes a parent.
How do drown a hipster	 In the main steam
How many mm^3 of dirt is there in a hole 1m x 1m x 1m	 There is no dirt in the hole!
How do you get Dick from Richard	 I don't know, ask his wife.
How can you tell between a graphic designer and recruiter	 Ask them to pronounce "hires"
How did the guy with a foot fetish ruin his date with an amputee	 He got off on the wrong foot
How does one enter a brothel in Westeros	 Through the Hodor
How does Ellen DeGeneres fire an arrow	 With her Les-bow.
How do you castrate a redneck	 You kick his sister in the jaw.
How does a penguin keep itself hydrated	 His waddle bottle.
How do you say goodbye to German cheese	 Velveetazane
How many ants does it take to own an apartment	 10 . It requires tenants to own an apartment.
How do you get four old ladies to say the F word	 Have the fifth one say.... BINGO!
How does a mathematician solve his constipation problem	 He works it out with a pencil!    = 
How Long Does It Take A Black Woman To Take A Dump	 9 months.
How do you get garbanzo breath	 Have a chickpea in your mouth
How much space does the EU have left	 1GB
How do you tell a lonely geologist from a social one	 The lonely one dated igneous rocks!
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say hello	 Konichihuahua.
How many country singers does it take to change a lightbulb	 One to put in the new one, and two to sing about how good the old one was.
How do French psychologists like their beverages	 froid
How do fish go into business 	 The start on a small scale !
How do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How does a sociopath say goodbye	 Manip-ya-later!
How was I supposed to know unleashing 342 cats in a club would turn to bone-chilling horror the instant the disco balls started up	
How many times do I have to refresh internet pages before I'm happy	
How many pushups can Chuck Norris do	 All of them!
How do you get four gay guys on a barstool	 Turn it upside-down.
How is 2+2=5 like your left foot	 It's not right.
How does a door chime answer the phone	  Bella?
How is an accordion like an artillery shell	 Once you hear it, it's already too late.
How do you tell a Japanese girl you're breaking up with her 	 You drop it on her twice.
How cops does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they just beat the room for being black.
How do you measure how sad someone is	 With a blues scale
How do you know if a girl is ticklish	 Give her two test tickles.
How do you stop a ginger from drowning	 Take your foot off the back of his head.
How did Henry VIIIs wife enter the room	 Amble in (Anne Boyeyn) I made this joke up and am very proud of it :)
How many NYPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just beat the room for being black.
How are a grenade and a wife similar	 If you pull the ring off it, the house is gone
How do hair stylists get in shape	 Curling Iron.
How many times does 43 go into 9	 The priest won't tell you, but *he knows*.
How do trees encourage one another	 They say "I'm rooting for you"
How do you make a squid laugh	 Ten tickles.
How many firemen does it take to change a light bulb	 Four - three to cut a hole in the roof and one to change the bulb.
How many cashiers does it take to change a light bulb	 "Are you kidding? They won't even change a five dollar bill."
How do you know Putin's doing well this election	 He's taking over the Poles.
How does Germany pay for all these refugees	 Krautfunding.
How do you sink a polish war ship	 You put it in water
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams	 With spirit levels.
How many square feet are in the average NYC apartment	 Zero. Feet are feet shaped.
How much do pirates pay for piercings	 A buccaneer!
How do you get 100 babies into a bowl	 A blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips
How long does a dog's bark last	 **Ruff**ly a second.
How do Egyptians warn each other about a spreading fire	 Pyroglyphs.
How ironic is it... to die in the living room	
How did Mario bring back his brother after he got a Game Over	 He used a Luigi Board.
How do you circumcise Luke Skywalker	 Kick Princess Leia in the jaw.
How do you know that there's a monster in your bath	 You can't get the shower curtain closed.
How are feminists and bad hacker groups similar	 Both can't take down anything.
How long does it take to reach the ground from 110 stories up	 The rest of your life.
how many chefs does it take to change a,light bulb 	 one to do it, and five others to tell him how they did it differently in their last kitchen.
How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/askscience question	 [deleted]
How does Kris Kringle clean his hands	 Santatizer
How do you scare a bee	 Boo bee. (Boobie - get it? - courtesy of my kids)
How come when someone says "we need to talk" it's never about ice cream or Star Wars	
How do you read the Gospel According to Shrek	 Open your bible to Psalm BODY ONCE TOLD ME
How does an apple a day keep the doctor away	  When you take careful aim.
How do you stop hearing jokes written for 12 year olds	 Unsubscribe from r/jokes!
How are your step mother and a 17 in the card game 21 similar	 You know you can't but you really want to hit it.
How are a 9-volt battery and a girl's asshole similar	 Even though you know you shouldn't you lick it anyway.
How do you keep the entire front page of Reddit in suspense	
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two - but how'd they get in there?
How will Donald Trump build such a huge wall without congressional approval	 By forcing every Juan to work on it.
How do you defeat an American	 Don't do anything, just place a mirror in front of them and see as they squirm.
How can you tell if someone with parkinsons has hypothermia	 You can't. That's what makes it so funny.
How many seconds are there in a year	 Twelve
How do you stop an Internet troll	 Seize their memes of production.
How do you find will smith in a snow storm	 Follow the fresh prints
How do you reply when someone on /r/askscience asks you on a date	 [deleted]
How do you get a woman to scream twice	 You do her in the ass, then wipe it off on the drapes.
How does a chef ask to leave the dinner table	 He says, "Gourmet I be excused?"
How can you tell if you are looking at a police glow worm 	 it has a blue light !
how did the hipster burn his tongue	 He sipped his coffee before it was cool
How many dancers does it take to change a light bulb	 Five... six... seven... eight!
How good are the showers at Auschwitz	 They're to die for.
How did the truck get his girlfriend	 Pickup lines
How do you know if there's an athiest on a reddit thread	 Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How did the babysitter lose 500 kids and keep her job	 She swallowed
How do you launder money	 Put it under the soap.
How do you call an alligator in a vest	 An Investigator.
How did the footbal pitch end up as triangle 	 Somebody took a corner !
How do blind skydivers know when to pull the cord	 ..The leash goes slack
How do you know your girlfriend is too young	 She only puckers up for her pacifier.
How does an Australian shave	 Rise up lights
How do you get a little old lady to say the f* word	 Get another old lady to say "BINGO!"
How do you embaress an archeologist	 Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How does Seth Macfarlane wishes you Eid Mubarrak	 Keep it in church, guys.
How does Google translate "ten dead American cops" into any other language	  \_()_/ 
How do really posh dogs send messages	 By predigree-mail.
How do you stop an F4 tornado from destroying a town	 A roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris! However, this method will cause more destruction than the tornado.
How do dentists like their eggs	 Poached.
How many sperm cells do virgins have at any given time	 Ohh.. About a handful.
How does a chef relax	 He beats his meat
How did the Shepherd find the sheep in the tall grass	 ... Satisfying.
How do you tell the difference between an X and Y chromosome	 You pull down its genes.
How does Bilbo take his tea	 Bag-in
How is Donald Trump related to this post	 They're both jokes.
How many Astros fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Both of them.
How much does a red lightsaber cost	 An arm and a leg ^^edit: ^^slightly ^^improved ^^punchline
How many women have you slept with My wife asked me, "How many women have you slept with	" I proudly replied, "Only you, Darling. With all the others I was awake."
How is /r/jokes like the green movement	 Reuse and Recycle
How does a dishwasher make his money	 Panhandling
How do you lose fourteen stone of fat	 Dump him.
How did the native find his sister in the woods	 Pretty good!
How does James Bond sleep	 Around.
How is a speech impediment like a box of chocolates	 It doesn't really matter, as long as it has good cocoa content.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist camp	 It's not hard.
How do we know Floyd Mayweather isn't a bomb	 Because he can't tell the time.
How many Obama-voters does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. Obama voters are obviously too lazy to work at anything, so they just HOPE for the lightbulb to CHANGE.
How many cross-dressers live near Manchester	 Well, nearly 320,000 people round there have a Wigan address.
How much hate does it take to qualify as a "hater"	 I hate tons of stuff.
How many cops does it tale to change a light bulb	 Trick question. They just beat the room for being black.
How bacteria stay in contact while they're in jail	 They exchange cell numbers.
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader..	 Tell him that Asylum Seekers are the natural predators of Paedophiles.
How do you keep Canadian bacon from curling in the pan	 Take away its brooms.
How's Terry Fox like Jack Layton	 They both tried to run a country and died before finishing.
how does a moel make his money	 he collects the tips.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None. Hippies screw in vans.
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb	 A Brazilian.
How do Frenchmen share files	 Pierre to Pierre.
How do you confuse a heterosexual person	 Eleven
How much does a truck made of light weigh	 Photons
How do know a job's been done by a lesbian carpenter	 There are no nails, and no screws, it's all tongue and groove!
How do you make a drummers car more aerodynamic	 You remove the pizza delivery sign! Hahahahaaa..ha
How is a blowjob like a lobster dinner	 You have to leave the house to get a good one.
How can you tell a redneck girl is a virgin	 She can run faster than her brother.
How does Snoop Dogg get revenge	 Faux pho fo' foe. Served cold of course. I also doubt Snoop has many enemies.
How heavy is a hipster	 One thousand instagrams
How do you teach a girl math	 Subtract her clothes, divide her legs, give her a square root and watch her multiply.
How can you tell if a dinosaur is visiting your house	 His tricycle will be parked outside.
How do you change root beer in to a beer	 Put it in a square cup
How do astronauts plan a party	 They planet. (Plan-et)
How do you reunite the Beatles	 With two bullets.
How many pedants does it take to replace a burnt light bulb	 Glass doesn't burn.
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Three. 1 to screw it in and 2 to talk about how much better Neil Peart could've done it
How to get a date with a Clinton supporter today... Baby, want a tissue	
How did the set react when it heard about the Russell Paradox	 It couldn't contain itself.
How long does it take a black woman to poo	 9 mouths
How can you tell when a bicycist comes to a complete stop	 He puts his foot down.
How did harry potter get down the hill	 Walking, Jk rowling
How does a train driver operate a train while eating gum	 He goes chew chew chew... creds to my 5yo brother
How often do you guys close your internet tabs	 One of mine is from the Kerry/Edwards campaign.
How many sociologists does it take to change a light bulb	 Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How many ants can you fit inside an apartment 	 Ten-ants !
How do you pass the Isis entrance exam	 I don't know about you, I bombed it.
How did Kim Jong-Il begin his audio autobiography	 "Dear Reader"
How many honest politicians does it take to change a lightbulb	 All three of them.
How many pandas does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Technically, just two, but it is really hard to get them to breed in captivity.
How do scientists celebrate Pirate Day	 They get their Aaargh-On!
How do men and women fill the fuel tank differently	 Men jiggle the nozzle afterwards.
How many months have 28 days	 All of them
How did Godzilla get the job opportunity	 Some say he had a foot in the door... and the window... and the wall.
How in the hell do people spell your name wrong on facebook when it's right in front of them	!
How is the porn industry different from every other career	 It's the only job where you have to stay late if you come early.
How does a musician make a million dollars	 They start with 2 million.
how many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb	 Are you kidding? That's a hardware problem!
How does Han Solo like to get around Endor	 Ewoks
How did the unqualified harp player get into the orchestra	 She pulled some strings.
How are bears related to cooking	 The pan... duh
How do you agitate an achy feminist runner	 massage a knee
how are women like a quantum computer	 they are both turned on and off by you at the same time.
How many cans of soda can a soda can can if a soda can can can cans	 No one can ever know P.S. are these type of tongue twister jokes allowed here? If not i will happily remove it.
How can you tell if a girl is ticklish	 Give her a couple of test tickles...
How many white Police Officers does it take to beat up one black motorist	 None. He fell down some stairs.
How did the New Orlean Pelicans get their name	 They should've gone with the Hurricanes.
how many corrections officers does it take to throw an inmate down the stairs	 none he fell
How are Pornstars paid	 Income
How do you kill a blonde	 There are three ways; -put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool -a mirror at the bottom of a pool -or put a condom on the top of a flag pole
How do you make an eggroll	 You push it.
How do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	 Stick
How much for the vacation home	 Sir, this is a coffin.
How do you get down from a horse	 You don't. You get down from a duck.
How can I go to sleep when this movie I've seen 70 times just started	
How about instead of me calling you to let you know that I landed safely, you just watch the news	
How can you tell a mechanic got laid	 He has one clean finger
How do you call unexpected pregnancy in German	 Kinder Surprise
How do you get wishes from cheese	 You fed-a-genie!
How do you know when a woman is about to say some thing intelligent	 She starts her sentance with "A man once told me"
How many baby's does it take to paint a house	 Depends on how hard you throw them
How much does a birdhouse cost	 I don't know the exact price but I know they're pretty cheep
How do you make Peppermint Creme	 Finger it really well.
How do you know if your friend, "Doesn't even OWN a TV	" Because it's this answer to every question you ask them. "Did you hear about the President's new policy on...?" "I don't even OWN a TV!"
How many Super Sayains does it take to change a light bulb	 Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z!
How does a blond, get revenge on her blond boyfriend	 She paints a target icon around the outlet.
How do you seize the means of production	 By overthrowing the bourgeoisie 
How to propose to a stoner: Marriage ya wanna	
How do you tell a boy chromosome from a girl chromosome	 Check their jeans.
How did the turtle with no arms and no legs cross the freeway	 Here's a hint: take the F out of Free and take the F out of Way
How is called the funeral of an electrical engineer	 Grounding
How do Iranians speak on the  telephone	 Persian-to-Persian (person-to-person).
How did Simba make the Pride Lands great again	 He put up a wall
How do you host an amnesia support group on a budget	 The moment they show up, tell them the meeting went great and their speech was inspiring.
How come you never see elephants hiding up trees	 Because they are really good at it.
How to keep a reader in suspense	 [removed]
How can you tell if an American has a conceal carry permit	 They'll tell you.
How do you make beef stew	 Tell a cow they're being watched.
How many Alzheimer victims does it take to change a light bulb	 To get to the other side
How Many Russians Does It Take To Invade Crimea	 None according to the Russians.
How frustrating would it be if you turned into a zombie before you had a chance to put your dentures in	
How did the blind kid burn the side of his face	 He answered the iron
How does North Korea only have four medals so far	 We're the best at everything. We even fed our athletes this time.
How many editors does it take to change a light bulb	 Only one but first he has to rewire the entire building.
How do you know you're always about to have fun in the company of an octopus	 Because it's always ten-to-cool time...
How does a queen get around her kingdom	 She gets throne.
How is a thief like a thermometer on a hot day	 They are both up to something.
How many DUIs does Tony Hawk have that he has to ride everywhere on a skateboard	
How many points do you get if you hit a golfer	 Fore.
How does a south central chicken cross the road	 ... In a bucket
How do you stop an elephant going through the eye of a needle	 By tying a knot on its tail.
How was the Roman Empire cut in half	 With a pair of Caesars.
how many Pittsburgh Steelers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they just talk about how good the last six were
How do you say dinner in spanish	 JOHN CENA
How many instruments do you have to be terrible at before you start playing the triangle	
How do you send a sandwich to someone on a computer	 in bytes
How did I get out of Afghanistan	 Iran.
How do you plant dope	 Bury a blonde.
How come I didn't get upset when the Indian restaurant got my order wrong	 It was a Naan issue
How do you make a dinosaur	 Kick it up the arse
How big are headphones going to get before we just start to wear helmets with subwoofers inside them	
How can you tell if a person is a vegetarian	 Don't worry. They'll tell you they're a vegetarian.
How much money does the Treasurer of the United States make	 All of it.
How do spacemen pass the time on long trips 	 They play astronauts and crosses !
How do you get pikachu on to a boat	 You  pokemon
How do you fit three gay men on a bar stool	 You flip the stool over.
How do you make black people break out into song	 Put em' to work!...  On a gospel record.
How many 1980s R &amp; B divas does it take to fix a broken lightbulb	 Just one, but they fix the crack by torchlight
How do dating sites in Alabama save money	 They link to Ancestry.com
How do you put spaghetti to sleep	 You cover it in peanut butter until it dies. My 4 year old made that up, along with a few others. Not sure how I feel about this.
How do you turn a computer into a zombie	 Send it a byte. Kind of lame but I couldn't help myself.
How will we truly reach gender equality	 By leaving the toilet seat at a 45 degree angle for the next person to decide without bias.
How did Donald Trump won with his poor vocabulary	 He's the only candidate that America finally understands..
How do you blow square balloons	 Blow square breaths.
How do you treat a pain in the ass	 Take an asprin.
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None. They only screw the poor.
How do you get an anorexic to gain 25 pounds	 Marry her.
How do you keep a black kid from jumping on the bed	 Velrow
How do you put 4 elephants in a small car 	 2 in the front seats and 2 in the back seats
How do you know if someone is a vegan or has run a marathon	 They'll tell you
How do the people of northern Iraq manage to get so much done	 The Kurds have their ways
How do cows multiply	 With cowculators!
How long does it take for a Homeless man's stomach to be full	 A couple of seconds.
How many figures does a stripper make	 I don't know, but it's not a father figure.
How do You find the worst joke of the internet	 You reddit.
How do you congratulate a fighter after winning a match	 Good jab.
How do you know if somebody is a vegan	 They'll fucking tell you.
How are Chile mining companies and catholic priests different	 Chile mining companies get their minors stuck in shafts while catholic priests get their shafts stuck in minors
How many times do you pass your coworker in the hall before you switch from saying "hi" to breakdance fighting	
How does Bob Marley like his biscuits	 Wit jam in?
How did the lawyer chip his tooth	 The ambulance slammed on its brakes.
How many people does it take for Valve to change a light bulb	 Two at most.
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag	 Take the "f" out of the word "way". (get it yet...?)
How does a penguin build its house 	 Igloos it together
How much does the Holocaust	
How are kids like piano keys	 All the black ones are accidentals.
How do you grill sheep	 With Samsung Batteries.
How did Christopher Columbus find India	 He used Apple Maps.
How do you give a hill billy a circumcision	 You kick his sister in the jaw.
how did the bananas get away from the cops	 They split up.
How many technical writers does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one provided there's a programmer around to explain how to do it.
How do you stop a monster digging up your  garden	 Take his spade away.
How can a law student make it	 lowering the bar. or not to.
How do you make the 12th man Happy	 FIRE BEVELL
How did Pavlov keep his dogs so fluffy	 He used conditioner on them.
How'd your trip on the Titanic go	 Swimmingly.
How do you find Will Smith after a snowstorm	 Just look for the fresh prints.
How many trains have I derailed in all my years as a train driver	 It's hard to keep track.
How does one think the unthinkable	 With an iethberg.
How do you make a woman drive in a circle	 Take away her rights.
How do really crazy people get through the forest	 Via the psycho path.
How do you stop squirrels playing football in  the garden 	 Hide the ball it drives them nuts !
How did the blind girl accidentally get pregnant	 As careful as she tried to be, she could never have seen him coming
How does Bran Stark enter a brothel	 With a Hodor
How is a man and a 45 degree angle alike	 Neither of them are ever right.
How many times does it take for a woman on period to change a lightbulb	 IT WILL TAKE THE TIME IT FUCKING NEEDS !!!
How do I know you're not John Cena	 I can see you
How does my bladder always know when I've found the most comfortable position in my bed	
How could they tell Amy Winehouse was dead	 No, seriously. How could they tell?
How do you get a Harvard Graduate off your porch	 You pay him for the pizza.
How can you tell if you're being persecuted by agnostics	 You come home to find a question mark burned into your lawn.
How many suh dudes does it take to change a light bulb	 None, its already lit fam!
How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart	 When she starts her sentence with , "A man once told me... "
How does a tree access the internet	 It logs on.
How tall are the twin towers	 9" 11
How many graduate students does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one, but it takes nine years.
How do you sink a norwegian submarine	 You knock on the door. How do you sink the same sub again? You knock on the door and they'll come out saying "Haha! We're not falling for that one again!".
How many states of matter are there	 5: solids, liquids, gases, plasma, and black lives
How do you overcome tyrannical pancakes	 U syrup 'em
How many kids does Adrian Peterson have	 More than you can shake a stick at
How many people can ride on a bird	 Toucan.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.
How do clams communicate	 A shell phone!
How does a lobster answer the phone	  Shello?
How do you keep a blonde in suspense	 ...
How to blind parachutist know they're close to the ground	 The feel the leash go slack! (heard this one while listening to some irish tunes)
How many violent revolutions does it take to change a lightbulb	 Violent revolutions never change anything.
How did the roman cannibal feel about his victim	 He was glad he ate her.
How do you get a one armed man off a tree	 You wave to him
How many online courses are offered by the senior learning center	 None. They're old school.
How do you get a goth down from a tree	 Cut the rope
How do you find King Arthur in the dark	 With a knight light....
How deep is the ocean	 A shark spooked him while he was surfing.
How do you keep someone from hearing the punchline of a joke	
How do you keep an idiot waiting	
How long does it take for a black woman to take out the trash	 9 months.
How excited are you, on a scale from 1 to white woman who just found out that this dinner party has sangria	
How can you tell if someone uses Apple products	 Just wait and they'll tell you.
How did spider-man reach the inner city kids	 He web-slang
How many of you have awakened with your spouse holding your hand only to find they are putting your thumb on your iPhone trying to break in	
How do you tell Michael Jackson's age	 You put a color scale next to his face.
How many men does it take to moderate /r/MensRights 	 None. There are no *men* there.
How do you find a black person	 Guilty as charged.
How do Italians light their dynamite	 With a fuse-illi.
How do you tell a British guy that it's his turn to play ball	 "Europe"
How cute does one have to be to make sparks fly	 Electro cute
How many ninjas does it take to... Where did that lightbulb come from	!
How amphetamine addiction is called	 Need for Speed.
How do you make German potato pancakes	 Cook them in the microwave
How can you tell that your dog just gave birth	 It is now a parent.
How did the Redditor get stuck in a loop	 I don't know, check the post above me.
Howcome you can't see elephants hiding in trees	 Because they're very good at it.
How did the doctor determine that the baby was affected by the Zika virus	 It was a no brainer.
How did NASCAR get that name	 Redneck: 'That's nascar ye got there."
How do you make a blind moan	 Kick him in the balls
How many people with OCD does it take to change a light bulb	 Seven. It *has* to be seven.
How do you know if air fresheners have gotten too smart	 If they have become scent-ient.
How do you know you're wife is too fat	 You're using Google maps to find her g spot...
How to Spot a Blind Nudist How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach	 Well it's not hard, really...
How does the redneck help his wife with the dishes	 He gets her Dawn.
How do you get Amy Schumer, Rosie O'donnell and Lena Dunham to move to Canada	 Piece of cake.
How do you know a gypsy woman is pregnant	 You put a piece of wire in her and if you feel pulling she is indeed pregnant.
How do you make a cat sounds like a dog	 Douse it in gasoline and set it on fire. *WOOF*!
How many Republicans does it take to screwin a light bub	 Zero. They're so fucking dumb that none of them can screw a light bulb to begin with.
How do you get 20 Canadians out of a pool	 "Okay folks, time to get out of the pool!"
How can you shorten a bed	 Don't sleep long in it.
How do you make a latte	 Add $5 to a cup of coffee.
How can a woman make you a millionaire	 When you marry her as a billionaire.
How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS	 - Analisis
How do you get an elephant across a busy freeway	 take the 'f' out of free and the 'f' out of way...
How do you address a Black Farmer	 Through his owner.
How do '90s kids count to 6	 Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, cinco, seis.
How did 1337 Jesus escape his tomb	 (X-Post from ProgrammerHumor) He used an encrypted key.
How much cocaine can a smuggler sneak into prison	 a buttload.
How does a guy prove he's tough	 He jogs home after his vasectomy. . Fairly old, vasectomies may not be so bad any longer.
How did ISIS do on their French exam	 They bombed it...
How do you defend yourself against a gang of horny masochistics	 You probably have to beat them off with a stick!
How many redditors does it take to make a good joke	 Three. One to post it, the second to post a better punchline in the comments, and the third to complain that it's a repost.
How can you tell if someone is a pilot	 They'll just tell you.
How do you find Will Smith in a blizzard	 You just track the fresh prints. Sorry if its a repost I just heard it.
How Are a Texas Tornado And a Tennessee Divorce The Same	 Somebody's Gonna Lose A Trailer
How do you make a Swiss Roll	 Push him down a hill. BONUS: How do you make French Wine? Invade.
How much energy does it take to create a rap star	 1.21 Jigga whats.
How come north Carolina is the bluest state	 Raleigh scattering
How is it that rice originated from China to become a staple food for a large part of the world's human population	 I mean, come on! They couldn't even pronounce it.
How did Canada name their country	 They picked random letters from a hat. C, eh? N, eh? D, eh?
How often do I tell chemistry jokes	 Periodically
How do truckers contact each other in Wisconsin	 They use a Milwaukee-Talkie
How do you know that someone you met is a Harvard graduate	 He already told you so.
How do you describe a Swede, who's not really a Swede	 Swed-ish.
How much fishing tackle can a man accumulate  before his wife throws him out	 I don't know the answer but I think I'm nearly there.
How many pushups can Ryan Gosling do	 All of them.
How many ears does spock have	 (if you don't get it read it aloud) a left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
How do you tittilate an ocelot	 Oscillate its tit a lot.
How do you call sons of australians and germans	 Men at Work
How many McDonalds workers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, because they can't climb the ladder.
How is Valve like Uranium-238	 By the time they get to the third Half Life 13.5 Billion years will have passed.
How does Big Boss store his photos	 On a Solid Snake Drive 120 gb sorry :\
How does a dog catcher gets paid	 by the pound.
How do you keep a blonde busy for years	 Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.
How many Protestants does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They live in eternal darkness.
How do they make bras for octopi	 With suction cups.
How can you tell this joke was submitted by a woman	 No, wait.
How many parents does it take to raise a homicidal maniac	 Two, then one, then none
How did the prof get the latin college girl pregnant	 He asked her to do an essay. [Also, I'm latin]
How do blind doctors deliver babies	 With a can't c-section.
How did Harry Potter Get Down the Hill	 Walking. JK. Rolling.
How do you get rid of an itch	 Start from scratch.
How do you take the letter "F" out of the word "WAY" 	 There is no F in way.
How do you starve a right wing christian	 Hide their money in their bible.
How do sharks like their steak	 Whale-done :)
How many pollocks does it take to paint a house	 1 to hold the brush and 1000 to turn the house!
How strict is the "I licked it, it's mine" policy	 There's some things I've licked that I don't want.
How do you cure a nymphomaniac	 Marry her.
How do you celebrate an Ethiopian child's first birthday	 By laying flowers on their grave.
How do we know that Dumbledore was a horcrux	 Because killing him after the second film wasn't good enough.
How best to save the iPhone from FBI	 Crack it before they hack it.
How does an accountant relieve his constipation	 He works it out with a pencil
How many times did people question the honesty of Shakira's hips before she finally decided to defend them in a song	
How do Dolphins live their lives	 With a porpoise.
How do you spot a dwarf in a drugstore	 He's the smallest one
How many Canadians does it take to change a light bulb	 None, they don't change light bulbs, they accept them the way they are.
How do you tell a deaf person to shut up	 "Here, hold this."
How much Squidwards does it take to fix a lightbulb	 zero, because none of them knows how to
How did the German dad scold his son for eating too much frozen dessert	 QUIT Haagen-Dazs ICE CREAMS!
How should a doctor treat a patient with Mesothelioma	 Asbestos he can.
How do you stop a baby from crawling round in circles	 Nail its other hand to the floor.
How do you get a grad student off your porch	 You pay them for the pizza.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black	 Ever try and take a rib from a black.
How can you tell a sumo wrestler from a feminist	 A sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
How do hipsters talk about shoes	 [...](http://imgur.com/yzelyVT)
How do you come out of a closet like a true redditor	 You get confused.
How do you find a dead body	 Download Pokemon GO.
How do you contact a cross dresser	 Shemail
How does raw chicken taste	 Fowl
How did the Italian chef break up with his girlfriend	 "Pasta la vista, baby."
How do you keep a programmer in the shower  all day	 Give him a bottle of shampoo which says "lather rinse repeat."
How many Apes does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Only one... but it takes a shitload of light bulbs.
How do you get gum out of your hair	 Q: How do you get gum out of your hair? A: Cancer.
How do you catch an Elephant	 Dig a hole, fill it with ashes, and line the outside with peas. So when the Elephant comes to take a pea, you can kick him in the ash hole.
How do college students exercise	 By swimming in their debt.
How many extroverts does it take to change a lightbulb	 Let's throw a party while we're at it.
How do you tie two half ducks together	 with ducktape!! 
How do I stay in shape	 I stole an ostrich, it chases me around the house all day, i hate it
How do you organise a space party	 You planet.
How can you spot a vegan in a crowded lunch hall	 Don't worry, they'll tell you and every other person there!
How did the founding fathers of Canada name there country	 They drew letters from a hat. "A 'C' eh! An 'N' eh! A 'D' eh!" they cried
How did the stem cell break it to his girl	 It's not you; it's me*iosis* Could probably do with some work on deliver as I made it 5 minutes ago
How did the king die	 He had a bad heir day
How many Scots didn't turn up to vote	 One in Fife
How does the Moon cut the Sun's hair	 He eclipse it.
How many Nickelback fans does it take to screw in a light bulb	 .... Trick question! There's no such thing as Nickelback fans. (I will be hated by few)
How many Comcast customer service agents does it take to change a lightbulb	 ... Is the lightbulb plugged in sir?
How do you find a blonde on reddit	 Look for the comments that just say "huh?"
How many light bulbs does it take to change people	
How did the Roman feel when he cannibalized his nagging wife	 Glad-he-ater
How did AL Gore program his computer	 With the proper al-gor-ithms
How do you get money out of a piggy bank	 Feed it laxatives.
How do you confuse Helen Keller	 You tell her to read a basketball.
How many reporters does it take to get a headline with ISIS	
How do you stop your laptop batteries from  running out	 Hide their trainers.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday	 Tell her a joke on Wednesday! 
How good are you at powerpoint	 I Excel at it!
How does a person with less than 50 dollars become a millionaire	 Knawledge!
How do the Greeks seperate the men from the boys	 A crowbar.
How many egocentrics does it take to change a light-bulb	 Me, and only me!
How do mesquite trees get taller	 They stand on their mesqui-toes!
How do your trigger a SJW	 Oops.
How do you identify the head waitress at a restaurant	 She's the one wearing knee pads.
How did the hipster make it to the front page	 He did it before it was cool
How do you annoy someone from r/Jokes	 [deleted]
How do you turn a duck into a chart topping soul singer	 Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
How do you start a Rave in Ethiopia	 Staple food to the ceiling.
How do you know that William Wallace is normally distributed	 'Cause he has infinite degrees of FREEEEEDOM!!!
How many feninists does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. Because feminists can't change anything.
How does a fencer earn their karma	 Ripostes.
How many immigrants does donald trump need to change a lightbulb	 None because no juan will be left to change it
How many children does it take to change a light bulb in America	 About 1 thousand Iraqis.
How do I apply this ointment "liberally" without compromising my conservative christian values	
How is Star Trek like toilet paper	 It circles Uranus looking for Klingons.
How do you know if someone is a vegan	 They tell you.
How do cows talk to each other	 They cowmoonicate.
how do I keep my skin looking so young	 it's all thanks to [turns to camera smiling] an ancient curse [locusts pour from my mouth & eyes]
How many vegans does it take to eat a bacon cheeseburger	 One if nobody's looking.
How do you make a chocolate omelette	 With Easter Eggs!
How does Google clean their facilities	 They use Google Mops.
How does a penguin make a decision	 Flipper coin. Again, I shall take my leave.
How many minutes equal one orgasm 	 One eight year old.
How can you tell if a California State coed is a good cook	 She can get the pop tart out of the toaster in one piece.
How do you know a black woman is pregnant	 When she pulls out the tampon, the cotton's been picked clean.
How in the world did Bill & Hillary Clinton avoid the celebrity nickname HillBilly	 WE DROPPED THE BALL AMERICA.
How do you stop a monster from smelling	 Cut off his nose.
How could you be pregnant!	!?!?!?! I bought he GOOD dollar store condoms!!!
How did Trump win	 He Trumped the opposition. It was Hillaryious
How does a coat steal something	 They jacket
How do you know if someone was in the military	 Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do you get a puppy to stay the same size forever	 You stop feeding it.
How are skinny jeans like a small mansion	 They have no ball room.
How are the Houston Rockets just like Metapod	 All they've got is Harden
How can you tell if someone is from Texas	 ...Oh don't worry , they'll tell you
How do you know Little Miss Muffet was a bodybuilder	 She was always eating her curds and whey.
How do you know carrots improve your vision	 Cause you've never seen any bunnies with glasses
How fast can you travel in any direction in an airport	 Terminal velocity.
How is it fair that if my girlfriend has sex with her brother nobody bats an eye, but if I have sex with her... I get arrested for beastality	
How did Kanye find out that Kim was bound, gagged, and held at gunpoint	 She released the video on pornhub. (Too soon?)
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard of hearing	 HEY! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!
How long does it take a black lady to shit	 About 9 months.
How do jockeys stay on their horses	 Jockey straps.
How does a blonde turn on the light after making love	 Opens the car door.
How do you get whole race to hate you	 Blow up the finish line. (I figured 2 years was long enough)
How scared was the man who ate cement	 Lets just say, he shit a brick.
How do you walk a dog with no legs	 You don't, you pick it up.
How many TSA agents does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. TSA agents only know how to remove clothes; putting them on is different matter completely.
How many shrinks does it take to change a lightbulb	 Just one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.
How do you give a quadriplegic a headache	 Ask him to hold open the elevator door
How do you get stuck in an annoying conversation with a stranger	 Ask someone vaping if you can bum a cigarette.
how many apples does it take to make a pie	 3.14159265358979323846.....
How do you know when a cat's done cleaning itself	 It's smoking a cigarette.
How do you catch a runaway laptop	 With an Internet.
How is sleeping with a girl whose dad is in the other room the same as being kidnapped	 Come quietly and nobody gets hurt.
How do you make three pounds of fat attractive	 Put a nipple on it.
How do you catch defish	 With debate.
How can you tell if someone does crossfit	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
how does rex reclaim make his music	 he composts it
How to cats greet each other at  Christmas 	 "A furry merry Christmas & Happy mew year" !
How many NYC cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None, they just beat the room for being black.
how do you keep bacon from curling in the pan	 You take away their tiny brooms.
How do you make an elephant fly	 First, you get a great big zipper...
How many PMSing women does it take to change a lightbulb	 Six. Why? It just does! OKAY!
How do you sink the unsinkable	 Zat is a qvestion for a philosopher, not a comedian!
How does a man see things from woman's point of view	 By looking out the kitchen window.
How many women are necessary to change a lightbulb	 One... but, what does it matter if she will ask a man to do it?!
How do you get someone with a doctorate in philosophy to leave your house	 Just pay for your pizza.
How does Soylent Green taste	 It varies from person to person.
How do you know a joke isn't a repost	 When it doesn't reach the front page.
How is Rihanna's boyfriend and power tools the same	 They're both Black and Decker.
How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex	 Call her and tell her about it
How has the guy who makes Capri Sun straw openings not been up for a job performance review	
How are wives like cholesterol	 If you ignore them for too long they'll probably end up killing you
How did people crash their vehicles before cellphones	
How does Jared like to play his flute	 In A minor.
How does Reddit feel about Civil War jokes	 Because personally, I General Lee don't find them funny
How many bronze players do you need to change a lightbulb	 None. They can't climb the ladder.
How many people work in the Lada factory	 Two. One to cut and one to glue
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing	 Your domain or mine?
How does a woman pick up Donald Trump	 With a pooper-scooper.
How do you make an egg laugh	 Tell it a yolk.
How do you get a unicorn from neighing in your front yard	 Put it in the back yard.
How do German bread greet each other	 Gluten tag!
How do you have a rave in Greece	 Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling
How thin do you have to be to go skinny dipping	
How many Swiss does it take to change a light bulb	 None. We pay a German to do it.
How many Nazis does it take to deny the holocaust	 Nein nein nein!!!
How are marriage and commiting suicide the same	 You are really good at it if you have only had to do it once. Edit: Joke idea taken from a /r/showerthoughts post.
How do you say goodbye to two people in Spanish	 Adidos!
How does Harry Potter like his sandwiches to be cut 	 Diagon alley
How many Sayians does it take to change a light bulb	 One. But it'll take 3 episodes, and Krillin dies.
How many Southern Baptists does it take to change a lightbulb	 .....change??
How do you ask a tyrannosaur out to lunch	 "Tea, Rex?"
How did the mathematician get rid of his constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil.
How do you circumcised a whale	 Four skin divers
How'm I going to 80's montage myself out of this one	
How can you tell when the Chief Accountant is getting soft	 When he actually listens to Marketing before saying No
How do you find the blind man in a nudist colony	 It's not hard.
How much do dirty deeds cost again	 -Malcolm Young
How do animals in children's books always have nicer houses than mine when they don't have jobs & all they do all day is learn life lessons	
How many dead prostitutes we need to change a lightbulb 	 Certainly not three, because in my basement is still dark.
How much did the pirate farmer charge for his corn	 [](/party)A buck-an-ear!
How do you show your appreciation towards black holes	 Thanks for nothing!
How do you make antifreeze	 Take away her blanket!
How do you call a puzzled amputee	 Stumped.
How many potatoes does it take to starve an Irish man	 None
How much of this "no more tears" shampoo do I have to feed this baby to get it to stop crying	
How do you greet an overweight Micronesian when you're trying to sound cool	 Microsoft Word.
How many Fat Acceptance Movement activists does it take to change a light bulb	 You don't need to change your bulb. Light or heavy, you are beautiful and worthy of acceptance.
How did I win a Super Smash Bros. Brawl Tournament	 I met a knight
How do tree surgeons live	 Life on the hedge!
How can you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	 One you see later, and the other you see in a while.
How long does it take for stormtroopers to obey Kylo Ren	 Just the First Order.
How do tectonic plates have fun	 They meet up and crack each other up.
How can you tell if there is an elephant in your dessert 	 You get very lumpy ice cream !
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/Jokes	 Three. One to post it, another to post a better punchline in the comment section, and another to repost it with the new punchline.
How many prepubescent teen boys does it take to screw in a light bulb	 He said "screw" lolol
How do you broach the sensitive religious topic about the possibility a human soul might not actually exist	 Gingerly.
How do you know if a Chinaman robbed your house	 Your homework is done and your computer is upgraded, but two hours later he is still trying to back out of your driveway.
How can you tell if Lady Gaga is dead	 Po-po-po-po-po-po-poke-her-face
how do you think the unthinkable	 with an ithberg!
How do you know if a chick used a vibrator while she was pregnant	 The kid stutters
How do we know burgers love young people	 They're pro-teen!
How do you say brassiere in German	 Keepemfromfloppin
How did Copernicus become the first Polish astronomer	 He was the first one in the country to look up.
How did the snowman get happy	 The snowblower came around
How can you recognise a blind man among a crowd of nudists	 It's not hard...
How do you tell if someone is opposed to GMOs	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How can you tell two people are married	 Both are yelling at the same kid.
How many babies does it take to change a light bulb	 None. Babies don't have the motor skills or the depth perception to change a light bulb.
How do you get a Texas Tech senior's eyes to sparkle	 Shine a flashlight in his ears.
How do you know if you are drowning in milk	 If it's pasturize
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader	 Tell him that asylum seekers kill pedophiles.
How often do you find a eunuch in Westeros	 It Varys (   )
How early do I need to start thawing the cat for Thanksgiving	
How many vegan people does it take to change a lightbulb	 One vegan, I am vegan, it was me - the vegan, I was the only vegan, it was me.
How do you clear out an Afghani bingo game..	 Call B52!!
How many angels can a pinhead dance on	 To hold up their pants.
How did the Manicurist feel after her salon was robbed	 Defiled.
How did the sun die	 It went to Detroit.
How does a guy with five dicks wear his pants	 Like a glove
how do you reference your local humane society on twitter	 "##"
How to raise a kid	 I injected my kid with yeast and put him in the oven for 30 minutes but he didn't rise. Any suggestions?
How do librarians file melted marshmallows	 According to the Gooey Decimal System.
How does the drug addict know the cocaine is good quality	 He just nose. All credit to my BFF
How can you tell if your sister is on her period	 Your dad's dick tastes funny.
How do you give an ice cube an identity crisis	 Drop it like its hot.
How did the Canadian win the hockey game	 He took stEHreroids
How old is your Grandma	 I dunno but we've had him a long time.
How do you make a peanut butter and Reddit sandwich	 You spreddit.
How do bros want their drinks	 NOICE!!!!
How do you get a French girl pregnant	 Cum in her shoe and let the flies do the rest.
How do you know you are in a real lesbian bar	 Not even the pool table has balls
How did the girl with fetal alcohol syndrome tag a picture of herself on instagram	 \#nophiltrum
How are cats like empty wine bottles	 I'm probably gonna die surrounded by both.
How did the girlfriend satisfy her secretly gay boyfriend	 I don't know, I guess she really had him pegged.
How many people with alzheimer's does it take to change a lightbulb	 To get to the otherside!
How do you spell "nose" is Spanish	 nose
How much did the pirate pay to get his ears pierced	 A buck 'n ear
How do you say "virgin" in Dutch	 Goodentight
How do we know that Jesus was made of bread	 Because yeasterday he died and tomorrow he will have risen.
How many Bill Cosbys does it take to change a light bulb	 Just one but every time he does he causes a blackout.
How do you know which pepper in the garden is the nosiest	 ... it's the one that's jalapeno business!!!
How do crazy people get through the forrest	 They take the psycho path.
how did harry potter get down the hill	 walking jk rowling
How do you wake a sleeping Lady Gaga	 You poke poke poker face
How can you tell if your sperm count is high	 Your partner has to chew before they swallow.
How are children like cellphones	 If you've lost one and haven't found it in a couple days, chances are it's probably dead.
How did the burglar get into the house	 Intruder window
How did the mathematician solve his problem with constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil
How much does a Qur'an weigh	 Allaht
How are women like casinos	 Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
How many good deeds do you need to be called a superhero	 Because If it's one or less, I'm totally there.
How many engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Two. One to screw in the bulb and another to talk about how complicated it was.
How to you circumcise a catholic boy	 Kick the priest in the jaw!
How would America win gold medals in shooting for the Olympics	 They take their prison population and school population to Rio.
How many people from Chernobyl does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None. They glow in the dark.
How come you catch more flies with honey... ... but you don't catch more honies with fly	
How can you tell Cap'n Crunch is terrible	 He hasn't been promoted since 1963...
How much salt does Jihadi John have on his chips	 Just a Daesh.
How much sawdust does a chicken have to eat to lay a two by four	 Give up? So did the chicken.
How do you get an elderly lady to say f***	 Get another one to say bingo
How did the Mathematician cure his constipation	 He worked it out with a pencil.
How did Tom Brady's feel after losing to the Broncos	 Deflated
How do you reduce wind-drag on a musician's car	 Take the Domino's Pizza sign off the roof
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizza	 Deep pan, Crisp and Even
How do you call a spiritually significant Polish guy	 Totem Pole.
How do you start a rave in Uganda 	 Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling
How can you tell baseball players are smarter than football players	 When was the last time you saw a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?
How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb	 She says, "Daddy, I want a new apartment."
How do Christians eat their icecream	 They Catholick it.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb	 Two - One to put it most of the way in, and one to give it an interesting twist at the end.
How can you tell if a gay person is dead	 Check pulse
How can you tell if someone went to the gym	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How can we call ourselves "evolved" when signs are needed to remind people to wash their hands after they go to the bathroom	
How many square feet of pizza can you eat	 Trick question. Pizzas are round.
How do you make a Whiskey Sour	 Crush it's hopes and dreams.
How did that bullfight come out	 Oh it was a toss-up!
How did the chickens dance at the Christmas  party 	 Chick to chick !
How does a ninja shop for groceries	 No one knows.
How can Euchre and Marriage be similar	 Sometimes you start out all hearts and diamonds, but end up wishing you had a club and a spade.
How is an easily-offended person like a broken GPS	 They always take things the wrong way.
How do you know accountants have no imagination	 They named a firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
How do you make a Gorilla float	 Two scoops of ice cream some club soda and a very tasty Gorilla!
How do you unlock a monastery door	 With a monk key.
How do you cure the bird flu versus swine flu	 One you use tweetment and the other, oinkment
How many black Oscar nominees would it take (compared to white nominees) to satisfy the boycotters	 Three-fifths as many seems like a generous offer.
How did one pothead greet the other	 High
How do you stop the protests in Charlotte	 Sing the nation anthem they will sit down
How do you trap a polar bear	 Dig a hole in the ice, and line the edge with peas. Then, when the polar bear comes along to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
How Does Sean Connery Wash His Dishes	 Like a Bosch!
How do you stop volcanoes from erupting	 Give them earth control pills*!* heh heh heh...
How do you get a philosophy major off of your porch	 Pay for the pizza.
How did the psychiatrist break his leg	 He had a Freudian slip.
How do you get in touch with the models in the pictures that come with the frame	 I have an out of control, elaborate lie I need help with.
How does Harry Potter get down the stairs	 By walking. J.K. Rowling...
How is a push-up bra like a bag of chips	 As soon as you open it, you realize it's half empty.
How can you make seven even	 Take away the letter S.
How do you get milk from a witch's cat	  Steal her saucer.
How do you make Bengay	 Squeeze his tube.
How do make a Kia twice as valuable	 Fill up the tank
How do you catch a refrigerator	 Well then you better go catch it! Hahaaa
How accurate is the Bible	 100% at short range
How do you send a dog to space	 Laika boss.
How did the Romans split up their empire	 With a pair of Caesars. (Thanks [Deep Digger Dan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=JUIumhWtTK4))
How many mystery writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two: one to get it 95% done, and the second to give it the twist at the end.
How come newspapers make so much money	 Because they make money off Paper Views
How many beer trucks can you "accidentally" run into before your insurance company becomes suspicious	
How come white girls can only count odd numbers	 Because they can't even.
How do you get a 90 year old lady to yell fuck	 Get another 90 year old to yell "BINGO!"
How do you mend a jack-o-lantern	 With a pumpkin patch.
How do the Kardashians tell a joke	 They get Kim to talk slowly to him.
How does moses make his tea	 Hebrews it
How do I know Kim and Kanye's daughter is going to be smart	 Because she already has 315 degrees.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	 None. Hippies only screw in tents.
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	 Find out next time on DRAGON BALL Z KAI!
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced	 A buccaneer!
How Does Moses make Tea	 HEBREW it!
How many "friendzoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do sceptics introduce themselves	 "I don't believe we've met..."
How do you get a dog to lick itself clean like a cat	 Cover it in peanut butter.
How does a Japanese person distinguish between a German and an extraterrestrial	 He doesn't, they are both Aryans.
how many Amish How many Amish people does it take to change a light bulb	
How did Maxwell greet Ampere	 Good Faraday to you, sir!
How many sexists does it take to change a light bulb	 **None** *Let the bitch cook in the dark.*
How many recovering alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb	 We'll get on it next week
How do black geese call to white geese	 HONKEY! HONKEY!
How do you explain a man birthing a baby	 Taco bell for lunch
How many dragon ball characters does it take to change a light bulb 	 Only one... but it will take a few episodes. ~~The lightbulb saga~~
How are Princess Diana and Pink Floyd alike	 Their last big hit was The Wall.
How do the Russian people feel about their government	 They're Putin up with it.
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a light-bulb	 None. It's a hardware problem.
How does Jesus like his hotwings	 Tinder and Mild.
How can you tell if someone who's just had  a perm is on the phone	 You get a frizzy signal!
How do you make a guitar player's car more aerodynamic	 Take off the pizza delivery sign.
How do you email a sandwich	 In bytes. *Ba dum tss*
How many cow-lories does a cheeseburger have	 Moo many...
How did Portland, Oregon protest Trump's wall	 They blocked streets with a human wall
How do reptilians melt steel beams	 thermite.
How do you know when you should stop eating	 When you start wearing the same bra size as your wife.
How many Juggalos does it take to change a light bulb	 FUCKIN' LIGHT BULBS! HOW DO THEY WORK!?!
How do pigs gets to hospital	 In a hambulance
How do you spell socks in Spanish	 Eso si que es.
How do pirates know they are pirates	 They think therefore they arrr
How much did Adidas spend in advertising at the World Cup this year	 At least a brazillion dollars...
How did the constipated mathematician solve the problem	 He worked out with a pencil.
How do you stop a small dog from humping your leg	 You pick it up and suck its dick!
How do you say bra in German	 dashud sthapem from flappen
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up	 Shine a flashlight in their ear. 
How do you get 4 girls to sit on one chair	 You flip it upside down.
How do aliens pay for their coffees	 With Starbucks!
how do you get from floor to roof	 smoke an L and look in the mirror
How can you tell when a vampire is sick	 By his coffin!
How do you practice eating out a black woman	 Steel wool and mayonnaise
How do poor people make it rain	 They don't.
How do you get a Harvard graduate off your doorstep	 Tip him for the pizza.
How are a homosexual and a tumbleweed alike	 They keep blowing and blowing until they end up on a fence in Wyoming.
How did the Edward Impersonator annoy /r/jokes	 He feigned ted.
How do you treat Mrs. Potato Head when she has cancer	 Ampu-tater
How do you get someone with downs syndrome out of a tree	 Wave at them.
How many Sore Losers does it take to change a Lightbulb	 Won.
How many birds can play tic-tac-toe	 Toucan
How do fish lose weight	 They Swim-fast.
How do you know your girlfriend is getting too fat	 Because she tried on your wife's pants and they fit.
How many NRA members does it take to change a lightbulb	 More guns.
How do you get rid of an obese demon	 You exercise it.
How do all races end in the desert	 In a cacti!
How do you know Google is a male	 Because it knows everything.
How are baby androids born	 From their mother's computerus.
How does a Reaver clean his spear	 He puts it in the Wash.
How did Eddard Stark get his daily recommended amount of fiber	 Raisin' Bran.
How do you know a soprano is at the door	 They can't find the key and don't know when to come in.
How many Greeks does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One, ......A Greek will screw anything!
How do you keep bacon from curling in the pan	 You take away its tiny brooms.
How does father Christmas get away with suing everyone	 The Santa Clause
How does Liam Neeson like his martini	 Taken, not stirred.
How can you tell if a pilot is in the room	
How do you prevent 9/11	 Make it a Malaysian airlines flight.
How do you calculate the length of rosemary	 Sprigonometry
How did Feminism start	 With an unlocked kitchen door
How many cops does it take to push a black guy down the stairs	 None, he 'fell'.
How do you keep a Redditor in suspense	
How do you catch a WiFi	 With an ethernet!
How did the Santa Lawn Ornament feel the day after Christmas	 He was de-lighted.
How do you make a cat go "meow"	 Take it out of the freezer and run it through a bandsaw.
How do snails get their shells all shiny	 They use snail polish.
How do you expect us to loan you money if you can't prove to us that you don't need it	 -Banks
How do nudists greet each other	 With a bare hug.
How many nuns were at the library	 Absolutely nun
How many Hipster's does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Oh, just some number you've probably never heard of.
How come Peter Pan keeps on flying	 Because he Neverlands
How come nobody tells "Nacho" jokes anymore	 They're too cheesy.
How do Baroque composers tweet	 Through their twitter Handel! ..... I am so sorry
How do you get Jizz off of a Scrabble board	 Don't bother. That shit's worth 29 points.
How does Avis feel to be #2	 It Hertz
How does a person from New Zealand find a sheep in tall grass	 Very satisfying.
How do crazy people make it through a forest	 They take the psycho-path.
How much longer	 Did you bring any snacks? They want $5 for M&M's! I wanna go home Is it over yet? - me watching my kids Christmas pageant
How can you tell if a picture was taken with a GoPro	 because the owner will tell you
How do you start a rave in Africa	 Glue toast to the ceiling
How do blondes' brain cells die	 Alone
How does a blind parachutist know when to pull his rip-chord	 The leash goes slack...
How did the fish's tail get stuck in the anchor chain	 It was just a fluke!
How does a chemist introduce Batman	 Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium Batman!
How do you get out of a Russian prison	 You have Vladmir Putin a word for you.
How do you make your GF cry during sex	 Phone her... ;)
How do you catch a unique bunny	 Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bunny? The tame way.
How did Samuel Morse propose to his wife	 .-- .. .-.. .-.. / -.-- --- ..- / -- .- .-. .-. -.-- / -- . ..--..
How do you tell the difference between a computer scientist and an aspiring music artist	 Ask them what 'unsigned' means.
How are bad dubstep and constipation similar	 Both leave you waiting for the drop.
How do you know a drummer is at your door	 The knock speeds up.
How do you start a black parade	 Roll a 40 down the street.
How does a physicist exercise	 By pumping ion!
How much do drum shaped sofas cost	 5 dollars per-cushion.
How do you start a rave party in Ethiopia	 Glue bread to the ceiling.
How many eggs can you eat while fasting	 Just one, because after eating it you won't be fasting anymore
How can complex numbers be real if i's not real	
How do calculus students feel about undefined slopes in Cartesian planes	 Indifferential.
How JokeExplainBot spent his weekend	 Explaining his wife.
How do you greet a three-headed monster	 Hi, hi, hi.
How do you know if your best friend is gay	 If his dick tastes like shit!
How did the basketball court get wet	 The players dribbled all over it!
How many actors does it take to change a light bulb	 10. 1 to change it and 9 to say they could have done it better.
How many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Should it really be a lightbulb?
How do you troll an archaeologist	 Give him a used tampon and ask which period it's from.
How do you call Anakin Skywalker's padawan after getting tased by enemy	 A shocked Tano.
How do you spell elephant 	 E-l-l-e-e-f-a-n-t "That's not how the dictionary spells it" "You didn't ask me how the dictionary spelt it !"
How can you tell an engineer is an extrovert	 He looks at your shoes when he talks to you.
How many people does it take to change a light bulb	 Is just one of the questions I should have asked before buying a lighthouse....
How do you circumcise a Texan	 Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you make an Octopus laugh	 Give it ten-tickles
How many social justice activists does it take to change a lightbulb	 They can't change anything lol
How do we know cats are communists	 All they ever say is Mao.
How was Jackie Gleason put into his casket	 Crammed in.
How does a mermaid give a man head	 She blows him out of the water
How did I clear papers of Islamic Studies	 Have faith, don't question.
How do you annoy people on Reddit	 [removed]
How many dead babies can you fit in a phone booth	 78.5
How do you get a Baby to Stop crying	 You Beat it with a brick
How do you make two Oboists play in tune with one another	 Shoot one of them.
How did the blonde chip her teeth	 using a vibrator
how do you catch a unique cat	 unique up on it. (im sorry)
How did Mace die in Star Wars	 Through the Windu
How do terrorists like their apple pie	 Allah mode.
How do you know you're not a racist	 Only if you have four black tires and a color TV
How does Hillary Clinton clean her glasses	 By deleting the mainframe.
How do you view lesbian relationships	 1080p
How long does it take King Zora to move out of your way	 A week, a week, a week, a week, a week, a week.
How do black people decide what day to wear airbrushed memorial t-shirts of dead relatives	
How do you approach an angry Welsh cheese	 Caerphilly.
How do you make a cat bark like a dog	 Cover it in lighter fluid and throw a match at it: "WOOF!"
How do you know if a woman is hot for you	 When you stick your hand in her underpants it feels like you're feeding a horse.
How many militant feminists does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to change the bulb and one to suck my dick.
How do you get a Catholic Nun to have sex	 Dress her up like an altar boy
How did you get those horrible burns	 *flashback to me enjoying some hot soup on a rollercoaster* I saved a litter of puppies from a fire.
How do you ask a priest to hand you the spaghetti	 Pasta pasta, pasta.
How well did the sailor do in school	 Not bad actually, he got high 'C's.
How many evolutionists does it take to change a light bulb	 Only one but it takes eight million years.
How to find out who loves you more - your dog or your wife	 Easy. Lock them both in a trunk and watch who will be happier to see you after you open it in 15 minutes.
How do you tell if someone is riding a bicycle for fitness or because they have a DUI	 The cigarette.
How do eels get around the seabed	 They go by octobus.
How do you make a small fortune in aviation	 Start out with a large fortune.
How many Black Lives Matters protesters does it take to change a light bulb	 Don't be silly, Black Lives Matters protesters can't change anything.
How long does it take light to travel from the sun to the earth	 Not nearly as long as it would take to travel around your mom.
How did Bilbo survive the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy	 Because old Hobbits die hard...
How do you know who in the room is a vegetarian	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you confuse a palaeontologist	 Give them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.
How can your make 7 even	 Take away the "S"
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in South Carolina	 Cause if it was invented anywhere else it'd be called a teethbrush.
How does Bob Marley like his sandwiches	 Wi' jam in
How do you tell which potato on the street corner is the prostitute	 It has a sticker on it that says "Idaho."
How high can Miss Piggy count	 68, because at 69 she gets a frog in her throat...
How do you tell off a toilet	 Tell them to eat shit.
How much does a rabbi charge for a circumcision	 Nothing, he just keeps the tips.
How do you get a dozen eggs out of a washing machine in less than a minute	 i'm serious... help.
How many people with Alzheimer's did it take to change a lightbulb	 To get to the other side.
How old do I look	 9yo: 30 Aww, you deserve ice crea- 9yo: Just like grandma -m but too bad you're not getting any
how are high schoolers similar to women	 they're always asking "when will this period be over?"
How do I love thee	 Let me count the ways... Five.
How does a comedian like his eggs	 Funny side up
How many introverts does it take to change a lightbulb	 Why does it have to be a group activity?
How many ladybugs does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
How do black people die from a drive by	 Everytime someone screams "get down! " they stand up and start dancing!
How is the 85 year old Contractor that survived lung cancer doing	 Asbestos he can. I'm so sorry.
How is a man like a snowstorm	 You never know when he's coming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will last.
How do you call the guy who immigrates to Saudi Arabia	 Wannabee Wahhabi.
How do you get your girlfriend to stop giving you blowjobs	 You marry her.
How does a seamstress reply to someone asking her how her day was	 So,so.....
How do you sell a chicken to a deaf man	 (pause....) WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN??!! (SHOUTING)
How can there be self-help 'groups'	
How do you circumcise a West Virginian man	 Punch his sister in the throat.
How do you sort out Ant and Dec	 Squash one and deal with the other later.
How you compliment an Italian cheese maker	 "Gouda worka"
How do you pronounce "nihilism	" It doesn't matter
How many lawyers does it take to grease a  combine	 Only one if you run him through slowly!
How do Hawaiians subtly enjoy a bad joke	 with a low "ha"
How do you make an apple turnover	 Push it down hill.
How do you turn a little boy into a little girl	 With a small loan of a million dollars.
How many nurses does it take to change a light bulb	 None they just have a nursing assistant do it. As much as the doctor orders.
How does a carpenter effectively build stairs	 He thinks one step ahead
How much did the Olympic Games cost	 About a Brazillion dollars.
How do you LOL in N. Korea	 ROR! No one raugh in North Korea!
How do stick men play fetch with their dog	
How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall	 Depends on how hard you throw them
How many south americans does it take to change a light bulb	 A Brazilian.
How do you know if your cat has eaten a duckling 	 She's got that down in the mouth look !
How do dogs order eggs at restaurants	 Pooched.
How do you put an elephant in a Safeway bag	 Take the "s" out of Safe and the "f" out of way.
How do you know if your girlfriend is ticklish	 You give her a test-tickle.
How rare was the disease that killed Tom Jones' wife	 It's not unusual
How did Tiger Woods get the name Tiger	 His mom is Thai and his dad is.......
How do you say "bra" in german	 CUZITHODZITFOMFOPIN.
How to piss off the JokeExplainBot	
How's it hanging	 directly below the point of suspension
How is a chronic disease unlike the 9th Doctor, but like the 10th Doctor	 It sticks around for more than 1 Season, and doesn't want to go.
How come when a child shouts "This is dumb" at a wedding it's considered cute, but when I do it, I'm immediately replaced by another priest	
How are Michael Jackson and Starfish Tuna similar	 They both come in little cans.
How do you test for pregnancy in Harlem	 See if the tampon's cotton was picked.
How did Helen Keller burn her face	 She answered the waffle iron. How did she burn the other side? They called back.
How does a frog fasten two objects together	 Rivets.
How do you prove triangles congruent with attitude	 Do it with SAS.
How many catholics does it take to change a lightbulb	 CHANGE?!
How many of you are household pets reading tweets while your owners nap	
How many ants does it takes to fill an apartment	 Ten-ants
How do you divide old Rome	 Using a pair of Caesars.
How amazing is Michael Phelps	 He's got like a Brazilian Medals.
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.	 Two. One to screw it in and the other to take credit for it.
How many r/jokes redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	 Answer is 2. One to change the lightbulb while the other screams "REPOST"
How many meateaters does it take to change a lightbulb	 None, they would rather stay in the dark
How do you find Ronald McDonald in a room full of naked clowns	 The Sesame Seeds on his buns. (According to my father this is the first joke I ever told, around 5yo.)
How do you make a sports science major cry	 Remind them that high school is over.
How did the feminist die	 Alone
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 One.
How does Robin hood send messages around  Sherwood Forest	 By tree mail!
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a light bulb	 2...and don't ask me how they got in there. (My 87 year old grandma just told me this one)
How can you tell the difference between normal and self-raising flour	 One has parents
How did the Royal Navy attract so many recruits	 They were impressive!
How many pepes does it take to change a lightbulb	 One.
How come Noah didn't just slap those two mosquitoes	
How does the mummy plan to destroy Superman	 He's going to lure him into the crypt tonight.
How does Harry Potter do web design	 Inspecto Elemento
How do you brainwash a liberal	 Give him an enema
How do pianists remember which groceries to buy	 They use a Chopin Liszt!
How are you going to celebrate 9-11	 I go to the tallest tower in my city. Call up a pizza place and order two large planes.
How do rabbis make money off of circumcisions	 They get to keep the tips.
How do mathematicians deal with constipation	 They work it out with a pencil.
How is a Silver Medal and a Priest the same	 They both came in a little behind.
How do you know Putin is late for Thanks Giving	 He's Russian to Turkey.
How do black people make fruit salad	 They mix watermelon and grape soda. (On a side note, I'm not racist. I just think black people and racist jokes are funny.)
How was the hamburger murdered	 First it was 'rolled' then smothered in onions
How does Darts Vader eat spaghetti	 With the force and knife.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense for 24 hours	 I'll tell you the answer tomorrow.
How do you get a date on Tinder	 Seriously guys, I've been trying for months so if anyone have any useful tips it would be much appreciated.
how do you tell a joke without a punchline	
How do you make a rabbit stew	 Keep it waiting.
How come NASCAR drivers don't get along with each other	 Because they're racists. (Race-ists)
How come the Welsh can't keep track of how many they've had sex with with	 Well, they start counting, but they fall asleep before they're finished.
How did the prostitute get promoted	 She slept her way to the top!
How can you tell if something is clickbait	
How did the Roman cut his hair	 Caesar
How do you know you're drinking too many protein shakes	 You've had whey too much!
How do you measure a Lego minifigure's shoe size	 In square feet.
How many Hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	 Some obscure number... you've probably never heard of it.....
How to convert QT3.14 into GF format	 Sorry, this option is not available in Beta version.
How did Helen Keller break her hands	 Reading road signs at 30 MPH
How Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex	 Threesome.
How many Persona fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 Two. 1 to screw it in, and 1 to complain that it's not dark enough.
How many blondes does it take to change a light bulb	 They don't change it, they just take forever to find where to fit the batteries
How do al-Qaeda like their toast	 Bean-laden
How to spot a blind guy in a nudist colony	 It ain't hard.
How can you tell you are in a math teacher's garden	 All the trees have square roots.
How did the hipster burn his tounge	 He bit into his flat bread before it was cool!
How do you get people to pirate an album	 Release it on TIDAL
How do you keep a clown from laughing	 Hit him in the face with an axe.
How can you spell too much with two letters	 XS (excess).
How many French words has the Turkish language recently adopted	 Beaucoup.
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for Christmas	 He felt his presents.
How did the turtle call his friends	 ...on his shellphone
How is there not an STD Clinic called, "Clap on Clap off"	
How do you get a woman to stop texting you	 Reply to her message within a minute
How does the alchemist please his wife	 Elixir!!!!!
How to go indigenous.... http://m.youtube.com/watch	v=b1jklUhG1y8
How are Joeffrey Baratheon and wheat related	 They're both in-bread.
How attractive are skeletons	 They're drop dead gorgeous!
How do you weight a fish	 With a scale.
How does a coffee maker know it might be pregnant	 It's period is a little LATTE.
How do dragons in Antarctica stay warm	 They always have several lairs.
How heavy is a photon	 I don't know, but it's probably light-weight
How does a white lady fix a flat tire	 She buys a new car.
How can you tell if a post on r/Jokes is unoriginal	 It makes the front page.
How many musos does it take to change a lightbulb	 It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
How Many A Cappella Singers Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb	 Twelve. Three to Physically Change the Bulb, Three to Talk About How Complicated it Was and Six to Call themselves Electricians.
How did the farmer feel after he ripped his clothing	 Let's just say he felt overall sadness.
How do you break up an Arab Bingo game	 Yell B-52.
How could the dolphin afford to buy a  house 	 He prawned everything !
How do you blow up an Indian 	 Press the red button on their forehead.
How do you make a pole angry	 Deport him.
How do you trigger a feminist	 You've got male.
How do you tell jokes	 Repost :(
How did the astrologer cross the road	 In his Taurus!
How did Lex Luthor hide his money laundering from superman	 He used a krypton-currency.
How many boring guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One
How do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts	 Puppymonkeybaby
How do you put a baby into a small bowl	 Put it in the blender first How do you get it out? Tortilla chips
How did Harry Potter get down the hill...	 Walking... Jk Rowling.
How does a woman know she's sleeping with a forklift driver	 He beeps twice before coming through the flaps.
How do you know when a vampire is sick	 He starts coffin...
How do gold diggers get you to be with them	 They use their booby traps
How does an elephant hide in the jungle	 It paints its balls red and climbs up a cherry tree. What's the loudest noise in the jungle? A giraffe eating cherries.
How can you tell when someone does crossfit	 Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you make the king leer	 Put the queen in a bikini! (From krusty the klown)
How many plates do you need to draw a picture	 Tenplates
How do you become a millionaire in post-Brexit UK	 First, start off with a billion pounds..
How many chains does it take to enslave a black person in the twenty-first century	 Two Chainz.
How can you tell the difference between the real Jesus and a picture of him	 The picture doesn't scream when you hang it.
How can you get a million dollars in a week	 Start with 10 million and become a day-trader.
How is a Mac like a Queen's guard	 They're both run by Unix.
How can you tell if you are looking at a police glow-worm	 He has a flashing light.
How does Mario talk to the dead	 With a luigi board. Made this joke up about 10 years ago while trying to think of terrible laffy taffy jokes.
How would I describe myself in three words	 Eats anything. Beyonce.
How do you know if someone truly loves fast food	 It has a special place in their hearts
How is a rabbit like a plum	 They're both purple except for the rabbit.
How do you find a girl with no legs	 Follow the slime trail.
How can you tell that a politician lies	 His lips are moving
How does Super Mario contact his dead brother	 Using a Luigi board!
How do windmills feel about renewable energy	 They're pretty big fans
How the fight started Wife : Going for a walk, do you want anything	 Me : How about a newspaper. Wife : OK, which one? Me : Today's.
How do you stop black kids from jumping on the bed	 Put velcro on the ceiling.
How to make a hormone	 Don't pay her
How many tickles does it take to make an octupus laugh	 Ten tickles.
How many feminists does it takes to change a lightbulb	 One. ###And it's NOT funny!!!
How did we even waste time before Twitter	
How did jesus get so fit	 He did lots of cross fit
how do you confuse a masterbator	 32
How do you call it when you get a eMail from a Women	 FeMail.
How do you make people lose faith in this sub	 This.
How many people does it take to make a joke on /r/Jokes	 Three. One to post it, one to make a better punchline in the comments, and one to repost it the next day.
How can you tell a Minnesota hockey fan	  Ask him what color the blue line is and wait. It may take him ten  minutes to answer.
How many people of a certain ethnicity does it take to change a lightbulb	 10, one to change the lightbulb; the other nine to act in a manner stereo-typically associated with said ethnicity.
How do you make a song better using cement	 By remixing it.
How can a girl make you a millionnaire	 If you're already a billionnaire.
How does it feel to crash a rental car	 It Hertz.
How do you encourage a bartender	 "That's the spirit!" How do you discourage a bartender? Boos.
How many bees do you need in a bee choir 	 A humdred !
How can you tell the difference between a  monster and a banana	 Try picking it up. If you can't it's either a monster or a giant banana.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb	 None! The room's been dark ever since Jose got deported!
How do you spell a hated opponent with three letters	 NME (enemy).
How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck if a Woodchuck Could Chuck Norris	 *All of it.* *All of the wood.*
How is Daniel Craig a policeman	 He is in Spectre (Inspector)
How come we never see hideous fish men around any more	 Dagon.
How many dead memes does it take to change a lightbulb	 Twenty-one.
How do you answer the door Mathematically	 Door: "What is 2+2?" Me: "4" Door: "Cool!"
How come they can send a lifeless, unfeeling robot to Mars, but that lifeless, unfeeling robot can't be @AnnCoulter	
How do blind people know where to find Braille signs on walls and doors	 They just have a feel for that kind of thing.
How do you make a napkin dance	 You put a little boogie in it.
How warm is the inside of a tauntaun	 Luke warm
How can you tell if your roommate is gay	 His dick tastes like shit.
How many SRSers does it take to change a lightbulb	 None. They wait for the electrician to make a mistake and yell at them for doing it wrong.
How do you hold your liqour	 I hold mine by the ears.
How did the hipster burn his fingertips	 He was changing the lightbulb before it was cool. [rimshot]
How do landscapers keep their seams from ripping	 Well let me tell you; They don't beat around the bush! They nip it in the bud and use Hem-Lock!
How many kids do you think Wolverine has	 Because a vasectomy would heal in seconds and he doesn't look like he'd wear a rubber or pull out.
how did mario find a ghost	 He used a luigi board.
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None, it's already lit hahaha asuhhhh dude
How do you tell if you're a real gangster	 Take a blud test [OC]
how do you starve a black person	 the same way you would a white person.... you racist.
How about an app that keeps track of every working automatic paper towel dispenser in the world	 All seven or eight of them.
How did the possessed lady lose weight	 Diet and exorcise.
How do you spell 'way' with an 'f'	 There's no 'f' in way
How do you stop a lawyer from drownng	 Shoot him before he hits the ground
How do Emo kids reward themselves	 Gold Scars. I'll see myself out.
How did cancer order it's fries	 Metastasized.
How many Soviets does it take to change a light bulb	 None! In Soviet Russia, light bulb changes you!
How can you tell Oriental Dynasties are obese	 Because they have hundreds of Qins
How do Australians breathe	 They exhale
How did the hour and minute hands of the clock get cancer	 Second hand smoking! My own joke that I've been meaning to put up for a while. Time to see how it goes haha.
How can you tell if a lesbian is butch	 She kick starts her vibrator and rolls her own tampons :D
How are a sword maker and the Fresh Prince of Bel Air alike	 They're both black smiths
How long do black women need to bring the garbage out	 About 9 month.
How do canibals eat victims with Parkinson's disease	 Shake n bake
How do you get a pool player off your porch	 Pay him for the pizza.
How do you cut the sea in half	 With a seesaw (I'll see myself out)
How do you call a lesbian, black, Canadian woman	 With a phone.
How many penises it takes to satisfy president Obama	 One, his own.
How do you get the GOP to support universal healthcare	 Make it for *White* people only.
How do stones stop moths eating your clothes 	 Because rolling stones gather no moths !
How difficult is it to live with erectile dysfunction	 It turns out, it's not very hard at all
How do you know a guitarist is sad	 They start to fret.
How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive	 Give them a test-tickle
How did the shattering glass get everyone's attention	 "Let me be loud and clear!"
How did Ellen Pao get her job as CEO or Reddit	 [Deleted]
How did Stevie Wonder respond when asked how he coped with being blind	 At least I'm not black.
How did Jared lose 40lbs	 He dumped his girlfriend.
How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/AskScience question	 [removed]
How do New Zealander's find sheep in long grass	 Delightful
How do footballers send messages	 By referee-mail.
How do you get four old ladies to shout "Fuck"	 Get the fifth one to yell, "Bingo!"
How many tweakers does it take to change a lightbulb	 Who wants to know?
How can you tell when a white guy is about to tell a joke	 He glances over his shoulder.
How do you keep a slow person in suspense	
How much does a Hipster weigh	 An Instagram.
How many members of a particular ethnic minority does it take to change a lightbulb	 A: Enough to reinforce my negative stereotype about them.
How many biologists does it take to change a light bulb	 Four. One to change it and three to write the environmental-impact statement.
How do we know that the toothbrush was invented in Mississippi	 Because anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
How to have an unforgettable date	 1. Have a date. 2. Try not to forget it.
How many seconds are in a year	 Only 12. One for every month.
How much do you want to bet that the inventor of the Lazy Susan has an ex-wife named Susan	
How do you make a fire with two sticks	 You make sure one is a match !
How did I avoid getting hit by a Wfay	 I got the f out of the way.
How do you get two elephants into a refrigerator	 You put the female in first, and the male will walk in and close the door. (As told by my Materials Science professor)
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light-bulb	 to get to the other side...
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is	 They don't but all eggs always fit.
How to pass a very difficult exam	 Change your name to time, time always passes no matter what
How did the chewing gum cross the road	 By sticking to the chicken's foot.
How do you make a blonde laugh at Easter	 Tell her a joke at Christmas
How do you pick up a jew	 With a dustpan of course!
How do you make hard cider	 Put it in the freezer.
How can you tell when Mitt Romney is lying	 His mouth is moving.
How many Mormons does it take to drink a 12 pack of beer	 One if nobody is watching.
How does a baby Wookie get around	 Ewoks
How do you make a salad wrap	 By adding some beets
How do telepaths have an orgasm	 They get their mind blown.
How do you call blue cow	 Freak..
How do you tell a domesticated cat from a wild one	 The domesticated doesnt have balls
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snowplow	 Give her a shovel
How do rednecks celebrate Halloween	 Pump Kin
How often do scientists check the element table	 Periodically...
How does Steve Irwin open a lock made of tears	 With a "Cry-key!"
How do you fix a broken pumpkin	 With a pumpkin patch!
How do you insult a Catholic	 Any way you like, they have to forgive you!
How do you annoy a computer person with a problem	 Never mind, I figured it out.
how do you make 7 even	 remove the "s"
How does a poor man watch TV	 with binoculars. u know, he has to watch whatever the neighbours are watching.
How many disappointments can you fit into a van	 I don't know, I can't get them outside of the house.
How many US Congress members does it take to change a lightbulb	 Only one. They just hold it still and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How did Harry Potter make it to the bottom of the hill	 By walking... jk rolling
How do Etheopians celebrate their first birthday	 By putting flowers on the grave
How many Polacks does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 5, one to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the ladder.
How do Polish dogs get bumps on their heads	 Chasing parked cars.
How did the farmer grow his portfolio	 Cornstock
How is a man like the weather	 Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
How do you get a Kansas alumni off your porch	 pay him for the pizza.
how do you start a rave in Ethiopia	 you put a piece of bread on the ceiling
How are girlfriend like cults	 You have to prove your devotion before you're welcomed into the folds.
How would you describe Al Gore playing the drums	 Algorithm.
How do you know if you cat's got a bad cold 	 He has cat-arrh !
How do yo get to Sesame Street	 Unzip my pants and ask big bird
How do assassins pay for stuff on the internet	 hitcoin
How do you make the best Harlem Shake video	 You throw a flashbang into a room of epileptic children.
how would u like your steak sir	 we've got rare, ultra rare, legendary, fossil, or u can try and catch your own steak in the safari zone
How does the rabbi make his tea	 He-brews it
How do we know God's not a woman	 We're not sandwiches.
how do you circumcise a hillbilly	 you kick his sister in the jaw. yee haw!!
How do you catch a one of a kind bird	 Unique up on it. Welcome to kindergarten.
How many black people does it take to shingle a roof	? One....but you gotta slice him reeeeeaaaalllllll thinnnnnnnnnnnnn.....
How many vegans does it take to change a light bulb	 Two. One to get up on his high horse and another to chastise the first about oppressing horses.
How did alien defeat predator	 "Hi, why don't you have a seat right over there please.."
How does a duck swim from one side of the pond to the other	 Very Quackly
How do you know that a dog is a man's best friend	 Take your girl and your dog, and lock them in the back of a car, return in 5 hours, which one do you think will be happy to see you?
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb	 Obviously not 8, because its still dark in my basement.
How do you tell the difference between a male chromosome and a female chromosome	 You pull down their genes!
How do you confuse a polish laborer	 Lay down three shovels and tell him to take his pick.
How to propose a boy	
How do you cheer up a brand new battery	 Remind him that he's full of untapped potential!
How much poutine was left after the hockey game	 Nunavet
How to make your wife take care while driving	 Tell her that if she meets with a serious accident, the newspaper will have to print her age.
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 3/5
How do make a gay guy fuck a woman	 How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman? - Shit in her cunt.
How do blind people know they're finished wiping after a bowel movement	 They taste blood on the TP.
How can you tell if your dog is gay	 If he's sucking another dogs dick in the back of a gay dog night club.
How does Frodo make his own food	 Through Frodosynthesis
How do Jamaicans pronounce bacon	 The same way British people pronounce beer can.
How do you know that Hindu woman is into you	 Her diode starts flashing green.
How do you make your wife a dildo	 Stick her fingers up your butt.
How did realism get me banned from Facebook	 I sided with cancer on the "Kids VS Cancer" page.
How accurate is the bible	 Very!! Especially when thrown from a short distance...hits the target almost always.
How did the dog get into the locked cemetery at night	 He used a skeleton key.
How many monastic women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 None... they live an ascetic lifestyle and prefer to not use electricity.
How do you leave a bunch of idiots in suspense	 I'll tell you guys tomorrow
How do you circumscize a redneck	 By kicking his sister's jaw.
How did the jury find the hamburger	 Grill-ty as charred!
How to tell if someone has Rhotacism	 Ask them to pronounce it.
How can you make a basset hound fast	 Take away its food!
How do you know if your neighbor voted for Trump	 They've got a big burning "t" in their yard.
How'd the hipster burn his tongue	 He drank coffee before it was cool.
How do you say "constipated" in German	 Farfrompoopin'
How do you feel about euthanasia	 I think we can exploit them by increasing our amount of sweatshops.
How did the Idiot break his arm while raking leaves	 He fell out of the tree.
How do you shoot a great white shark	  Hold his nose until he turns blue and then you shoot him with a blue  shark spear gun!
How do you get an anorexic chick in bed	 Well, it ain't a piece of cake.
How do you weigh a Hipster	 In instagrams
How do you get elected president of my pants	 By the vote of the Erectional College...
How is an undergraduate degree like a pedophile	 A minor makes both of them hard
How many developers does it take to change a light bulb	 None. That's a hardware problem.
How do you keep idiots in suspense	......
How do you feel if subjected to temperatures of absolute zero	 0K
How does one refer to intentionally harming the national bird of the U.S	 It's an ill-eagle activity
How do you get Peekachu on a bus	 You Pokemon
How do you figure out if Will Smith committed a crime	 Dust for Fresh Prints! (i this version better than any snowstorm b.s.)
How many men does it take to change a light bulb	 Not all of them.
How much equations does it take to finish a math test	 Only Sum
How does a man show he's planning for the future	 He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
How's your Mom's cherry pie taste	 Meh.. It's Oedipal
How does Albus get into Hogwarts	 Through the Dumble-door
How much does the average introvert weigh	 Not enough to break the ice.
How did the greeks separate the men from the boys	 With a crowbar.
How many moles are in a guacamole	 Avacado's number.
How do you confuse an irishman	 Lean 3 shovels against the wall and tell him to take his pick.
How did the florist act after getting her dream job	 Got so excited she wet her plants.
How Did the Janitor Get Rich	 Sweepstakes.
How do you react when looking in the mirror	 You cry because you shoved a cactus up your peckar.
How many conspiracy theorists does it take to change a light bulb	 Nobody knows. Except me.
How does Jaden Smith keep getting roles in big movies	 Where there's a Will, there's a way.
How about a really bad food court where planes land	  Pitch for every airport
How Does a Racist Joke Start	 With a small million dollar loan from his father.
How does a vampire clean his house	 With a victim cleaner.
How do you give a lemon an orgasm	 You tickle its citrus. (all credit to the movie *The Descent*)
How is Ellen Pao so good at driving Reddit into the ground	 I thought Asian women couldn't drive &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
How many Italians can you fit in a bathtub	 Don'tworryaboutit.
How many virgins does take to change a lightbulb	 Obviously more than 72, or all those suicide bomber would have seen the light.
How do you know if someone's a pilot	 because they'll fucking tell you.
How does the Easter Bunny keep his ears standing straight up	 He uses Hare Spray... (Ill see myself out)
How should justice be brought about on criminal semites	 By judge and jew-ry.
How do we get rid of Ebola	 Put all the infected on a Malaysian Airplane
How did LaKeisha's Mom finally stop her from bouncing on the trampoline in the rec room	 She put a piece of velcro on the ceiling.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	 2, but they have to be very small.
How do salespeople traditionally greet each other	 "Hi. Nice to meet you. I'm better than you."
How'd you get a black eye	 Walked into a door. [Later, another shiner] More doors? *nods* One does not simply walk into more doors.
How would you describe the typical Inuit mathematician	 Cold and calculating.
How does Jerry Seinfeld play ice hockey	 With his Shtick.
How does a one armed man row a boat	 In a circle.
How much longer until we can get pets that are also wifi hotspots	
How are black people similar to tornadoes	 They both only take one to ruin a neighborhood.
How do you make an orange turn red	 Get John Boehner to cry.
How would you rate USA and Saudi Arabia's relationship	 9/11
How do you know that your girlfriend has been cheating on you with a black guy	 When she takes the tampon out and all of the cotton's gone
How does Bono spell "color"	 With or without "u"
How do you turn soup to gold	 Add 24 carrots
How do you find Calvin Broadus Jr's darkest secrets	 You Snoop, Dogg.
How many ska kids does it take to change a light bulb	 Three; one to drop the bulb and two to yell "pick it up pick it up!"
How much business does an Amish prostitute get	 Ten Mennonite
how do you make a tissue dance	 Put a little boogy in it.
How do you tell the difference between a Fabric Designer and a Science Professor	 Ask them to pronounce "LATEX"
How can you tell when your drowning in milk	 When it gets pasteurise.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nude beach	 Its not that hard
How many illegals will it take to build Trump's wall	 Too many to document.
How do you draw a scatter plot	 You give the pen to michel j fox
How do you know when you should get a puppy	 When life's getting a little ruff ...I'll see myself out
How do you turn a robot on	 You push his power button.
How do know if the person that you have just met is a DJ	 They will tell you.
How did the Scarecrow win the award	 He was outstanding in is field.
How much dessert does a dieting Jedi eat at an Italian restaurant	 Only one cannoli.
How will an IT guy fix a lamp	 He'll restart the nuclear power plant
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	 Roll up her sleeve.
How much do cosmetics sell for	 Face value.
How do you convince America to join a war	 Tell them its almost over
how did the female half of the interracial couple open up the discussion about her swinging fantasy	 Cracker wanna poly?
How did Isis move from 5th wanted terrorist group to the most wanted terrorist group	 They cut a head
How do I make my penis 12 inches long	 By folding it in half.
How many SJWs does it take to screw in a light bulb	 One. They hold it in place and expect the world to revolve around them.
How come know-it-alls don't know how annoying they are	
How does a rock star feel when he nails a groupie	 Fan-fucking-tastic!
How many Man U. fans does it take to change a lightbulb	 One to change the lightbulb and one to drive down to Kent to pick him/her up.
How do you use calculus in real life	 You integrate it
How do you keep an idiot busy for hours	 [Click here to find out the answer.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2b57xv/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_busy_for_hours/)
How many more spills do you think parents in paper towel commercials can take before they just push one of those kids down the stairs	
How many wife's does a catholic priest allowed to have	 Nun
How did the programmer celebrate his birthday	 var celebration = ["Hip", "Hip"];
How does Twitch (Streaming Site) Chat make money	 Kappatalism!
How many X does it take to lightbulb	 Karma?
How many Jihadists does it take to change a light bulb	 Allah them. (I googled several varations and thus far I believe I am the originator)
How to you call midget intercourse 	 Microtransaction
How do depressed people lighten' up	 They drink bleach.
How did Mary fall off the swing	 She had no arms
How do French girls hold their liquor	 By the ears
How do you get a baby into a shoebox	 A. With a blender. Q. How do you get a baby out of a shoebox? A. With a straw.
How did Bill and Hillary Clinton first meet	 They were both dating the same girl in high school.
How did you find the weather at camp	 It was easy. I just went outside - and there it was!
How do you make a plumber sad	 You tell him that the princess is in another castle.
How do you describe people who tell "I see dead people" jokes	 They have a sixth sense of humor
How does a psychiatrist like his sausages	 Freud
How do you get a hippie to jump off a cliff	 Tell them it will "cleanse toxins."
How do hobbit flowers grow	 Through Frodo-synthesis.
How do u find an old man in the dark	 Its not that hard
How do you know a white person is about to tell a joke	 He's looking over his shoulder
How can you tell you are dealing with an extroverted engineer	 He's staring at somebody else's shoes.
How do you know when there's a rabbit in your  bed	 You can smell the carrots on his breath.
How many non-compliant Germans does it take to change a light bulb	 Nein!
How did they name Canada	 They picked letters out of a hat: C eh, N eh, D eh.
How do memes go to the proms	 In a lmaosine
How many wiseguys does it take to change a lightbulb	 Who's asking?
How do black people get tans at the beach	 They lay down on their backs and put their legs and arms toward the sky.
How do you study for a prostate exam	 By cramming.
How did the blind man pass the eye exam	 He just kept walking
How do women defy the laws of physics	 The heavier they are, the easier to pick up!
How do you greet a racist murderer	 Good morning officer .
How are children like eggs	 They both taste better after you beat them.
How do you say "I'm sorry I got you pregnant, but my plane leaves in an hour. I might visit the baby one day." in Korean	
How did people know Patrick Stewart was crying	 Because he bawled.
How many feminists do you need to replace a lightbulb	 Only 1, she'll hold the bulb in place and wait while the world revolves around her.
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges	
How do you confuse a fish	 You put it in a bowl and tell it go to a corner!
How did the Neanderthal dad teach his son how to wear underwear	 Color coded: "Yellow in front, brown in the back"
How did the phone propose to his girlfriend	 He gave her a ring.
How many..... How many alzheimers patients does it take to change a light bulb	 To get to the other side
How many dead hookers do you need to replace a lightbulb	 Atleast not three since my basement is still dark.
How do you get rid of a Reddit admin	 Chooter
How did the elephant get out of the river	 Wet
How do you get a witch pregnant	 Ya fuck her.
How do you tell the difference between a physicist and a plumber	 Ask them to say the word 'unionized'.
How did the explorer react when the which doctor turned him into a miniature ballsack	 He was a little testie! Bump dump pshhh!
How do you know a black guy's been at your computer	 It's not there.
