How do you spell Canda	C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
How did the blonde die raking leaves	She fell out of the tree.
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool	Flip it over!
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's	It smells like teen spirit.
How do they calculate global warming	Al-gore-ythms
How do you hide an elephant in a fridge	You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
How does a baboon make phone calls	He just monkeys around on the line!
How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.
How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress	They have a lot of patients
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	It's not hard
How is light beer like having sex in a canoe	They're both fucking close to water.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten-tickles. I'll see myself out.
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb	None, because they'll just beat the room for being black!
How do you figure out which contestant in a Ms. America pageant is a prostitute	Look for the one with the sash that says ""I da ho"".
How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles	Nail its other hand to the floor.
Q: How many Kings of Spain does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Juan
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb	TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
how many people does it take to save the world	zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)
How do skeletons reproduce	They bone.
How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil	A Brazillion!!! http://imgur.com/c4CJjUd
How do you make an Amish woman happy	Three Men-A-Night
How many people with dementia does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side.
How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How to get a job... Interviewer: ""What's your biggest weakness	Interviewee: ""I never learn from my mistakes"" Interviewer: ""Oh, why's that?"" Interviewee: ""I never make any
How does an Australian clean is bum	Bidet, mate.
How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry	It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you make Helen Keller cry	Turn the stool upside-down
How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach	It's not hard
How to get a Jewish girl's number	Roll up her sleeve...
How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter	A Brazilian
How do you disappoint a Redditor	[removed]
How do you double the price of a Fiat	Fill the tank
Q: How many Honor Guards does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: 22 one to screw it in 21 to shoot the bulb.
How do two lawyers greet each other	With a firm handshake.
How do you know you sister is on her period	Dad's cock tastes like blood.
How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee	Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you.
How can you tell Russians are bad at driving stick	cause their cars are always Stalin
How many Jews does it take to change Hitler's mind	None, there has to be no Jews.
How many McDonald's counter girls does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change it and one to put some chips with it.
How many cats does it take for a woman to qualify as a ""crazy cat lady	None. Just a couple of youtube cat videos.
How do you know when a mongol is level	He's drooling from both corners of his mouth.
How are babies different from feminists	Babies grow up and stop crying.
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How much does a corpse weigh	A skele-ton
How does the moon cut his hair	'Eclipse it Thought it was relevant to today's eclipse...
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up behind it
How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are	They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
How do you make Holy water	Boil the hell out of it.
How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly	The meth head still has teeth.
How does Darth Vader like his toast	On the dark side.
Q: How do spies send secret messages in a forest	A: By moss code.
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to change the lightbulb and another to hold the penis. ... ... ... Er... I mean... The ladder.
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	? A Brazilian
How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb	One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, no light bulb dare go out in the presence of Chuck Norris.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Whatever.
How do mathematicians count x-men	Permutations.
How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb	One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How did the sad clown smile and laugh again	They told him his wife died recently.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten-tickles
How do you know if an Italian person is mute	When you see he has no hands.
How do you make a horomone	You don't pay her. (My mom is sick. Hilarious. But sick. )
How do like really laid-back types answer the phone	Mellow.
How do you start a teddy bear race	Ready teddy go !
How much pussy does a Monk get	Nun
How do you make a plumber cry	Kill his entire family
How did the man find out his sister was actually his half-sister	He saw her penis
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	They don't, they just shoot the room for being black. I guess you could say that was dark humor? ;)
How does Peter Pan fly	If someone hit you in the Peter with a Pan, you'd fly too.
How do you make rape funny	You force it
How do you drown a polar bear	Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
How does Satan measure his mass	In pentagrams.
How are tornadoes and marriage alike	They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
How can you tell when you are talking to an extroverted engineer	They look at your feet instead of theirs.
How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar	If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.
How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb	None, they've invented torches.
How does a police officer go to the bathroom	Ctrl+C
How do rhinos like their eggs	Poached.
How do Filipinos count money	One-a two-a three-a four-a another-a ...
Q: How many Stuntmen does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Five. One to screw it in and four to tell him how bitchin' he looked doing it.
How do you troll someone	Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.
How do you comfort a grammar nazi	Pat him or her on the back and say, ""Their, they're...
How do sheep greet each other at Christmas	A merry Christmas to ewe
How many fat people does it take to get a subreddit banned	[This post has been banned for your protected - Ellen Pao] ^^^NINJAEDIT: ^^^Just ^^^one
How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children	You put a guitar in his hands.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get their ears pierced	A Buccaneer.
How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia	It's in bread
How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb	Giraffe.
How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich	Two.
How do you call a beautiful feminist	An oxymoron
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus	At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
How long does it take an Ethiopian Women to take a shit	9 Months.
How do you make a space party	-You PLANet
How do you get a hippie chick pregnant	Cum on her shoes and let the flies do the rest
How do you know that toothpaste was invented in Arkansas	Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called teethpaste.
How do you blindfold an Asian person	You put floss over his eyes.
How to break up with someone: You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: Which one	You: ME. You: BYEEEE
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate	Through sine language.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb...	...to get to the other side
How to avoid clickbait	clearly, you wouldn't know...
How do you break up with a farmer long-distance	A John Deere letter.
How do they practice safe sex in Wyoming	They mark the sheep that kick.
How do you know someone is a Bernie Sanders supporter	Don't worry, he'll fucking tell you.
How do you think bus driver interviews go	Applicant: Sorry I'm late! Interviewer: You're hired!
How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision	Nothing. He just keeps the tips.
How many dead baby's does it take to paint a wall	_
How do you know you're golfing with a politician	When they get a hole-in-one they write down *zero* on the scorecard.
How do you know if you're a necrophiliac	You get mourning wood.
How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.
How do you know you've been making too many jokes	When the wordplay becomes wordwork.
How do you get into a Native American restaurant	[OC] You make a reservation
How are wearing Crocs like having butt sex with a guy	It feels really good until you look down and realize you're gay.
How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb	No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark.
How do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot.
How did the shrimp eat all the fish food	shellfishly
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they'll just compliment it and then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count	If she has to chew before she swallows.
How many blind people does it take to change a light bulb	None if nobody's looking.
How many women does it take to play tennis	You can't play tennis in the kitchen
How do dogs own cats	bitches have pussies
How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source	They chia'd.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house	A right a right a right
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer	There's whiteout on the screen.
How do heavy metal bands surf the web	On the Din-ternet.
How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn	A buck an ear
How does the moon get a haircut	Eclipse it
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	1..... Because they are very efficient, but not very funny. Courtesy of my brother /u/twinhawk
How do you test a pirate for crabs	Swab the deck!
How can you tell that God is a man, and not a woman	If God were a woman, she would have made semen taste like chocolate!
How does a chef get to work	He woks.
How do you fit 4 gay guys on one chair	Turn it upside down
How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire	Dago wop wop wop
How does a penman make his living	He charges a calligra-fee of course!
How many Will Ferrell's does it take to change a light bulb	One, AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!
How many gnomes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just the two, really. Or as many as will fit, if theyre feeling frisky.
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it.
How Do U Kill A Retard	Give him a knife and say ""who's special?
How do you insult a hamburger patty	Call it a meatball!
How come oysters never donate to charity	They are all shellfish.
How do they practice safe sex in Scotland	They brand the sheep that kick.
How are ISIS like Little Miss Muffet	Because they've got Kurds in their way.
How many dead whores does it take to change a light bulb	More than three, I still can't reach it.
How do you save a drowning mouse	Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
How do you determine the sex of a chromosome	Pull down its genes
How is circumcision like the Great Jedi Purge	They both get rid of the force kin!
How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid	Mini-mom wage.
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear	How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell ""F*ck""? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell ""BINGO
How do you get to the front page of reddit	Lack of originality
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Four. One to screw in the light bulb and three to talk about how Neil Peart could've done it better.
How does procrastination start	I'll tell you tomorrow.
How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal	handsfree
How does the executioner like his coffee	Decap
How many times can look at the sun with a telescope	You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!
How Do You Get an Elephant Out of the Fairway	You take the F out of Fair and the F out of Way
How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb	None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet
How can you tell if a black guy is well hung	You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.
How do you reheat a cold war	You nuke it.
How did a sexy but unqualified Japanese woman get voted into public office	Erections
How can you tell if a groom is Polish	He would be the one with the clean bowling shirt.
How can you tell if someone is having a stroke	There is lotion and used tissues laying around
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side!
How many hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb	I don't know, but my basement's still dark
How do you turn regular water into holy water	You boil the hell out of it.
How do you keep brown bears off your property	Build a wall
How do you fit an elephant in a teacup	You take the f out of way. ~~say it out loud if you don't get it~~
How do you know the economy is only getting worse	On the latest episode of ""Celebrity Apprentice"", Donald Trump fired himself!
Q: How do you get 27 kids to carve a statue	A: Have everybody chip in.
How did the prostitute get a job at the zoo	They heard she could handle a cockatoo.
How's Bud Light like having sex in a canoe	They're both fucking pretty close to water.
How many Ferguson protesters does it take to change a light bulb	None; they can't change anything.
How do you get a witch pregnant	You fuck her.
How did Helen Keller break her arms	She tried to read a road sign going 45mph
How to make Holy Water Friend: Hey, how do you make Holy Water	Me: Uhh...Let me think... Why? Friend: You boil the hell out of it! Me: Get out.
How many men does it take to fix a women's watch	Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!
Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is lying	A: Only a Bill Clinton supporter is too dumb to know the answer to this one.
Q: How does Stan Collymore change a lightbulb	A: He holds it in the air and the world revolves around him
How much space does fungi need to grow	As Mushroom as possible.
How do you turn an old dishwasher into a snowblower	You give her a shovel and tell her to get to work.
How do you make Donald Trump laugh	tickle his armpits
How do you get a bunch of Canadians out of a swimming pool	Say ""Get out of the pool.
How did the dungeon keeper plan for retirement	Collecting stocks and bonds.
How does Moses make his coffee	He brews it.
How do cows go from one town to another	they cowmmute.
How to you tell a naval officer from and RAF officer on an aircraft carrier	The naval officer is trying to feed bread to the helicopters!
How do New Zealanders practice safe sex	(NSFW) They paint a red X on the back of the sheep that kick.
How many anti-Trump protesters does it take to change a lightbulb	TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING.
How the hell did Charles Manson get like 16 people to murder for him	I can't even get two kids to brush their teeth.
How much for these old batteries	For you? No charge.
How do you annoy your girlfriend during sex	Phone her.
How do you know if your sister is on her period	Your dad's dick would taste like blood
How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl	They said, ""baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the chin
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	DO IT YOURSELF YOU FILTHY MAN!
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. ............. JK rolling!
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	The bitch can suck my dick in the dark for all I care....
How does a physicist milk a cow	First, he assumes the cow is a sphere.
How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert	During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes.
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas	He felt his presents...
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person	None.
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool	Please get out of the swimming pool.
How many male chauvinist does it take to change a lightbulb	None, the wife can cook fine in the dark
How do you call a prison inmate	With a cell phone.
How do you know you're in a modern art museum	If you need to ask if the bench is an art piece.
How do you stop a woman giving you a blow job	Marry her.
How long are you supposed to wait to return a boy's call	This IRS guy sounded pretty into me
How did Jared lose 30 pounds	He dumped his girlfriend.
How do you know when a Jewish chef is done cooking	You check the oven.
How do skeletons reproduce	They don't.
How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss	Jesus!
How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish	Give him test tickles.
How do you know when you're eating rabbit stew	When it has hares in it.
How many men does it take to open a can of beer	None. It should be open by the time she brings it to the couch.
How are babies like hinges	They are things to adore
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irish family	None
How does a woman go about inventing something	She gives birth to a boy.
How can you tell if someone has a Jamaican accent	They roll their J's.
How do ants hide from aardvarks	They disguise themselves as uncles!
How do you recycle a condom	Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb	THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
How do telegraph operators apologize	Remorse code
How do animals cross the ocean	On a Gir-raft.
How did the butcher introduce his wife	Meet Patty!
How does a train eat	They Chew-Chew.
How many cats does it take to make a fur coat	None! Cats can't sew!
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him	He was cross.
How much lube does the Hamburglar need to fuck his kinky girlfriend	About a quart to pound her with cheese.
How many American cops does it take to change a broken lightbulb	Two. One to arrest the room for being black, and the other to arrest the bulb for being broke.
How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey	He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out.
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce	Austerity.
How can Rihanna tell when Chris Brown's cheating on her	The brand of makeup on his knuckle isn't hers.
How do you bury a Jew	Dig a really deep hole and throw a penny in it.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	It's not enough to change the bulb; we have to change the *system*.
How do generals show their gratitude to their troops	They give tanks.
How do you tell the difference between an East Indian Chef and a porn star	Ask them to pronounce the word cumin.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle	Nail it's other hand to the floor.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	YOU WOULDN'T KNOW!!! YOU WEREN'T THERE!
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know probably more than eight, my basement is still dark.
how do you know when your sister is on her period	your dads cock tastes like blood.
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke	Two. One to think of it, and another to repost it a day later.
How do you make a baby boy cry twice	Make him suck your bloody dick.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	THE LIGHTBULB IS FINE. THERE IS NO PROBLEM WITH IT. I MADE LIGHTBULBS WITH GOOD MANAGEMENT. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
How does one turn a fox into a pig	.. ...Marry her.
How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast	They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving
How many Dragon Ball characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just 1, but It'll take 7 episodes for him to do it.
How do you seduce a fat woman	PIece of cake.
How to Skrillex sign his Valentine's Day cards	I wub wub wub you....
How do you catch a bear	1. Dig a big hole 2. Fill the hole with ash 3. Place peas all around the hole 4. Finally, when the bear stops to take a pea you kick it in the ash-hole
How do you make a Venetian blind	Poke him in the eye
How many potatos do you need to kill an Irishman	None.
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise	He says ""Cerebro
How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people	A big wave
How did I sleep in college	I slept like a baby... I woke up every two hours to vomit, shit myself and cry myself back to sleep.
How can working with cow hide act in your favor on a first date	As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck.
How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex	gingerly.
How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas	Fleece Navidad!
How did the Linux admin commit assault	He sudo bashed someone.
How do you assemble a computer	Bit by bit.
How do you make a tissue dance	Put a little boogie in it !
How does a Muslim close a door	Islams it!
How do you know when it's time to get a new dishwasher	When the old one expects you to ""do your share
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Dont be silly, feminists cant change anything.
How did the captain of the u-boat announce to his crew that there were no more passports to go around	This sub has officially run out of IDs.
How do you know when there is a bassist at your door	He can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	In little Nazis.
Q: How many bluegrass musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Two. One to screw it in and one to complain that it's electrified.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll tell you next Friday.
How do you stop rape	**NSFW** Consent.
How did Jesus get so ripped	39 lashes.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, it's already screwed in! heh. *chirp* *chirp*
How do we create jobs	I thought he was already dead
How can you tell that your waitress is having a bad day	She has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
How do you spell hypocrisy	R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends how hard you throw them
How are eating a girl out and working for the CIA similar	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. (Thanks to u/Gary_III for pointing out the mistake last time
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just Juan
How do you turn soup into gold	You add 24 carats!
Q: How did a blind woman pierce her ear	A: Answering the stapler.
How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously	By feeding the poor to the hungry.
How is God just like every other man	If you're not on your knees, he's not interested.
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb	One, but it will take him 50 tries to do it.
How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food	By giving her a Brazilian wax first!
How is being a Jew like eating a burrito	It's really not a problem until they give you gas.
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance	Just one pence.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None. First they beat the room for being black, then they arrest the light bulb for being broke.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Nail a piece of toast to the ceiling.
How do rabbits fly	In hareplanes.
How can you call someone and sound fabulous	Use a homophone.
How many communists died during ww2	not enough
How can you tell an old person from a young person	An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time.
How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg	He has to Breddit
How do you plug a plow into a car stereo	Through the ox input.
How do you know you are at a picnic with gay men	All the hot dogs taste like shit
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. But I don't know how they got in there.
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do you play Iraqi bingo	F18...B52...F18
How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida	When the color of the license plates start to change.
How would it be living in an only men city	I think it would be tight at first, but then it would loosen up after a while.
How do you tell if your gas station attendant is a former porn star	Right before he finishes pumping your gas he takes it out and sprays it all over your car
How to legalize animal poaching	Drop a kid in their zoo enclosure.
How does ISIL prefer their eggs	Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled.
How do you throw a party in space	You planet
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool	Say, "" Everyone out of the pool please.
How come Django's wife never hears Django coming	The D is silent.
How do you know when your BBQ is ready in Canada in April	The snow on top of it has melted.
How did the bird get his bluetooth to work	He had to parrot.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None!
How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb	Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains
How do the Chinese select their baby names	They chuck a tin can down the stairs Ping Wong  ching  Pang
How do you start an insect race	One two flea - go
How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it	With the chicken still around it
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question. Feminists can't change shit.
How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed	By the ""M"" on his pajamas.
How do you know you're speaking with an engineer	Don't worry they'll tell you.
How do blonde braincells die	Alone.
How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like	Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it.
How do neurons communicate	Cell phones
How do you make a hamburger smile	Pickle it gently!
How many potato's does it take to kill an Irishman	None.
How do you know if somebody's Christian	Don't worry, They'll fucking tell you.
How do you stop your children from smoking	Slow down and use some lubricant.
How do you greet a slice of bread in Germany	Gluten tag! Ba-dum tss.
How did the executioner learn about knots	By watching the noose.
How many brewers does it take to change a light bulb	Third as many as for a regular bulb.
How do you make your wife scream during sex	You call and tell her about it.
How do the Rolling Stones like their burgers	Plain - Rolling Stones gather no moss-tard!
How do pigs talk	Swine language
How does one sink, that which floats	How does one sync, that which floats? Well, we type case the variable to make sure that both sides of the equation are of type, floats.
How many lead guitarists does it take to change lightbulb	One. He just stands there with the lightbulb and the whole world revolves around him.
How does the butcher introduce his wife	Meat Patty. (This was told to me by an old man I cut off with my grocery cart at the grocery store).
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb	THAT'S NOT FUNNY
How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb	Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw
How many people in denial does it take to change a lightbulb	There is nothing wrong with the lightbulb.
How is American Beer similar to making love in a canoe	They're both fucking close to water.
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle	Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
How does an elephant get out of a small car	The same way that he got in !
How do you wake up Lady Gaga..	POKER FACE ... BAHAHAHA!!!
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun	Planet
How do you kill a circus	...go for the Juggler!
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Punch his cousin
How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make	Just the tips.
Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton apart from a cow	A: By the wise look in the eyes.
How do narcissists remember everything	...They have a photogenic memory.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens	Juan by Juan
How can a man take an abortion pill	He just picks one up and leaves.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	That's not funny!
How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services	An arm and a leg.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	That's not funny.
How do you catch King Kong	Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
How do the Chinese name their kids	They throw silverware down the stairs.
How do you make a German shepherd	Put him in a synagogue.
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority	Because he likes Dick's.
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to remove it.
How did Jared lose 150lbs	He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed.
How many Spanish people does it take to change a light bulb	Just Juan.
How can you tell it's a porno actor filling up his car at the next pump	Just before he gets to twenty bucks he pulls out the nozzle and shoots it all over the trunk.
How do most elderly golfers die	They have a bad stroke
How do you get a Jewish girls number	Roll up her sleeve.
How do you keep a vegan from eating all your dairy	Invite two of them.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three: A left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
How the does man give his dead batteries away	Free of charge, of course.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	They don't. They just beat up the room for being dark and arrest the light for being broke.
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep	She reads them pig tales.
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat	She can fit into your wife's clothes
How do you make a plumber cry	You kill his family.
Q: How many UPM's does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: None! If you'd just make it a day exterior we wouldn't be screwing around with all these damn light bulbs!
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate his soup before it was cool
How much do pirates pay to get an earring	A Buccaneer.
How is the American public now like Socrates	By November, they will have both picked their poison.
How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb	As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.
How is eating a girl out like being a member of the mafia	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit!
How to make an idiot curious	I'll post the answer tomorrow.
How do you communicate with a fish	You drop it a line!
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke	A dad joke has to reach father for a pun.
How do you tell the difference between the staff and the inmates at a psychiatric hospital	The patients get better and leave. Not everyone of the patients thinks he is God. The staff have the keys!
Q: How do you get a clarinet player to play  louder	A: You can't!
How many Communists does is take to screw in a light bulb	All of them.
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny	By the egg on its face.
How does a Russian catch fish	A niet!
How do you guarantee that your wishes always come true	Wish for something that is already true.
How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb	OVER 9000
How do you throw a space party	You planet!
How do you spell relief	F-A-R-T
How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty	She kept wetting the bed.
How many animals can fit into a pair of pantyhose	Ten pigs, two calves, one beaver, and an ass.
How do you find a vegan at your dinner party	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag	You take the F out of safe, and the F out of way.
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish	(X-post r/nfl) Mark Sanchez.
How does the pig farmer get to the fair	He rides piggyback.
How do circumcision doctors get paid	In tips.
How do you make a hippopotamus float	2 hippos and a LOT of root beer.
How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick question, anarchists can't change anything.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	... None, they can't change anything.
How Did I Make It To The Middle East	Iran there.
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her	She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
How do you know when it's okay to swim in a pool of milk	When it's past your eyes.
Q: How does Hitler tie his shoes	A: With little Nazis.
How many bees are there in the world	A buzzillion.
How many ADD's does it take to change a light bulb	Let's go fishing
How do mermaids give birth	Via Sea-Section
How did the shellfish win the underwater beauty pageant	Using saxitoxin.
How do you keep someone in suspense	I'll tell you later.
How has society let things go so far down hill that it still takes two minutes to make popcorn	China probably can pop corn in one minute.
Q: How do you know if a blonde  has been sending e-mail	A: You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.
How does a witch tell time	With a witchwatch.
How did Jesus get so ripped	He does crossfit.
How do you know if someone is half texan and half Canadian	It rhymes when they say. ""Keep at eye out for a coyote.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. jk, rolling.
How long is a Chinaman	How long IS a chinaman
How do you know whether or not a redditor is Australian	They'll tell you.
How many Jews can you fit in a car	Depends how big the ash tray is.
How many bears does it take to screw in a lightbulb	The bear minimum
How about a meat that is also a dental floss	Pitch for prosciutto
How can you tell a rabbit from a skunk	A skunk uses a cheaper deodorant!
How many babies does it take to paint a house	It depends how hard you throw them.
How do you know a homeless woman is menstruating	If she's only wearing one sock. (This joke brought to you courtesy the homeless guy outside my local 7-11.) Edit: tweaked the punchline.
How Many Muslim Women Does it Take to Screw In a Light Bulb	Silly, Muslim Women aren't allowed to screw in light bulbs.
How do you pick up a feminist	Like a bowling ball.
How did Captain Hook die	He wiped his ass with the wrong hand.
How is Kim Kardashian's ass like a password-protected compressed file	They both have their own zip code
How many Deadheads does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just watch it burn out and follow it around for 30 years.
How do gingers make friends	No seriously, im getting lonely.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	Can't be done, it's a hardware problem.
How long did it take Goku to change a lightbulb	20 Episodes and Krillin dies.
How do you kill a circus clown	Go for the juggler
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to change a lightbulb	Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!!!
How do you get three popes into a Volkswagen	You take off their hats
How many Australians does it take to screw in a light bulb	It doesn't matter, they all turn them the the wrong way.
How do you tell if the stage is level	The drummer is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Q: How does a bull stay warm on a bitterly cold day	... ... A: He goes into the barn and slips into a nice warm Jersey.
How does a lawyer from Panama play his guitar	He shreds.
How do you reuse a condom	Turn it inside out and shake the shit out of it!
How can you tell if a clock is hungry	it goes back 4 seconds
How many Norwegians does it take to change a light bulb	They don't bother, you can find lutfisk in the dark.
How do hipsters buy their drugs	by the instagram.
Q: How did a blind man drive his car	A: One hand on the wheel; the other on the road.
How do you grow a cow	Plant its nuts.
How do you get 100 jews into a car	Toss a penny in, how do you get them out? tell hitler is driveing the car.
How do you save a pirate's life	C P Arrr!
How many kids with ADSD does it take to change a lightbulb	Lets go ride our bikes!
How do you measure the mass of God	Yahweh it of course.
How is the layer of fat around a woman's vagina called	Woman.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the jaw
How do you make an archaeologist blush	[repost for spelling] You hand him a dirty tampon and ask him what period it's from!
How do you know you've satisfied a redhead	She unlocks the handcuffs. Edit: for everyone that isn't getting it, it means kinky sex
How do two lesbians pass their time when on their period	Finger painting.
How many ""Mean Girls"" jokes is too many	The limit does not exist
How can you tell the difference between a Fleshlight and the porn star it was modeled after	Rubber clit...
How many ninjas are in this room	As many as want to be!
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her	They gave her a basketball.
How long does it take to get from Dorne to Meereen	It Varys.
How do you make sure you have the best space party for your kid	You planet early.
How many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb	Are you kidding? That's a hardware problem!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	None
How many immature people does it take to screw in a light bulb	69.
How do you get a fly out of the kitchen	Shit in the living room
How does a feminist know she's overweight	She doesn't
How did the rednecks find their sister	Pretty good.
How many times should you try starting your snowblower before you realize it's not going to start	According to my neighbor it's 458 times.
How many friendzoned guys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just keep complimenting it and get mad when it doesn't want to screw.
How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse	Hodor.
How do make a woman blind	Stick a car windshield in front of her face.
How much did the pirate charge for corn	He sold them for a buccaneer.
How do cops get rid of flies	They call in a S.W.A.T. team
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	That is a trick question, feminists can't change anything.
How do you know if you have an underbite	When your eating pussy and it tastes like shit
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag	You take the f out of ""safe"" and the f out of ""way"".
How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks	On the rocks
How do you get rid of somebody	Give them a ticket for a flight on Malaysian Airlines and hope that they will live up to their reputation!
How Did Harry Potter Get Down The Hill	Walking. Jk Rowling.
How many computer programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Oh, wait. That's a hardware problem. [source](http://nerdfighteria.info/video/54/Zrnd63DAH8o)
How many x does it take to change a lightbulb	f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.
How many Nazis does it take to screw in 6 million lightbulbs	One. The rest were just following orders.
How do I like my eggs	Umm in a cake.
Q: How can you tell when a tenor is really  stupid	A: When the other tenors notice.
How Do You Break Up With Your Girlfriend	www.AshleyMadison.com
How do you take a screenshot of a picture of a circumcision	Using the snipping tool
How did the raisin have fun at the movies	It took a date....
How do you confuse a jew	Put him in a circular room and tell him there's a quarter in the corner
How did you get out of Iraq	Iran
Q: How many baby sitters does it take to change a light bulb	A: None They don't make Pampers small enough.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb	Let's go ride our bikes!
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	16, one to change the bulb, and 15 to form a support group.
How much do used batteries cost	Nothing, they are free of charge.
How many cops does it take to beat up a light bulb	None. That light bulb fell down the stairs.
How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale	4 skin divers
Q: How do dogs order eggs at restaurants	A: Pooched.
How many Amish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One... I mean, they aren't fucking retarded.
How do you know the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	Snow Balls
How long is a 0 or 1	Just a little bit.
Q: How do convicts get drugs while they're in prison	A: Some asshole brings 'em in.
How do hipsters measure weight	In Instagrams.
How do you kill a one-legged fox	You make him run across Canada...
How do you know someone went to Harvard	They tell you.
How does a racist joke start	A small loan of a million dollars.
How do you know Tiger Woods is one of the richest people in the world	He plays golf.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Some obscure number you've never heard of
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	None.
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb	Oh.....it's fine. Forget about it. Seriously don't worry about it. I'm fine sitting here in the dark.
how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming	Al Gore Rhythm
How do nuns surf the web	On the Hymnternet.
How come the T Rex was an excellent stenographer	short hands..
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment	tenants.
How do you know the passengers of the missing plane are alive	A new season of lost is out now!
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	[Click here for the punchline](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1yya5x/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_in_suspense/)
How do you get Pikachu on the bus	Poke 'em on!
How does Moses make tea	He brews it.
How do you know your at a gay bbq	Hotdogs taste like shit
How do you tell... How do you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes!
How does the queen bee get around the hive	She's throne.
How do you re-use a condom	Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.
Q: How many fire safety guys dose it take to screw in a light bulb	A: One -- but it's an 8 hour minimum.
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	She can wear your wife's clothes.
How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend	I just need some space.
How does the Ultimate Warrior repair his car	With parts unknown.
How Many Hillary Supporters Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb	Why NONE of course, they prefer to remain in the dark!
How do you piss off Winnie the Pooh	Put two fingers in his honey.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	One. But only if the light bulb wants to change.
How many mexicans do you need to screw a lightbulb	Juan
How does a plant walk	It uses a plant stand.
How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach	It's not hard.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	None. That's a hardware problem.
How many Bros does it take to change a lightbulb	None cuz it's already lit af
How does a Jew make his tea	Hebrews it!
How do pirates measure rope	In yarr'ds.
how is Duct Tape like The Force	It has a Dark side, a Light side and it binds the galaxy together.
how is sex like math	You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard-of-hearing	HEY!!! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!?!
How did the Girl Scout Samoa cookies get their name	Because after you eat one, you want samoa!
How much does a German weigh	Teutons.
How do you pick out the extroverted engineer	He's the one staring at YOUR feet when he talks
How did Jared Fogle lose so much weight	because he chose from the kids menu
How does a mathematician get Tan	Sin/Cos
How can you tell the Ethiopian diplomat at a political function	He's the one with the gold Rolex around his neck.
How many frames per second does it take to screw in a light bulb	30 because that's peasants work.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Whithers.
How many architects does it take to change a light bulb	Just one but he has to coordinate ten other professionals who are doing this quiet complicated task.
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and one to hold the penis. I mean ladder, one to hold the ladder.
How do you make a Kleenex dance	Put a little boogie in it.
How'd the hillbilly Stump the Trump	He Berned it.
How do you call a judge that only gives innocent veredicts because he gave up on law school and knows nothing	a quitter.
How many ears does Mr. Spock have	Three. One left ear, one right ear, and a Final Front-ear.
How did the lame person feel when he was teased by people	He couldn't stand it.
How did Jesus get so ripped	By doing Crossfit
How does an idiot call for his dog	He puts two fingers in his mouth and then shouts Rover.
How are a piano and a squirrel alike	They both aren't artichokes
How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American	Last Supper
How do you make a dead baby float	Two scoops of ice-cream and one scoop of dead baby.
How do you join a Vampire Fan Club	Send your name address and blood group.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	That's not funny.
How do you starve a black guy	Put his food stamps in his work boots
How many men from the US swim team does it take to open a door	Just one if its lochte'd
How can you spot a Jewish Pedofile	He's the guy in the creepy van rolling up to kids and asking ""Hey kids, you want to buy some candy?
How many Public Radio hosts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	We'll be back with that answer right after this pledge break.
How many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb	Seven. One to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.
How do you win an election	By having people believe that you've won an election.
How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment	By dropping out now.
How did the Somali terrorist describe his flight	It was dynamite!
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed	Put velcro on the ceiling
How was the red sea made	Over a very long period.
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tits a lot.
How many ways are there to please a guy	Three way.
How many Firefly fans disc it take to screw in a light bulb	None. The just stand around for years bitching about how it went out. EDIT: does not disc.
How do you fit four gay guys on a bar stool	Get a really big bar stool.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	None - its a hardware problem
How did Donald Trump lose $916 million	Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb	One to change it, thirty to write a book about it. :3
How did the hail stone describe it's life	-It really has a lot of ups and downs
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	The taste.
How do you get a guitar player to turn down his amp	Give him sheet music.
How to you make an octopus laugh	...you give it ten tickles
How do chickens connect online	faceBAWK!
How does a road reply when you ask it how work is going	It's tiring.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in a microwave until its Bill Withers
How do you tell an introvert and an extrovert mathematician apart	When talking to you, the extrovert mathematician looks at *your* shoes.
How many Feminists does it take to change a Light Bulb	Two - One to change the Bulb and one to Blow Me
How do ghosts get ghouls interested in them	They woooooooOOOOOOOooooo them.
How is a women and peanut butter the same	It takes a lot of coaxing to get them to spread when they're cold
How do you know if someone's a feminist	They have an AK and they plan to kill all men. /shittyjoke\
How long do you need to know someone before sharing fries	Because I'm about to introduce myself to the girl at the end of the bar.
How do you make a door hold water	You open it slightly so it's ajar.
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Trick question. Deadheads screw in sleeping bags.
How much room is needed for fungi to grow	As mushroom as possible
How many Shia laBeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb	NonononononononononoNONONONONONO! NONONONONONONO! NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! (he can't.)
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	Look for the fresh prints
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple a piece of bread to the ceiling
How did Wendy die	The Baconator.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower	Give the bitch a shovel.
How much does a moil get paid for circumcision	Ninety-nine dollars plus tips.
How many married women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Yeah right, like married women ever screw anything other than poolboys.....
How did the aliens hurt the farmer	They trod on his corn.
How do you tell the difference in an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	Taste
How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game	When your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots.
How do you hire an elephant	Stand it on four bricks !
How are women and linoleum floors alike	You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
How many questions did the politician answer	9/11
How do you find a blind man on a nude beach	It ain't hard....
Q: How do cats buy things	- A: From a  cat-alogue!
How many South Americans are boycotting the World Cup final	Brazilians
How does an abstract artist paint	They wipe their ass with canvas.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.
How many Biology undergrads does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but doing it will make them think they're going to be an electrician in the future.
How do teenage boys keep warm	Jackit
How does Hitler line people up to get ready for mass genocide	Jew by Jew
How did the hipster got his tongue burnt	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate it's tits a lot.
How are Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd similar	Both's greatest hit was The Wall
How do astronomers plan a party	they planet.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	Just one, but it'll take 10 episodes.
How do you starve a worthless mooch	By hiding his employment check in his work boots.
How do you know if you are a necrophiliac	You get mourning wood
How do you know you put the right joke in the right thread	Don't worry, someone will tell you.
How do you titilate an ocelot	You oscillate its tit a lot.
How many white girls does it take to change a lightbulb	Well, it has to be an odd number, because they literally cannot even.
How do you make a cat woof	soak it in gasoline and light it on fire... WOOF!
How do witches lose weight	They join weight witches.
How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house	When the big hand touches the little hand
How do you stop a baby from crawling around in circles	Nail its other hand to the floor.
How do you know when you're at a gay picnic	The hotdogs taste like shit.
Q: How many Wardrobe people does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: ""Nobody said I needed doubles on that!
How do you make a Bloody Nicole	Like a Bloody Mary, but with a stab of OJ...
How are men like carpet tiles	If you lay them properly the first time around you can walk all over them for the rest of your life.
How many suh dudes does it take to fix a light bulb	It's already lit fam
How do blind people know their ass is clean after they poop	One bark means clean, two means dirty.
How's your homophone needlepoint project coming along	Sew sew
How do you call a black guy that uses testosterone boosters	Testostyrone.
How do philosophers shave off their beards	Occam's razor
How could the pimp always easily locate his ho	Because, she really stands out on the street.
How are neutrinos and i alike	Were both constantly penetrating your mom
How do Protestants like their orange juice	without Pope
How do you get a girl from the Midwest to ""s"" your ""d""	Dip it in ranch.
How do you tell two witches apart	You can't! You don't know which witch is which!
How to spot a douchebag in the gym	Really bad so he hurts himself.
How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween	They Pump Kin.
How can you avoid falling hair	Get out of the way.
Q: How does an elephant climb a tree	A: He hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
How do you keep a blonde busy	Put ""flip"" on both sides of a piece of paper
how does a bakery know when to make more bread	on a knead the dough basis.
How does a rice burner start a street race	With a pilaf.
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb	One, but the lightbulb has to WANT to change.
How does a Jewish man know his wife died	Well, the sex is the same but the dishes are piling up.
How many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have	Nion
How do you like your eggs	Over here
How does a one liner hurt its readers	With its punchline
How much does a Polar Bear weigh	Enough to lower your standards, I'm moonsout_goonsout
How many Trump supporters does t take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just make the Mexicans do it.
How to lose a gf: Gf: which of my friends would be the most fun to have a 3some with	Me: *names two of them*
How many dead-heads does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just let it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put him in the microwave 'till his Bill Withers.
How many ADD kids does it take to change a lightbulb	Wanna go ride bikes? (xpost r/imgoingtohellforthis)
How do weathermen get up a mountain	They climate
How are people from Kentucky like flour	They're inbred.
How does a mathematician solve constipation	Pro biotics and a healthy amount of fiber.
How do you raise a baby elephant	With a fork lift truck !
How do you make a hormone	Pay well, and give her the best time you can.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple a piece of bread to the ceiling.
How to get fucked up in bakery	Get creampied.
How do people in the movies dig 6-foot deep graves with a shovel	I got tired digging a hole to plant a bush
How do you shut Donald Trump up	Muzzle-im
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it ;)
How come ants don't go to the church	They are in sects.
How do zombies communicate in times of war	Cryptic code.
How can environmental scientists stay on top of the global warming issue	They climate.
How do you get a fat person into bed	Piece of cake.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z!
How do you turn a cobra into a rattlesnake	Give it to Michael J Fox
How does a man take a bubble bath	He eats beans for dinner.
How are airplanes and women alike	They both have cockpits.
How do you make a Hindu self destruct	Press the red button
Q: How do you make a violin sound like a viola	A: Play in the low register with a lot of wrong notes.
How do you guys feel about that new drug-resistant superbug	It makes me sick.
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light-bulb	(It's not &gt;9000) FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGGGGON BAAAAL ZEEEEEEEEE
How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem	She worked it out with a pencil.
How many feet are in a yard	4 if you have a dog.
How do you poison a hipster	Gluten
How does Porkins get into his star fighter	He has to wedge himself in.
How are sex and pizza similar	If you get it from someone in a Chuck E. Cheese's it's never very good.
How did the detective solve his cold-case	He put it in a conviction-oven.
How do you make a baby politician cry	How do you make a baby politician cry. Take away his slush-y fund.
How many mangoes make a dozen	Six girls ;)
How do you make a whore moan	With peptides... Sicko..
How many Norwegians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	7
How do you catch a unique bird	Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird ? Tame way unique up on it.
How did the lion lose at poker	He was playing with a cheetah.
How did Spartacus feel about going down on his wife	He was gladiator
How many Police Officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know, they were too busy beating up the room for being black.
How does an elephant get down from a tree	He sits on a leaf and waits till autumn !
How do you help a lemon	Lemon-aid.
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: Virgos don't have time to change their own lightbulbs.  They're too busy changing them for everyone else.
Q: How many republicans does it take to disarm the law abiding public so that the government can enforce totalitarianistic and unconstitutional laws	A: None. The Sociali--Democrats do that
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the chin...
How did Darth Vader know what Leah got Luke for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How do you tell the difference between a Syrian hospital and an ISIS military base	I don't know either, Johnny, just fly the drone.
How are women like KFC	After your done munching on the breasts and thighs, you have a nice greasy box to put your bone in
How do Spaniards take their coffee	Au lait.
Q: How do you know if a blonde has been sending e-mail	A: You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.
How many drunks does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. He holds the bulb and the room spins.
HOW DO WELSH PEOPLE EAT CHEESE	CAERPHILLY
How many judges does it take to change a light bulb	Just one; he holds it still and the whole world revolves around him. Just one but two lawyers have to explain him how to do it.
How do you say ""whoops"" in German	World War 2
How much did the Cubs pay the devil to win the World Series	2016.
How did Jim Henson die	He Kermitted suicide
How do you get a mermaid pregnant	You fuck her.
How do you determine the personality of a hot dog	Give it an Oscar-Myers-Briggs test
How do you say virgin in German	Goodentite
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb	The light bulb was already changed a month ago the last time this was reposted
How does Bob Marley like his donuts	With jammin'.
How do Reavers clean their spears	They run them through the Wash :(
How do you separate the men from the boys in Greece	With a crowbar.
How many skateboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw it in and one to film it. **Alternate Ending** One, but it takes him fifty tries.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	..To get to the other side!
How can you tell if a shark has dandruff	He left his head and shoulders on the beach.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	One Jew at a time!
How many ""sup dude""s does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, it's already lit fam.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to say the word, ""unionized"".
How do you make a hotdog with a tree	You fold it
How do Muslims seperate the men from the boys	With a crowbar.
How did Obama react when he heard Donald Trump won for president	[*removed due to copyright infringement*]
How to 4-dimensional aliens get around	In Tralfamadoloreans.
How did Paul, the octopus, originally die	Torres went and asked Paul proudly, ""How many goals will I end up with after thia this World Cup?"" Paul died laughing.
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist	Ask them to pronounce unionized.
How do you make a German cry	Show them their gas bill
How did the cavemen in the far east protect them selves	They Rocked their doors.
How do you tell the difference between an adult film star and a psychiatrist	Ask them to pronounce the word analyzed.
how do you know if you have a high sperm count	your daughter has to chew before she swallows
How did the dog make gold soup	He put in 24 carrots.
How do you get a kleenex to dance	You put a little boogie in it.
How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb	3....one to bend over, one to screw the lightbulb in, and one to drive the gay pride day parade float.
How does a cow add and subtract	With a cowculator.
How do you make something go viral	Herpes.
How does a water bear sleep	It Hydronates
How do you define necrophilia	The urge to crack open a cold one
How does Homer Simpson say watermelon in French	Melon D'OH
How to tell someone they have a bad breath nicely	Oh boy I am bored lets brush our teeth
How is Chick-Fil-A like a black hole	You can come in, but you can't come out. &lt;editorial non-joke remark - I'm straight, but these guys need to learn a lesson IMHO&gt;
How do you organize a space party	You planet ;)
How many Nazis did it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, despite crimes against humanity they were efficient people and had state of the art engineering.
How do you stop a thundering herd of Apes	Hold up your arm and say 'Go back you didn't say 'May I?''
How is a good criminal defense lawyer like a dead hooker	I use them both to get off.
How do you tell if your scrotum is ticklish	Give it a couple test tickles
How many jews can you fit in a Volkswagen beetle	4 in the seats and 47 in the ashtray.
How did the Vagina want her eggs cooked	Ovaries-y
How do you find the PC user in the coffee shop	Follow the power cord.
How many redditors commenting on a given post does it take to screw in a light bulb	Not possible. Their hands are too slippery with each other's ejaculate.
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay her enough
How does a racist laugh	He sniggers.
How did the scarecrow win the award	Because he was outstanding in his field.
How does every racist joke start	By looking over your shoulder.
How can you tell if Chuck Norris ate rabbits the night before	He has claw marks on his forehead.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently not five, my basement is still dark. (taken from this page: https://www.facebook.com/ImammahdidailyIII?fref=ts)
How do you tell if someone has an std	Oh shit wrong sub-reddit.
How many Deadheads (Grateful Dead fans) does it take to change a lightbulb	No one knows, they wait for it to burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How do you prevent alcoholism	Shots.
How do you get a Mormon to stop drinking all of your alcohol	Invite two of them.
How does Lil Wayne get inspiration for his new music	He listens to his old music.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten-tickles!
How does the Moon get its haircut	Eclipse it!
How does the stork bring babies	It pokes holes in condoms.
How do you keep your hair from blowing everywhere when you drive in a convertible	Cross your legs
How did the hipster burn himself	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How Many Hipsters Does it Take to Screw in a Lightbulb	A: You probably wouldn't know, it's some really obscure number...
How long does it take for a black woman to take the trash out	9 months
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	With Little Ceasars *drops mic, Harlem shakes off stage*
How do you stop water from running	Don't pay the water bill.
How many Jon Snows does it take to change a light bulb	It wouldn't matter. Jon Snow knows nothing.
How does a nun lose her virginity	Dresses up as an altar boy
How can you find the blind guy at a nudist colony	It's not hard
How is digging fence post holes like being the mayor of Toronto	It goes pretty smoothly until you start hitting the rock.
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they have machines for that these days
How do you go about hiring a horse	Try two pairs of stilts!
How many jews can you fit in a VW	Four - two in the front, two in the back, and none in the ashtray because the Holocaust never happened
How did Michael Jackson pick his nose	From a catalogue. ba dum tss
How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts	He doesn't, he's dead!
How do you make an idiot easily wait	I tell you tomorrow.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He ate his pizza before it was cool
How many qataris does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just make the nepalese do it.
How did the bottle of whiskey laugh	...wryly.
How many sexual orientations does a physicist have	Six: Up, Down, Strange, Charm, Top and Bottom.
How does an Alzheimer's patient celebrate New Years	Kissing strangers.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	You poke 'em on!
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	They don't. They arrest it for being broke and they beat the room for being black.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten.
How do you Circumcise a whale	Send down four skin divers.
How do you know if someone has run a marathon	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do Russians in the taiga make fun of each other online	-bullying
How hard do you need to press someone's boob to ooze out milk	About tree fiddy.
How many black people does it take to change a light bulb	You can't tell it's in the dark
How does Hitler organize his juice	By concentration
How did Luke always know what Darth was getting him for Christmas	He felt his presents...
How do you tell a dyslectic to take the left turn on the road	Turn toward your side!
How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator	Open the door. Put in the elephant. Close the door.
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb	......No one knows they never keep the house!
How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence	Dye a blonde's hair.
How many Nice Guys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just complement the bulb and get pissed that it won't screw
How do you win a small fortune in Las Vegas	By spending a large fortune.
How many redditors does it take to screw in a new lightbulb	Zero. Somebody already did it.
How does the vicar explore the Internet	With the church mouse.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	Nien.
How do you know if a Russian vampire is gay	If Vladimir Putin it in the butt.
How does a mathematician ask for money	Give me 10! dollars
How are buttsex and asparagus the same	If you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.
How do you get a clown to stop smiling	Hit him in the face with an axe
How do you know if somebody is a vegan	Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
How do you subdue a large snake	You use a boa restrictor
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment	Tenants
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat it for being dark.
How to avoid falling trap to clickbaiting	Sorry, you can't!
How did Harry get it in Ron's sweet Diagon Alley	A lubricantation.
How do you turn tap water into holy water	You boil the HELL out of it! Har har har.
How amazing is it that nobody in the same Kingdom as Cinderella , had the same sized feet as her	She should play the lottery too !
Q: How many Real Men does it take to change a  light bulb	A: None. Real Men aren't afraid of the dark.
How many potatoes does it take to kill the Irish	None
How much did Juan weigh after eating Chinese food	Juan ton
How was the Irish Jig invented	To much beer and not enough bathrooms
How do you pay a bartender	With bar tender.
How come the giant Ape climbed up the side of the skyscraper	The elevator was broken!
How do birds learn to fly	They just wing it.
How many Mexicans are needed to change a light bulb	Juan.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird	A: She threw it off a cliff.
How does Hitler like his orange juice	Freshly squeezed.
[Offensive] How do you offend homeless people	By telling them knock knock jokes!
[Sci fi movie] How did you travel such a distance so fast	I went through a wormhole."" Worms in the audience: Omg this is so unrealistic.
How did Gertie Gorilla win the beauty  contest	She was the beast of the show!
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank espresso before it was cool.
How many days are there in Canadian February	About Twenty, eh.
How do you paint a wall with dead babies	It depends how hard you throw them.
How come there are no Olympics in Mexico	Because all of the Mexicans that can run jump and swim are already in America.
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the jaw
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. Let the bitch cook in the dark!!!
How many Patriots fans does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They're fine sucking each other's dicks in the dark. Preemptive edit: Not my joke.
How do you know your at a gay BBQ	The hotdogs taste like shit.
How did Jared Fogel lose 60 pounds	He broke up with his girlfriend.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	(snicker) *You don't know?*
How do you end world hunger	Put Turkey in Greece to cook it, then cut it up and put it into Chile. Then put it on China and give it to Hungary.
How many hipsters... does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How do you drown a hipster	In the mainstream.
How often do I make a chemistry joke	Periodically.
How many doors are on a chicken coop	Two. If there were four, it would be a chicken sedan
How do snowmen get around	By icicle.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an ithberg
How do you describe Catwoman in one word	Purrfect
How many men does it take to open a beer	None, the beer should be open by the time she has brought it to you.
How do you tell a racist joke without getting in trouble	Write it down.
How do you kill a one legged Fox	Make him run across Canada
How do rocks feel about moss	It's growing on them.
How does Moses make tea	*Hebrews it*
How many seconds are there in one year	12 of them: January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd, May 2nd, June 2nd, July 2nd, August 2nd, September 2nd, October 2nd, November 2nd, December 2nd.
Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is telling a lie by looking at his face	A: If his lips are moving then he's lying.
How does an elephant climb a tree	He hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
How do you tell the difference between Male and Female ghosts	One has boooooobs. The other gets full pay at their jobs.
How do you call a corn that is unique	A unicorn.
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, but when he unscrews the bulb, the lights go out and your xbox is gone.
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb in a monastery	Nun.
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. 1 to screw it in, and one to suck my cock.
How much to learn the thriller dance moves	Ma'am... this is senior citizens Zumba class!
How do you get a nun pregnant	Fuck her.
How do you make holy water	You just boil the hell out of it!
How did the hipster die	He drowned in the mainstream because he stood on it before it was cool.
How do you spot a vegan at the gym	Pretty much the same as anyone else.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	ask them to pronounce unionized
How do you say goodbye in Arabic	BOOM!
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb	Nein
How do you ensure the Letter Y has a clean bathroom experience	A Kleenex. That will be all.
How do you know when Santa's in the room	You can sense his presents.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	poke her face
How do you know you're at a gay barbecue	The hot dogs taste like ass.
How do they fit so many islands into such a small bottle of dressing	?!!
How many rats does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but you have to get them in the lightbulb first.
How does a train eat	It goes chew chew
How do you know when an accountant's on holidays	He doesn't wear a tie to work and comes in after 8.30.
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to keep browsing Reddit and another to get someone else to do it.
How many SCPs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	[DATA EXPUNGED]
How do deer get revenge	By giving each other a taste of their own venison
How do you get 300 babies in a bowl	Blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask which period it came from.
How do you unload a truck load of puppies	With a pitchfork
How do you pick up a fat chick	Piece of cake.
How do whores in Westeros get into the castle	Hodor.
How do programmers like their snacks	Byte-sized.
Q: How many Microsoft executives does it take to change a light bulb	A: We can see no need for uninstallation and have therefore made no provision for light bulbs to be removed.
How many Trump campaign managers does it take to change a lightbulb	Hopefully not very many because they keep getting fired.
How many Atheists does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know, they're all too busy complaining about this joke.
How do crows know what time is it	They have the knights watch .
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Only juan.
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone	Put it into airplane mode.
How can you tell if a potato is baked	It's [eyes](http://i.imgur.com/KwCyY.jpg) are all red and glossy.
How did the medical community come up with the term PMS	Mad cow disease was already taken.
How many tickles does an octopus like	Ten-tickles
How is Santa like a paedophile	They both leave children's bedrooms with empty sacks.
How do you start a racist joke	With a look over your shoulder.
How do you kill a redneck	Wait until he fucks his sister and then cut the brakes on his house.
How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump	The rough is combed over the fairway
How do you make your wife cry when you're having sex	Ring her up and let her listen
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How do turtles communicate	With shell phones.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A buccaneer.
How are you getting on with the Internet	Surf far so good.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A buccaneer!
How many atheist does it take to change a light bulb	None. It will happen itself.
How did the sailor deal with the death of his friend	He sent out a message in remorse code.
How do you separate the Greek boys from the Greek men at a Greek BBQ	With a Crowbar!!!!!
How do you pickup chicks in Auschwitz	With a dustpan..
How'd the husband know his wife was fooling around	Got home from work, kicked off her panties, and they stuck to the wall
Q: How did Bill and Hillary Clinton meet	A: They were dating the same girl in high school.
How is cunnilingus like riding a bike with an open face helmet	It's a lot of fun as long as you don't end up with bugs in your teeth.
How does Hilary Clinton clean her glasses	By wiping the mainframe.
How to you get rid of the dandelions on your lawn	Paint one of them black; the others will move away.
How do you get Cream of Mushroom in Pokemon	Put 2 Amoonguss' in the daycare.
How many Horsemen of the Apocalypse does it take to change a lightbulb	Three. War never changes.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Just Juan.
How do you top a car	Tep on the brake, tupid!
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb has got to *want* to change.
How are rookie marathon runners like people with erectile dysfunction	There both just honestly happy to finish
How many potatoes a day will make you fat	00000
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just shoot the room for being dark.
How did the pig get to the hospital	in a hambulance.
How do you get your hair into shape	You condition it
How do remove a bunch of drunk Canadians from the pool	You ask them to leave.
How did cell embarrass vegeta	He put a hole in his trunks.
How many porn stars does it take to turn change a fuse	It's too hard to tell. They keep blowing it.
How did Frankenstein's monster eat his lunch	He bolted it down.
How you can see if a blonde is telling bullshit	Her lips are moving.
How many bricks do you need to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but you're going to need a lot of patience and light bulbs.
How do Mexicans keep their food warm	Chicken Fajitas.
How many dads does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to put it in and one to complain that he never screws anything anymore.
How do people lose their kids at the mall	Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
How can a person travel from the north pole to the south pole without passing the equator	By becoming a stripper.
How is Reddit like fencing	Ripostes everywhere.
How many Mormons do you take fishing with you	Two. If you only take one, he'll drink all your beer.
How many Latin Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A Brazilian.
How do you wake up a loafer	With a shoe horn.
How do you cook toilet paper	You brown it on one side
How did Humpty Dumpty get ripped	Wall-sits.
How did I escape Iraq	Iran.
How did the octopus go to the war	Well armed...
How do wasps send messages	By bee-mail.
How did Harry potter get down the mountain	Running...  JK rolling
How does Dwayne Johnson Party	Like a ROCK Star.
How do you kill lots of Anzacs in a small amount of time	By telling them to get out of the trench
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem	With a pencil...
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	The fact that you think that it's not society, but the light bulb that should change is problematic.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but they'd have to be really small.
How do you identify a bald eagle	All his feathers are combed over to one side.
How many Arabs does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll sit in the dark and blame the Jews
How do you confuse a gay person	Raccoon.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper	All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
How do you circumsize a redneck	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many stream cleaners does it take to change a lightbulb	Sorry, they can only change the floor essence.
How many bones are there in a graveyard	A skeleTON.
How do you get someone to pay child support	Blackmail.
How is Batman different from a black man	Batman can go in a store without Robin.
How much does a pirate earing cost	A buccaneer
How do Australian bees please the queen bee	They bee hive
How come girls always brag about being ""reunited"" with their friends	Quit that shit. You aren't Outkast. You're just two chicks.
How do you make Ben Carson yell	Watch a movie with him.
How long does it take a necrophiliac to screw in a light bulb	Not long... they like to do it while it's still warm.
How far away is the US Army's website	Just a few klicks away.
How did the Mathematician relieve his constipation	He worked it out with a pencil!
How many babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know... I broke the lightbulb after I threw the first one.
How do you make a plumber sad	You kill his family
How does an international banker have a good Friday night	He goes to a bar and slips somebody a Rupee, then gives them a Franc and some Deutsche Marks.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool	Please get out of the pool.
How do you call a play on numbers	A pin.
How many Freudian Analysts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2. One to screw it in and the other to hold the penis---ladder!! I meant ladder...
How do you top a car	You tep on the brake, toopid.
How is a vagina like a cigarette	The closer you get to the butt the stronger the taste.
How did the gay wizard dissappear	He went with a poof!
how to know if a thin girl is anorexic	she posts her nudes in bbw subreddits.
How long does it take a satellite to reach Uranus	Bend over and I'll show you.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles!
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill two and a half men.
How do Jedi warm up for sexy time	Forceplay
How do you know if your girlfriend is too young	you have to make aeroplane noises to stick you dick in her mouth!
How many police does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't, they beat the room for being black.
How Does Moses Make His Tea	Hebrews it
How do you confuse a feminist	Tell her you refuse to allow her to make you a sandwich.
How do aliens stay warm	Space heater.
How do you get an emo out of a tree	Cut the rope.
How can you tell if a woman is wearing pantyhose	If her ankles swell when she farts.
How do you project confidence	Multiply by the cosine of the angle.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking JK Rowling
How many spiders are in your vagina RIGHT NOW	The answer may surprise you.
How do you know a Brigham Young student's been mowing the lawn	The welcome mat is destroyed.
How do you kill a vampire dinosaur	You stakeasaurus.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick it up and suck it's dick.
How tall does the grass grow in Germany	Nein feet tall.
How do you confuse a blonde	You don't. They're born that way!
How does every black joke start	By looking over your shoulder!
How many ""suh dude""s does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. It's already lit fam
How many X does it take to change a light bulb	N! One to change the light bulb, and n-1 to display stereotypical behavioral traits of X!
How to ask for a raise Employee: Sir, I really need a salary increment, 4 companies are after me. Boss: Which 4	Employee: Electricity, Gas, Cable, Credit Card.
How to Get a Girlfriend: Out at Sea Me: *rocks boat* Her: Hey! Me: *rocks faster* Her: Can we PLEASE go steady	Me: I do.
How do you know if someone's an engineer without asking them	Don't worry they'll tell you
How many tickles does it take an octopus to laugh	Tentickles
How many people from Brazil does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A Brazilian!
How do man-eating monsters count to a thousand	On their warts.
How are Harambe and the iPhone the same	it only took one extra hole to kill them both
How are one night stands like savings accounts	...you make a deposit, withdrawal, then lose interest.
How do you stop a rhino from charging	You take away its USB cable.
How many American golf fans does it take to change a lightbulb	1001 1 to offer up the bulb and 1000 to scream 'Get in the hole'
How do Mexicans cut pizza	Little Caesars (say it out loud)
How do you kill a hipster	By drowning it in the mainstream
How does Jesus pull mad bitches	Because he's hung like this! ( extends both arms horizontally)
How man nihilists does it take to change a light bulb	It doesn't matter.
Q: How many MP's does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Twenty-one. One to change it and twenty to form a fact-finding committee to learn more about how it's done.
How do you capture a polar bear	1. Dig a hole in the ice. 2. Place a bunch of peas around the hole 3. When the bear comes up to take a pea, you kick him in the ice hole.
How many black people are needed to change a light bulb	One less now, because the one who tried to steal the light bulb was shot by the cops.
How does a tractor break up with its boyfriend	With a John Deere letter.
How do you catch a bra	You set a booby trap.
How do you get a Warriors fan to stop masturbating	Paint his dick Cavaliers maroon and yellow.
How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive	One terrorbyte.
How do you call a Jew teenager	Jewenile
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends how hard you throw them.
Q: How do you drown a blonde	A: When he asks for a lifesaver ask him what flavor he wants.
How does a black woman know she's pregnant	When she takes the tampon out the cotton is picked.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	Little caesars.
How would Saitama defeat all S class heroes	Consecutive normal punches
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number, you probably never heard of it.
How did Moses make his coffee	Hebrewed it.
How to you tell the difference between an elephant and a mouse	Try picking them up !
How do you know when a mechanic has a girlfriend	He has one clean finger.
How dumb do you have to be to fly right into my fucking face	This is why we shouldn't allow bees to text.
How many Africans does it take to change a lightbulb	Five, one to change it, and four to dance around for no fucking reason.
How to you make a Hormone	You kick her in the groin.
How do you get your partner to give you head	Put them in a guillotine.
How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Apparently not 8 because my basement is still dark.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light-bulb	None, they just beat up the room for being black.
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her	She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.
How much does it cost to buy multiple prosthetic limbs	An arm and a leg.
How does Moses make tea	Hebrews it! Hahaha, get it? He fucking brews it
How many lonely guys does it take to change a lightbulb	One. But he wishes it took two.
Q: How do you know when you're at a hillbilly wedding	A: Everyone is sitting on the same side of the church.
How do you make sure man will never find something	Name it clit.
How do you know Bernie Sanders got elected	All your stuff has been donated to charity
How's a Volvo just like a woman	The pussy is on the inside.
[Starwars] How can you tell Luke is Uncircumcised	Because he has Force Kin.
How can you tell if a parrot is intelligent	It speaks in Polly-syllables!
How come Hitler never went to the movies	Because he could nazi!
How do you know if a guy was in the Navy SEALs	Don't worry, he'll tell you.
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just wait for it to burn out and follow it around the country for 20 years.
How does a Jew make a cup of tea	Hebrews it
How many liberals does it take to defend America	Nobody knows, they've never tried.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None. Feminists can't change anything.
How many college guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they prefer Natural Light
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying.
How many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have	Limbitless
How many Feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	THAT'S NOT FUNNY
How many Romans does it take to screw in a light bulb	V.
Q: How many drummers does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None. They have a machine that does that now.
HOW MANY BABIES DOES IT TAKE TO PAINT A WALL	Well, since 1 baby could paint 0 walls, it would take infinite babies to paint a wall.
How many country stars does it take to change a light bulb	Six-1 to change the bulb and 5 to sing about how much they miss the old one.
How can you tell if a good ole boy from North Carolina is married	There are tobacco spit stains on BOTH the doors of his truck.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb	Wanna ride bikes?!
How do you know if somebody graduated from Harvard	They'll tell you.
How many honest intelligent caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes	Both of them.
How do you cut pizza	With Little Ceasar's.
How Do Crazy People Go Through The Forest	They Take The Psycho Path
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	apparently not 3, because my basement is still dark.
How do you get alot of people to check out your post	Tag it NSFW and repost it
How did michael hutchence take his drugs	Inxs
How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish	Clickbait.
How's anal like your first car	(x-post from r/funny) You don't really want it, but your dad gives it to you anyways. (From Dark Humor on FB)
How do you make a dead baby float	Root beer and two scoops of dead baby.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just beat the room for being black. *drops mic, gets beat by security*
How many tries did it take to find out if Lance Armstrong was ticklish	One testtickle
How do deaf people tell each other secrets	They wear mittens.
How can you tell when someone is vegan	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	Yes.
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin	Depends on what tune the Devil happens to be playing. Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha.
How much toilet paper do people use on a daily basis	A shit ton.
How do you start a stampede in Ethiopia	Carve a turkey
How many men does it take to change a lightbulb	Not all men.
How did Pinocchio realize he was made of wood	His hand caught on fire.
How many atheists does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to actually change the bulb, and the other to videotape so Christians can't claim God did it.
How often did the asian cow go to the gym	Dairy
How do you get a woman to pick cotton	' Set her tampon string on fire.
How do you confuse a gay	7
How do you pick up older Spanish women	Hola Seniority
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell outta it.
How many philosophers does it take to screw in a light bulb	It depends on the definition of lightbulb.
How does the blind man know when to stop wiping his arse	I don't know, that's why I'm asking you.
How could batman possibly defeat superman	Put him on a horse I'm now going to hell with the rest of you...
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower	You hand the bitch a shovel.
How do snowmen travel around	By iceicle !
How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a  monster	Terrier-fied !
How did the paramedics know Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders in the glove box
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poke her face.
how can you drop a raw egg onto concrete floor without cracking it	Anyway you want, a concrete floor is very hard to Crack!
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	IT'S BEEN DECADES, SOMEONE TELL ME FOR FUCK'S SAKE.
How should you treat a baby goat	Like a kid.
How many feminist does it take to change a light bulb	....Trick Question. they cant change anything...
How do you kill vegetarian vampires	With a steak to the heart.
How do you recognize a rich ethiopian	He only wears Rolex around his waist.
How long can an Owl live	6 1/2 books...
How many nymphomaniacs does it take to screw in a light-bulb	As many as will fit.
How do you interrupt a Redditor's winning streak	The Game
How are men like fuses	Once they're blown, they're useless.
How did the mermaid get into a car crash	...because she was fish tailing!
How did the octopus lovers walk down the road	Arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm.
How do you organize a party in outer space	You planet.
How can you tell that Caitlyn Jenner was once a man	Because she's better at being a woman than most women are.
How many cats	One.
How do you get an iraqi woman pregnant	Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two but it's hard to get them in!
How did the T-Rex feel after his workout session	He felt dinosore.
How does a blonde call for her dog	She puts two fingers in her mouth and then shouts ""Max!"".
How do you change the number of sides on a Pentagon	Intersect it with a plane.
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	In Soviet Russia, lightbulb screws YOU!
How do Japanese politicians say they got their positions	With erections.
How do you get the drummer off your front porch	Pay for the pizza.
How often do lesbian gypsies get their hands read	Every 28 days or so.
How do you get 4 gay guys to sit on 1 bar stool	Flip it upside down.
How many South Dakotans does it take to go ice fishing	Four. One to cut the hole in the ice and three to push the boat through.
How many grammar mistakes does it take to piss off your English teacher	not alot. (Just thought of it, tell me what you think :) )
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a little boogy in it!
How do you deal with ignorant people	I really don't know.
How did Gertie Gorilla make the 'Playboy'  Calendar	She was 'Miss Ape-ril!'
How do you start making big bucks	With a little doe
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on him.. heh
How does a man cut his hair on the moon	Eclipse it
How do you make soup from a computer	It's easy; just throw in a couple of Boolean cubes.
How did the Italian die	Talking while driving.
How do you differentiate a basic bitch from a bad bitch	You pour phenolphthalein on her and watch it turn pink.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb	It takes 1 to screw it in, and 99 to tweet about it.
How was copper wire invented	2 jews fighting over a penny.
How do you eat a DNA spaghetti	With a replication fork (you can also use your zinc fingers...)
How do you call a cow without legs	Ground beef
How do you make a nun pregnant	NSFW Dress her up as an altar boy.
How do dogs do business	Pro-bono
How do you get a full grown elephant on to the subway	You take the ""S"" out of ""Sub"", and then you take the ""F"" out of ""Way"".
How do you stop a Polish tank	Shoot the guy that's pushing it
How are girls and jokes alike	They both tend to suck more the more strung-out they get.
How many MRAs does it take to screw in a light bulb	Tires need changing too you know!
How did the writer pop the question	He per-prosed
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one.
How do they know that Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her Head &amp; Shoulders on the dashboard.
How do you keep black people out of your business	Put up a ""Now Hiring"" sign.
How many Jews can you fit in a car	Two in the front, two in the back and none in the ash tray because the Holocaust never happened.
How much wood can Chuck Norris if Chuck Norris could chuck wood	Chuck Norris would just stare at the wood, and it would chuck itself out of fear.
How did the muslim get cancer	By smoking a lot of fags.
How does Austin Powers decide which guys he will sleep with	(NSFW) By giving them an oral test first. ""If you can gag me, you can shag me!
How did Roman magistrates keep fit	Pontius Pilates.
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Obviously more than 8, because my basement is still dark.
How can you tell if someone got their dog from a shelter	Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do you find a blind guy on a nude beach	It's not hard
How did the obscene telephone caller get  attacked by the Gorilla	He made a mistake and dialled a preyer!
Q: How do you catch a red elephant	A: With a red elephant trap.
How do you recognize a feminist from a bunch of naked women	She's the one with the penis.....envy.
How do you sell a deaf guy a frog	DO YOU WANT TO BUY A FROG? rip.
How did Helen Keller discover masturbation	Trying to read her own lips.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the fresh prints
How long does guacamole last in the fridge	Please say a year.
How do you say doormat in Spanish	Matador
How many dicks can Kim Jong-Un suck at once	He chooses to keeps that information secret.
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe	Because it's fucking close to water.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count	Your girl has to chew before she swallows.
How do you make an Chocolat omelette	With Easter eggs.
Q: How many Capricorns does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: I don't waste my time with these childish jokes.
How do you sink a French battleship	Put it in water.
How do you know if a homeless person has a girlfriend	His clean fingers.
How was copper wire invented	A Dutchman and a Scotsman fighting over a penny.
How did Jeffrey Dahmer make alphabet soup	With 26 characters he met at a party.
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat	When she fits in your wife's clothes.
How do you know that the Invisible Man doesn't have any children	Because he's not apparent.
How often do you use algebra	Equationally.
Q: How many Arians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None: Arians aren't afraid of the dark.
How do you start an Ethiopian rave	Staple some food to the ceiling.
How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb	Five. Four to sit in the dark and cry about it and one to write the song.
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb	You will find out when the light comes on.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	Ten-tickles! Courtesy of Ben Morehead of the Goulet Pen team.
How do you buy hair	You have toupee
How does the moon cut its hair	Eclipse it. Ha.
How many quarters does it take to play the Lord of the rings pinball game	None, it only takes Tolkiens
How many PETA memebers does it take to change a light bulb	None. PETA can't change anything.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll tell you tomorrow.
How come the only people who can open childproof lids are children	My nephew charges me two vicodin just to open the bottle.
How do cows get their gossip	They herd it through the bovine.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Follow the fresh prints.
How do you kill a troll	With a firewall spell.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Follow the fresh prints!
How many cancer patients does it take to change a light bulb	1 and 12 people to say how inspiring it was
How do you get herpes viral infection of the eye	Looking for love in all the wrong places.
How do two gays propose	They both get on all fours and present the ring!
How did the monster cure his sore throat	He spent all day gargoyling.
How many flys does it to take screw in a lightbulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
Q: How many Ethiopians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Three. One to change it and two to squabble over who gets to eat the packaging.
How is a woman like a condom	Both of them spend more time in the wallet than on dick
How do you tell who loves you more. Your wife or your dog	Put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.
How is Donald Trump like a VW Bug	They both spew toxic hot air disguised as being good for Americans.
How did the mathmatician become unconstipated	He worked it out with a pencil
How did Mace Windu from Star Wars die	Through the windu!
How did the grave robber perish when he became trapped in a pyramid	He died of asphinxiation!
How is Christmas like your job	You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
How do you know your sister has started her period	Your Dad's dick tastes like blood
Q: How can you tell if a cat is blonde	A: No matter what height you drop it from it always lands on its  head.
How do they cook a turkey in Russia	They nuke it. OR In Soviet Russia, Turkey fires you!
How do you turn a fox into an elephant	Marry her.
How do you sink a Polish battleship	Put it in water
How do they keep track of books at the sausage library	The Andouille Decimal System
How do you know that Hogwarts is feminist friendly	The entrance is a dumbledore.
How do you turn lead into gold	Start a war.
How much sex do couples have	Newly weds: ""Tri-weekly."" After 10 years: ""Try weekly."" After 30 years, ""Try, weakly.
How do the French defend a city	We don't know, they've never tried it.
How many lazy people does it take to screw in a light bulb	Count for yourself...
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	He walked . . . . . . . . . . . . . J.K..................... Rowling
How Wonderful Did you hear the story of the man that had the great honor of being crushed by a steam roller	He was flattered
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw. Edit: a word
How do you get a gay guy to screw a women	Shit in her pussy.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose	2 calves, an ass, 1 beaver, a shit load of hares, a camel toe, and a fish nobody can find.
How do you mute an Italian	Tie up their hands.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	Fruit salad
How many economists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know. They just keep going on and on about how the last one broke.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Just Juan.
How can you tell male from female ants	Throw them in a bucket of water; if it floats, it's buoyant.
How do you hide money from a Republican	Put it in a science textbook.
Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton from a bunch  of dead bodies	A: He's the stiff one.
How were you conceived	Daddy came on his shoe and kicked mommy in the ass. Or Daddy came on the wall and mommy ran against the wall.
How do you spell onomatopoeia	Just spell it like the way it sounds!
How does a blonde set the time on her alarm clock	She waits until midnight and plugs it back in. Disclaimer: I know it's terrible, I was very young when I came up with it.
How do Jews fight	With JewJitsu
How do you remember your wife's birthday	forget it once.
How do they prevent crime in hamburger country	With burger alarms!
How do you beat George Foreman in a fight	Punch him in the grill
How can you tell when Dracula is sick	By his coughin'
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they don't change anything.
How does the sun cut his hair	Eclipse it.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He sipped his coffee before it was cool
How do magicians hide their boners	The power of missed-erection.
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass	Irresistible.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only 2, but I don't know how they got in there
How does the Pope pay for things online	Papal
How do you recycle a condom	Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it
How was copper wire invented	Two jews found the same penny.
Q: How do you get a cellist to play fortissimo	A: Write 'pp espressivo'.
How do they play Pokemon Go in Gaza Strip	They grab a round rock from the ground and say: ""Pick-a-jew""!
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	You look for fresh prints.
How do you know when you are too drunk to drive	When you swerve to miss a tree and then realise it was your air freshener..
How many fishermen does it take to change a  light bulb	One but you should have seen the bulb it must have been THIS big.
How do you make a woman scream for an hour after sex	You wipe your dick with her pillow
How do you make Lady Gaga cry	You kill her family.
How do you stop an Armenian tank	You shoot the guys pushing it.
How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome	You pull down its genes!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles.
How do you weigh a hipster	In Instragramm
How are having sex in a canoe and American beer alike	They're both fuckin' close to water
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, because the cops are just gonna beat the walls for being black.
How do you reload a cardboard gun	With paper clips.
How do you get a drummer off of your porch	pay for the pizza.
How do you know when a singer is at the door	First they don't know when to come in, and then they can't find the key.
How do you become really unpopular on Reddit	Tell someone they reposted.
How do you quiet a gay baby	Stick a pacifier up its ass
How do you fit 4 guys on a bar stool	Turn it upside-down. But how do you get them off? Shake the stool. ^(OK, I'll leave now.)
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell out of it. Bahaha.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Not 6. My basement is still dark.
How do you kill Donald Trump	You gotta guess for this one hint: it's in the name? It's a TRUMPet
How do you make a dead baby float	Nail a piece of styrofoam to its head.
How much for the sentient racist skeleton	Sir, that's Ann Coulter...
How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute a like	If the rubber breaks, you're dead.
How do most bakers get their start in the industry	They knead dough
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the bulb and the other to hold my penisI mean my motherI mean the ladder.
How do you build a boat	Well Im not sure, but I do Noah guy.
How did the english teacher know his student was pregnant	She started missing periods
How many sorority girls does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know, but it must be an odd number because, ""they can't even.
How many Firefly fans does it take to change a light bulb	They wouldn't. They'd rather spend a decade bitching about how it went out.
How do you piss off a gay guy	Fuck his boyfriend in the ass, then wipe your dick on his curtains.
How does Donald Trump tie his shoes	In little knotsies.
How many magazines did the racquetball footwear company make before going out of business	Tennis shoes (Also: can anyone think of a more succinct buildup? It seems kinda unwieldy to me)
How did the dog warn its master that a  Gorilla was approaching	He barked g-r-r-r-illa!
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just Juan.
How do you package a 21st century classical jazz singer	Buble wrap Sorry
How many policemen does it take to change a lightbulb	Eleven. One chief of police to oversee it, and 10 cops to beat the lightbulb until it wants to change.
How is playing a bagpipe like throwing a javelin blindfolded	You don't have to be very good to get people's attention.
How many ""All Lives Matter"" protesters does it take to change a light bulb	None, because they keep on asking why all of the other light bulbs in the house aren't being changed at the same time.
How did the ghost song-and-dance act make a  living	By appearing in television spooktaculars.
How does an ant put on a tie	With a considerable deal of practice and skill and the correct combination of knots in the tie so it can properly be secured on the neck. It's an ant-tie joke.
How many vegetables should you pull out of the ground in one day	None
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None... They just sit in the dark and bitch about it.
How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun	Through the process of cross-examination.
How does the pope refer to his secret superhero identity	It's his altar ego.
How did ""El Chapo"" escape prison	Joaquin.
How does a detective stay cool in hot summer	He works on a cold case.
How do you know your house had chicken pox	It has shingles.
How is Ducktape like the Force	It has a Dark Side, a Light side and it binds everything the galaxy together. Edit:Duct Tape I know, I was tired
How was copper wire invented	Two Armenians were fighting over a Penny.
How do you trap an elephant	! You first dig a hole, second, you fill the hole with ashes, also throw some peas in there. When the elephant stops to take a pea, you kick it in the ash hole.
How do you know your daughter's a slut	Because you never kiss her goodnight.
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it. I'm serious! That Israeli how he does it!
How was 9/11 an inside job	If the planes came from the outside.
How many tickles does it take to effectively tickle an octopus	Tentacles.
How do you turn German beer into American Beer	Drink it
How was Rome split in half	With a pair of Caesars...
Q: How do you catch a rabbit	A: Hide in a meadow and make carrot noises.
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb	[removed]
[Bad joke] How does a Marine like his eggs	Semper-fried! (Bring on the booings and the beatings)
How do you know if someone was in the navy	Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.
How did the pharmacist know his drink was spiked	He fainted after the punch line.
How do you get a stoner to comprehend what you're saying	Put it bluntly.
How did Hitler tie his shoes	With little Nazis
How can you tell if your wife has been screwing all your friends	All their dicks taste just like her twat.
How are blowjobs and hollandaise sauce alike	You can't get either at home.
How do jockeys determine which racehorses are the favourites	They take a gallop poll!
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday	Tell her a joke on a Monday!
How do you fix a broken gorilla	With a monkey wrench.
How do you know when your dog is a bad hot dog	When it's pure bread.
How do you know your sister is having her period	Your father's dick tastes like blood.
How can you help a starving cannibal	Give them a hand !
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic	Their, they're, there
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas	Deep Pan, crisp and even!!
How does a Greek find a sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying!
How many protestors do you need to change a lightbulb	Trick question. Protestors don't change anything.
How many particles are there in a vaccum	It doesn't matter.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You follow the fresh prints.
How do you know your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How many cis-gender white males does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One. And it would be his privilege to help out.
How can transportation be improved in Harlem	? By moving the trees closer together.
How is having a new dishwasher at a kitchen job like being in the Matrix	There is no spoon.
How do you know Jesus loves Japanese food	Because he said he loves miso.
How do you call musicians who produce hit after hit	Hitlers
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They can't change anything.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking... J. K. Rowling
How long does it take to reach the ground from 100 stories up	The rest of your life.
How many telemarkers does it take to change a light bulb	3. One to change the bulb and two to talk about how beautiful the turns were.
How do you say hi to a Muslim in Hawaii	Aloha Akbar.
How do you outsmart a chicken	By thinking outside the bawks.
How do crazy people go through the forest	They take the psycho-path.
How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a can of tomato soup	Read the label.
Q: How many 2nd AD's does it take to  screw in a light bulb	A: Uh...standby I'll check on that.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but I don't know how they'd get in there.
How do men define a ""50/50"" relationship	We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
How many Highlanders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE.
How does a one-legged Chinese man walk	He takes a great leap forward.
How many /r/Jokes users does it take to make a Joke	WRONG! They don't make it, they steal it...
How many guys in the friend zone does it take to light a light bulb	None, they just stand around complimenting it, and get mad when it won't screw.
How does a butcher introduce his wife	Meet Patty
How many Marxists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How long is a china-man	Excuse the question mark, ""How Long"" is in fact a china man.
How can a vegetarian satisfy himself in a non vegetarian Indian restaurant	Naan
How about how some people are SO gothed out but still drive a Ford Focus and shit	! Make your vehicle goth or you ain't shit.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower	Give the bitch a shovel.
How can you tell if a hippie has been in your house	...he's still there
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate food before it was cool
How do you get past trespassing laws	(Original Joke) Only cross in groups of two
Q: How many Accountants does it take to change a light bulb	A: What sort of answer did you have in mind ? A: None-just assume it's changed.
How does Tinkerbell pleasure herself	She hides inside a flower and waits for a butterfly to extend its proboscis.
How do you make stupid children	I don't know, ask your parents.
How do you get a black man out of a tree	Cut the rope.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	that's not funny! &gt;:(
How do you describe a boring, Asian, black and white film	Anti-chromactic
How does a whore relieve herself	She prosti-toots!
How do you kill a circus	You go for the juggler.
How do you make a strawberry shake	You put it in the freezer.
How do you make a cat go ""woof""	Douse it with petrol and toss a lit match. WOOF!
How many assholes does it take to change a lightbulb	It doesn't matter, mine itches so bad it's on fire, providing plenty of light for everyone in the room!
How does a vagina tell time	With a twatch
How do you know a wood pieces history	You check its logbook
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for the fresh prints.
How does a man on a moon get his haircut	Eclipse it.
How did the Welshman find the sheep in the tall grass	Very satisfying.
How to annoy a Redditor	[deleted]
How do you think the unthinkable	With an ithberg!
How do you catch a steroidal fish	With A-Rod.
How does a redhead shave his pubes	Gingerly
How are a full count in baseball and a mutated 2 time convict the same	They both have 3 balls and 2 strikes.
How do you know when a blonde is having a bad day	When she can't find her pencil and there is a tampon behind her ear.
How come Abraham Lincoln never went to jail	Because he was in a cent
How do you clear out an Iraqi bingo parlour	Call out ""B-52
How I get my dick to be 12 inches	I cut it in half
Q: How do you make soup gold	A: You put in fourteen carrots.
How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	More than three because the basement is still dark! *(Just heard this today, even though I know it's probably old!)*
How do you get down from an elephant	You dont. You get down from a duck.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce ""Unionize"".
How do you sink a Swedish submarine	Knock on the hatch.
How do you make a baby cry twice	Rub the blood off your dick on his teddy bear
How do birds record their songs	On duck tape !
How do you know that cats are sensitive creatures	They never cry over spilt milk !
How many chicken eggs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Literally dozens.
Q: How do you make anti-freeze	A: Take away her blanket.
How do you cure a basic bitch	Give her some acid.
How do you refer to a necessary bear	Pandatory. Stupid, I know.
How are American beer and making love in a canoe the same	They're both fucking close to water.
Q: How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb	A: None. The piano player can do that with his left hand.
How did the butcher cure cancer	With salt.
How did Dairy Queen wind up pregnant	Burger King didn't wrap his Whopper
How does an octopus go to war	Well-armed !
Q: How do you get a viola section to play spiccato	A: Write a whole note with ""solo"" above it.
How do you make anti-freeze	Take away her blanket.
how many millennials does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Enough to protest until the government does it for them
How many Brits does it take to change a lightbulb	Manual work ? That's what underpaid Eastern immigrants are for pff
How many 'suh goods' does it take to screw in a light bulb	none its already lit sam hahahah ssoooohh
How can you tell if a clock is hungry	It goes back for seconds
How does Sean Connery ask for Worchestershire sauce	(x-post from askreddit) Worsheshershershosh.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Lift up her sleeve.
How do you know you're talking to a pilot	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does one French arsonist flirt with another one	Voulez-vous bruler avec moi ce soir?
How long does 8 sleep for	Forever.
How much do you weigh after eating Chinese food	Wonton
How do you know if someone is a vegetarian	He is going to tell you.
How do street urchins communicate with each other	Gutterskype.
How do you get a Baby in a bowl	How do you get it out? How do you get a baby in a bowl? With a mixer. How do you get it out? ""With nachos.
How do you prove that your dog loves you more than your wife	Lock them both in the trunk of the car for an hour, then open it up and see which one of them is happier to see you.
How do you organize a space party	You Planet.
How do you REALLY confuse a gay person	Eight.
How do you make a cat go woof	Paraffin and matches.
How do crazy people go through the forest	They take the psycho path.
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia	It would have been called a teeth brush anywhere else.
How do feminists get away with murder	They won't let anyone finger them.
How many groping victims does it take to stop Trump from being president	We're about to find out..
How does Planned Parenthood paint their walls	They go to Home Depot, get paint and rollers Sometimes they hire private contractors Lots of paint and tarps and tape, it's not that fun
How do hurricanes see	-With one eye
How do murderers turn off the lights	Killowatt
How many cats can you fit in a smart car	None, you can't get any pussy in a smart car.
How to fleas travel	Itch hiking !
How many black people does it take to screw in a Lightbulb	26. One to actually do the screwing, and 25 to mindlessly shout YAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
How did skeletons send each other letters in the days of the Wild West	By Bony Express.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke had for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Juan
How deep is a swimming pool	It deep-ends.
How do choo choo train go down many mountain	It go ""TOOT"" then thomas Tank gives tug
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb	Ten - one to hold the light bulb and nine to drink until the room spins! Happy St. Patrick's day!
How many liberals does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but they'll ask for $15 an hour.
How did Little Debby get pregnant	She fell into a box of Ding Dongs
How do you find out if the cat is dead or alive in the Schrodinger's cat paradox	By thinking outside the box
How can you tell that you're getting old	You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Q: How can you tell which tricycle belongs to  the blonde	A: It is the one with the kickstand.
How do infomercial salesmen tell you you're fat	Butt weight! There's more!
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool	Please get out of the swimming pool
How do you make a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the oven at ~~three fifty~~ tree fiddy until it's Bill Withers. Edit:summoning happened.
How many feminists does it take...... ...to change a light bulb	0, woman are so unrepresented in technology that this is not possible.
How many Christian women does it take to change a lightbulb	nun
How are teenaged boys like the enzyme helicase	They both want to unzip your genes! credit goes to Hank from CrashCourse on Youtube :)
How many friend zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb	None. They'll just compliment it way too much and then get pissed when it won't screw.
How did Jack grow his portfolio	He invested in beanstocks!
How do you disappoint a redditor	Come back when this post is 10 hours old for the results!
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	Fruit salad.
How to elephants talk to each other	By 'elephone !
How does Jesus like his meat	Saviory
Q: How many movie directors does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Just one but he wants to do it thirty-two times and when he's done everyone thinks that his last lightbulb was much better.
How do you guys tweet from the toilet	I poop with both hands.
How do you make a car top	You gotta 'tep on the brake 'tupid!
How did the scarecrow win a noble prize	He was *out standing* in his field.
How much did the lawyer charge the prostitute to represent her in court	Nothing, he did her PRO BONER
How many cops does it take to push a Black person down the stairs	None. He *fell*....
How do you annoy Lady Gaga	Poker face.
How do blind people sign contracts	On the dotted line.
How can Donald Trump deport millions of illegal immigrants	By completely ignoring, these are only campaign promises.
How do you now when somebody is retarded on Facebook	Well, its complicated.
How to make a plumber to cry How do you make a plumber cry	You kill his family. :)
How can you tell a mechanic has gotten lucky	He's got one clean finger!
How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter. All they're going to do is stand around and talk about changing it.
How do dogs save for retirement	With a Ruff IRA.
How many cost accountants does it take to change a light bulb	Hmmm........I'll just do a few numbers and get back to you
How do you fit 4 gay men on one bar stool	Turn it upside down.
How do you convince your neighbor to share their water with you	Try to get a long well.
How do you get a New Yorker upset about ISIS terror attacks	Tell them ISIS are Red Sox fans.
How do you know when it's NotTheOnion	When they're still running pieces on Hillary Clinton.
How do you know when it is bedtime at a pedophile's house	When the big hand touches the little hand.
How many hobos does it take to screw in a light bulb	They don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in dumpsters
How do you suffocate a redneck	Tape his mouth shut.
How many computer scientists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's a hardware problem
How the hell does shit hit a fan, exactly	Who is throwing shit around? Why would they do it in a room with a fan? Crazy shit pitchers.
How did Jesus like his chicken	Crucifried
How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw it in and another to stand around and say 'FABULOUS!'
How do you drown a hipster	In the main stream
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. JK Rowling.
How can you tell that a black person used your computer	It's gone.
how many pop punkers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	five, one to drop it and four to two step and PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP!
How do you pick up my ex girlfriend	With a broom and a dustpan.
How are the Twin Towers and Gender Similar	There used to be two, now it's offensive to talk about.
How many French people does it take to bake a baguette	8. Because then they have wheat.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How did Han Solo enter the world	On the perineum falcon!
How did the mathematician solve his constipation problem	He worked it out with a pencil.
How did Darth Vadar know what Luke got him for Christmas	He felt his presence
How do you make a ginger snap	Call them ""carrot top
How do the jews comunicate	With smoke signals
How does a flight of steps check out a woman	It stares.
How does loose leaf watch TV	Paper-view
How do u get a pool table to laugh	tickle its balls.
How do you get your girlfriend to stop smoking	? Slow down and grab some lube!!
How does Moses make coffee	Hebrews it
How many sith lords does it take to change a light bulb	None. They like it on the dark side.
How do you confuse one whom is gay	Seven
How many programmers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. We don't address hardware issues.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Just follow the Fresh Prints
How many ants does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only 2, but fuck if I know how they got in there
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb and one to sell oranges by the side of the highway.
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	About 8000
How many dead hookers do you need to change a light bulb	Dunno. Seven's not the answer though, my basement is still dark
How do you react to the fragrance of a bottle of wine from the year 2000	Smells like teen spirit.
How many people does it take to circumcise a whale	Foreskin divers
How are women and tornadoes alike	They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
How do you get a witch pregnant	You fuck her
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb	........to get to the other side
How do you enter a brothel in Westeros	Through the Hodor!
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister's chin.
How is eating pussy like smoking a cigarette	As you get closer to the butt, the flavor gets stronger.
How do frogs die	They kermit sucide
How does a woman differ from a computer	You can actually punch information into a computer.
How is a girlfriend like a pronoun	Your's is possessive
How was copper wire invented	One copper coin, two dwarves.
How many NBA finals does Lebron plan on losing	not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4 not 5 not 6 not 7
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick it up and suck its dick...
How can you tell that truckers like nuts	They always have pecans! (Read aloud)
How do you know when a black chick is pregnant	When she pulls out her tampon and all of the cotton is missing..
How do you power a fleshlight	With sexual batteries!
How do you keep redditors in suspense	I dunno, I'll tell ya tomorrow
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a lightbulb	None- that's hardware.
How many PETA members does it take to change light bulb	none, PETA can't change anything.
How many pessimists does it take to change a light bulb	One, although it's probably screwed in too tight anyway.
How do you know your man is cheating	When he drives by her place the wifi connects
How does Moses make his coffee	Hebrews
How do we know that hamburgers love classic  music	They're often found at the Meatropolitan Opera House and Cownegie Hall!
how did the Russian babysitter win the race	She got ahead LOL
How can you tell if a hippie has been at your house	He's still there.
How do you make a woman scream	You fuck her in the ass. How do you make her scream again? You wipe your dick off with the drapes.
How do Eskimos make things stick together	Igloo
How manyh grad students does it take to change a light bulb	One, but it takes 7 years.
How do you separate the men from the boys in Sparta	With a crowbar.
How many Mexican reposters does it take to make me mad	Just Juan
How do you tell a boy tree from a girl tree	Boy trees have woodpeckers.
How does the Terminator lose weight	By counting Kylereese.
How many blacks does it take to screw in a light blulb	Three Fifths
How do you save a suicidal procrastinator	Tell them it can probably wait 'til tomorrow.
How tall is Luke Skywalker	Six foot force :)
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank the coffee before it was cool...
How's the oil industry doing these days	It's in the tank.
How do you make a whore moan	You don't pay her.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	Potato.
How do you get in with a pretty nurse	You need to be patient.
How many Psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. But the light bulb has to want to change.
How many rudeboys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Twenty. 1 to drop it, 19 to go ""Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up"".
How is a woman like an Electrical Fuse	When they blow, you got no power!!
How many vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger	One if nobody's looking.
How do you fit 42 Jews into a Volkswagen bug	1 in the drivers seat, 1 in the passengers seat, and 40 in the ash tray.
How do People in New Orleans have their beer	Watered Down
How come Spider-Man didn't get the most obvious spider trait	Black.
How did the emu feel when his friends disowned him for being too big	Ostrich-sized.
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	Well it's not eight, 'cause my basement is still dark
How many Karma whores does it take to screw on a lightbulb	When this reaches 500 upvotes I'll tell you.
How many religious women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Nun. I'll^hear^myself^out... EDIT: Formatting
How much does a hipster weigh	An Instagram
How do you cause a riot at a cat show	Open a can
Q: How can you tell if it's a trombone player you're kissing	A: You feel his hand going up your ass!
How do you know that an introvert likes you	He looks at your shoes instead of his.
How do Eskimo fleas stay warm	A flea's blanket.
How many white people does it take to screw in a light bulb	All of them. One to hold the bulb and the rest to screw the world.
How do historians know that Joseph wasn't Jesus' dad	Because when you're a carpenter in the desert you can't get wood.
How did Helen Keller meet her husband	On a blind date!
How do skeletons greet each other	Bon'nichiwa
How many bros does it take to change a light bulb	None. They prefer Natural Light.
How to make money on youtube	Step 1. Submit a false claim Step 2. Collect that money Step 3. ???? Step 4. Massive profit for doing nothing
How many Viet Nam vets does it take to change a light bulb	You don't know? That's right, you *don't* know, because you weren't there, man!
How do you know when spring is here	the Leafs are out!
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb, and one to hold the penis. I mean the ladder. One to hold the ladder.
How many 2nd trumpets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They can't get that high! (My band teacher told me that one today)
How did you quit smoking	Decided to smoke only after sex
How does William Shakespeare make chili	With beans? Or not with beans? That is the question.
How do you say Constipated in German	Farfrompoopin
How did the Jamaican meteorologist report the risk of flash flooding	Mon, soon.
How much porn did Jared Fogle have on his computer	A pedobyte.
How do you know if your roommate is gay	When his Dick tastes like shit
How are one out of three American Boats born	By Sea-Section.
How do you defeat your enemies	Chop off their feet.
How does a burger acquire good taste	With a little seasoning!
How many toes does Trump have on the outside of his body	5. The rest are constantly in his mouth.
How do you make a journalist laugh	By giving them ar-ticles!
How did Jesus feel after the last supper	A bit cross.
How are condoms like cameras	They capture your special moments.
How do you know if someone's vegan	Someone else will make a vegan joke, then when the vegan points out that non vegans refer to veganism more than vegans do, some jackass will say ""found the vegan
How do you spot a sumo at a feminist rally	Look for the one with shaved legs....
How do you make a Chevy Malibu float	Pour a glass of soda and add two scoops of Chevy Malibu
How do you confuse an idiot	Seven.
How much is an M&amp;M	50 cents. That's Ludicris!
How do you find Will Smith when he's lost in the snow	You look for the fresh prints.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many lawyer jokes are there	3, and the rest are true stories.
How do you call an intelligent blonde	A Labrador.
How does a feminist change a light-bulb	Just kidding, feminists don't change shit.
How does someone become a sex expert	They learn the ins and outs
How did the clerk greet the prostitute	What can I do you for?
How many more times will I watch ""A Walk To Remember"" tonight	As Mandy Moore times as I want to.
How do cats admit they're gay	They come out of the clawset.
how do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	one will see you later, and the other in a while
How do Russians watch online movies	Nyetflix!
How many Irishmen does it take to change a lightbulb	One. He is drunk, and he tells the bulb to screw itself.
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and the other to hold the penis... I meant... The ladder.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart	When she starts her sentence with ""A man once told me...
How do you confuse a man	You don't - they're born that way.
How do you know when it's time to get out of the porn industry	When they hire you a cunt-double.
How many people do you have to kick out of their houses to have a World Cup	Brazilians!
How do you spell coward	S-O-N-Y
How do the Chinese decide on their next porn star	They hold an erection...
How many mods does it take to screw in a light bulb	[removed]
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side!
How come ambassadors never get sick	They have diplomatic immunity.
How many teens does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but you need a really big lightbulb.
How do you turn an Indian woman on	Press the red button.
How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know... I skipped the intro.
How does Lady Gaga like her... ...Steaks	. . . Raw, Raw, Raw Raw Raw!
How do you spot the vegan at a party	They'll tell you.
How do you fit 1000 jews in a Volkswagen	2 in the front, the rest in the ashtray
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist	A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
How was the roman empire cut in half	With a pair of caesars Edit: fixed
How easy is it for wind gusts to talk to each other	-It is a breeze
How do you get Pikachu on the bus	Pokemon
How did my doctor know I have minor IBS	I just asked him to edit my essay; and he said I have semi colon problems. He must be a smart guy; if he can figure that out from my writing.
How much do Americans like racist jokes	Enough to make one President.
How are Asians and Smart Cars similar	They are yellow can they only hold small packages
How do bees get to school	By school buzz !
How are books like dogs	The good ones are hard to put down
How many Russians does it take to change a light bulb	None. In Russia, light bulb changes you.
how do you find Will Smith after it snows	.... look for the fresh prints.
How did the hipster drown	By swimming in the main stream.
How does Frankenstein sit in his chair	Bolt upright.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one but it takes nine visits.
How do you know your sister is on her period	When your dads dick tastes like shit.
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hella.
How does Mulan's boyfriend explain himself when she caught him smoking pot	Shanghai
Q: How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Ve are asking ze qvestions here! A: Two one to give the order that the bulb be changed and one to screw it in.
How do you get an art major off your porch	Pay for the pizza
How do you stop a gang-rape	Throw a basketball in the middle
How to talk to a good girl and bad girl When you talk to a good girl, ask 'How are you	' When you talk to a bad girl, ask 'How much are you?'
How can you a drop a egg on concrete without cracking it	Anyway you want. Concrete doesn't break easily.
How do you drive an accountant completely  insane	Tie him to a chair stand in front of him and fold up a road map the wrong way.
How do you spot the violent kids at the circus	They go straight for the juggler.
How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday	By putting flowers on the grave.
How did the bear kill the man	With his bear hands.
How many US Congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb	Oh, please. Like they've ever changed anything that needed it.
How do you make a neato burrito	With cool beans.
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/jokes	Only one. **/r/Jokes** is **widely known** to be a **breeding ground** for new, **original jokes**.
How do you know if an Asian broke into your house	Your math homework's done, your computer is upgraded, and that little shit is still trying to back out of your driveway.
How can you tell if someone is a chemistry major	They have a mole on their body.
How does a lawyer sleep	He rests his case...
How many rednecks does it take to eat a possum	Two. One to eat it, another to look out for traffic!
How many light bulbs did it take to screw a human	None, there not too bright with doing anything except showing us where to go when were lost in the dark
How did Vladimir Lenin originally get into power	This isn't just a campaign, this is a political *revolution!*
How do you drown a blonde	Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a swimming pool.
How do you separate the Greek men from the Greek boys	A crowbar.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	At least 7. One to screw in the bulb and the others to form a support system. They would also like you to know they're vegan.
How do you scare a man	Sneak up behind him and start throwing rice.
How did Nazi's pickup Jewish Women	With a dust pan and broom
How do pirates know that they exist	They think, therefore they arrrr
How was the Redditor with only one karma upvote able to look like he had five karma upvotes	He was a karma-karma-karma-karma, karma chameleon!
How does a woman take care of her asshole	She packs him a lunch and sends him to work.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee *before* it was cool.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant	Marry it.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant	Marry it!
How do alien hunters keep from oversleeping	They SETI their alarm-y
How many dubstep fans does it take to clean a shower	100. 1 to actually clean the shower, and 99 to stand around and talk about how filthy it is.
How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant	Marry her.
How do you insult an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it is from.
How many Socialists does it take to change a light bulb	None comrade, the bulb holds the seeds to its own revolution!
How many /r/Jokes mods does it take to change a light bulb	[removed]
How do sheep divide candy	They all get their fair shear
How did pirates communicate before the internet	Pier to Pier Networking
How can you find Will Smith in the snow	Because he's black
How do you make an internet addict wait	I'll tell you later.
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one	If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
How does a man who has just had his legs cut off at the ankles feel	Defeated
How many times does 1 go into 0	As Many Times As It Wants!
How did the mathematician deal with his constipation	He worked it out with a pencil
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	No-one: feminists don't change anything.
How do you stick things together like Fred Flinstone	You add a dab of glue.
Q: How does a horny guy spell  relief	A: B-L-O-N-D-E.
How can you make your d bigger	CAPS LOCK
How many 'friend-zoned' guys does it take to change a light bulb	None they just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How do you embarrass an archeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him what period it's from.
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a boogie in it! (Not sure of the spelling, heard it from someone).
How do mountainers send messages	By ski-mail.
How do you bury a pothead	Coughin'
Q: How many newsmen does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Only one but he'll tell everybody.
How do you escape a fascist authoritarian regime	By getting aboard (a) voat
How did Hellen Keller break her arms when she fell down a well	She was shouting for help.
How many Liberals does it take to change a lightbulb	Liberals: Changing the bulb is too extreme. Let's fix the current one in the dark.
How do you confused people in the 90s	Tell them ""In 2016, we will be able to refer to someone as ""Sir and/or Ma'am"" And still be assuming someone's gender.
How many Vietnam veterans does it take to screw in a light bulb	YOU WOULDN'T KNOW SON YOU WEREN'T THERE!!
How many tickles does it take to pleasure an anime character	Ten.
How do you spell ""Pringles"" in Spanish	Pringles
How is Donald Trump going to improve American produce	He is going to make American grapes again.
How do Ghosts get Drunk	Booze.
How do you spot an attention whore on reddit	[-]
How could you tell that the figure skater was a mathematician	Because of the Fibonacci sequins.
How do you find an alive baby in a pile of dead babies	With a pitchfork!
How many 3rd wave feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Whats the point? 3rd wave feminists can't take a joke anyway.
How do you know a shirt has phoned you	Collar ID
How do you make holy water	Fill a pot with water and boil the hell out of it.
How do you make a handkerchief dance	....put a little boogie in it. :| I'm sorry.
How do you get a little old lady to yell the F word	Get another little old lady to yell ""Bingo!
How much electricity is in the ground	1 Terrahertz
how to you get a one armed blonde out of a tree	you wave at her.
How many kids does a sterile German have	Nein.
How can you tell if someone's a Vegan	Don't worry... they'll tell you.
How does Donald Trump rile up his constituency at a rally	Wall Mart workers of the world, unite!!
How did Warren Buffets company survive the economic meltdown	It's a trade secret, but don't worry, Berkshire Hathaway
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree	You wave hello!
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. You don't need a lightbulb when you have a glass ceiling.
How do these presidential candidates sleep at night	! With an electorate blanket.
How did Kobe Bryant go on his math test	He didn't pass.
How do you know if you've fallen in love with an apple from France	Your heart goes ""pomme pomme ... pomme pomme ...
How does a blonde man get really rich,stupid and a candidate for president	small loan of 100 million dollars
How do you get an elephant into a matchbox	Take all the matches out first !
How is a hipster like a pedophile	They both get into things before it's cool.
How can you tell when a politician is lying	His lips are moving.
How many absurdists does it take to change a lightbulb	Yarn.
How do you measure a Lego figure's shoe size	In square feet.
How did the Nucleus escape from prison	through the cell wall.
How many Brexiters does it take to change a lightbulb	Woah woah woah... I never said there was a lightbulb!
How do you get your pigs to sleep at night	No problem. Everyone here goes to bed with the chickens. You must have a very large chicken house.
How does the captain know the aircraft is safely at the ramp	Both the engines and the co-pilot stop whining.
How do you keep a blonde waiting	I'll tell you tomorrow.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten-tickles. I'm sorry, everyone.
How do you make an epileptic dance	Throw a flashbang into the room.
How many mystery writers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw it almost all the way in and one to give it a surprising twist at the end.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	Ten tickles
How do you know humans can't reincarnate as insects	You've ever gotten one bug bite not on your crotch (or tits).
How do you kill a hipster	by drowning them in the mainstream
How do you know when a bass player and drummer are at your front door	The knocking is out of time and they don't know when to come in.
How do you get a Criminal to stop running	Play the national anthem
How many friend zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they will all just stand there complimenting it and get pissed when it wont screw.
How long does it take for a White woman to take a crap	9 Months.
How cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly	Electro*cute*
How did the tugboat get AIDS	It was rear-ended by a ferry.
How do you make cottage cheese	You shake a baby.
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen Do	Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
How do sheep sign their e-mails	Ewes sincerely.
How to stop pedophilia worldwide	Kill all the children.
How'd Florida man break his leg raking leaves	He fell off the palm tree
How can you tell when the stage is level	The drummer is drooling equally from both sides of his mouth.
How do you make a hormone	Refuse to pay.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbult	To get to the other side.
How do you kill a one legged fox	Make him run across Canada
How do you start a rave in ethiopia	Tape a piece of toast to the roof.
How is Sandusky like a tortoise	He gets there before the hair...
How do you make a pool table laugh	Jiggle its balls
How do you confuse a blind person	Toss them a basketball and ask them to read it.
Q: How is Clinton's health care reform a lot like his haircut	A: It is a lot more expensive than it looks.
How do you call a Jamaican mountain	High ground
How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox	Tell them it floats!
How does a secret agent have sex	He does it undercover!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the Fresh Prince.
How do you feel when there's no coffee	Depresso.
How do you compliment a scarecrow	Tell him he's outstanding in his field!
How does NASA prepare for an organized event	They planet!
How do you get down off an Elephant	You don't. You get down off a duck.
How many buddhists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they enlighten themselves.
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It doesn't matter, they'll just compliment it a lot and then complain because it won't screw.
How do you tell if water is true or false	Bring it to a bool.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies	A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
How do you call a cross-dressing father of two	Transparent
How do you piss off a female archaeologist	Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it's from
How is American beer comparable to having sex on a boat	It's fucking close to water.
How do elves spell	With an elfabet.
How many JokeExplainBots does it take to change a lightbulb	**Lightbulbs** are easily threaded by one person, **usually** with one hand. Doot.
How do you know when your dad just got a blowjob	You can taste it in your sister's mouth.....
How do you call the mexican who lost it car	Carlos
How do locomotives know where they're going	Lots of training.
How many bad joke tellers does it take to screw in a light bulb	One.
How many reposts does it take to change a subreddit	More than we have now. This sub is still shit.
How do you tell if Donald Trump is in your house	I sas Donald Trump today in my house, he had a gun.
How many Filipinos can you fit on a jeepney	One more.
How did hitler rise to power	He didn't everyone else just fell.
How do you make a little boy cry twice	(NSFW) You wipe your bloody dick on his teddy bear
How did your mom know you hadn't washed your face	I forgot to wet the soap.
How do you find blind man on a nudist beach	It's not hard
How do you tell the time in the US	By looking at a bomb
How do you see countries neighboring Russia	Ukraine your neck.
How are pimples and a priest different	Pimples don't come on your face until you are 12.
How did experts know Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her Head &amp; Shoulders in the glove compartment.
How do moms from West Virginia know when their daughters start their period	Their son's dick starts tasting like blood
How many republicans does it take so screw in a light bulb	None, Obama's already screwed it for you. (Thanks, Obama)
How did Hitler lose weight quickly	Juice cleanse.
How is a meditating monk and a fiber-optic cable similar	Total internal reflection.
How do you make a Vietnamese girl pregnant and rich at the same time	Give her the dong.
How did the pirate fix the hole in his pants	He used an eyepatch
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic	There, they're, their...
How do you blindfold a chinese person	Put floss over their eyes
How do you make a hormone	Just don't pay her
How does someone stop ISIS	Change their name to past tense, WASWAS.
How are lawyers and apples similar	They both look good hanging from a tree
How do Jewish mothers prevent wrinkles	Oil of Oy Vey.
How do you call the piece of fat around the vagina	A woman.
How do you spell me	M E."" ""No you forgot the D."" ""There's no D in me."" ""Not yet."" It's a classic, my friend got me with this right after I got him with the ""duck weigh"".
How does a mathematician get to work	He derives!
[1st date] Me: ""So, what do you do	Her: ""I'm a Herpetologist."" Me: ""Great! [pulls pants down] How bad is this?
How do you keep a club exclusively for straight edgers	You weed out the rest
How do you get a fat girl into bed	Piece of cake
How do you identify a Vegan, Crossfitter, Navy SEAL, or tranny	Don't worry about it, they will tell you.
How much room is needed for fungi to grow	As mushroom as possible.
How do you have a party in space	! YOU PLANET! :D
How many ears does Spock have	A right ear, a left ear, and the final front ear.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a lightbulb	(From a comment in this subredit) YOU DON'T BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!
How many cancer patients does it take to change a lightbulb	One, and ten people to stand around clapping and saying ""Aww, how brave.
How do you know you've found Christopher Walken's house	It has a recognizable gait
How do you blow a tranny	Depends on your definition of a tranny
How do you get 1000 dead babies into a phone booth	A blender. How do you get them out? Tostitos
How to get a liberal arts graduate off of your porch	Pay him for the pizza
How do you start a racist joke	With a small million dollar loan from his father.
How many factory farmers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they would rather keep you in the dark!
How do you know if a homeless man has a girlfriend	He has two clean fingers.
How do you teach a Jew to pay attention	You send him to a concentration camp.
How many C++ programmers does it take to change a light bulb	You're still thinking procedurally! A properly designed light bulb object would inherit a change method from a generic light bulb class!
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb	None. According to Trump, they outsourced it to India &amp; China.
How do churches stay so strong	They pray on the weak.
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	Twelve, one to change it and the other eleven to start a support group called ""recovering from the darkness
How do you say genius sarcastically	Apple genius.
How do you tell which truck is the mail truck	It has huge balls on it. Credit goes to the 70 year old man who just came into my work and made my day.
How do you circumsise a redneck	Kick his sister in the chin.
How many goals did Germany score	A brazillian
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Apparently more than 40, because my basement's still dark
How does an Asian Cowboy say Hello	Ni-Hao-dy
How is ""Shark spotted swimming off the coast"" news worthy	Now if a shark was seen walking off the coast that's different.
How to cure affluenza	Introduce him to Warhammer.
How was Rome cut in half	With a pair of Caesars.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk	A: The cow fell on her.
How do you juice an orange	Play with its citorus
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's an obscure number, you wouldn't know it.
How can I face the problem	When my problem is my face!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for the Fresh Prince.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. Edit: lol it flaired accurately
How did Jesus pay for our sins	Pray-Pal
Q: How does a blonde hemophiliac treat herself	A: Acupuncture.
How many Dependent P.D. does to take to  change a lightbulb	None he's still clinging to the old lightbulb.
How do you make a dog say meow	Put it in the freezer, then get a chainsaw and cut it. MEEEEEEEOOOWWW!!
how do you know when a prescription is being written for bulimia	when the directions for use say take one pill twice a day
How does a farmer count cows	with a cow-calculator.
How do you tell the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	Rectal thermometer tastes like shit
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the bulb &amp; one to hold my dick, I mean my mum, I mean the ladder
How Pokemon go came to be Customers: ""Niantic, can we have 151 Pokemon	Niantic: ""147 Pokemon? You want to have 145 Pokemon?! What are you going to do with 142 Pokemon?!
How do you make Aquaman cool	Put him in water!
How many ears does Spock have	The left ear, the right ear and the Final Front-ear.
How many leftists does it take to change a lightbulb	8,000 to protest against the broken lightbulb but 0 to realize it won't change anything.
How do you find Will Smith in the winter	You search for Fresh Prints.
How does a feminist change a lightbulb	By holding the bulb up to the socket and waiting for the world to revolve around them.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, as long as there's a bed inside.
How do you get Squirtle, Charmander and Pikachu onto a bus	You pokemon.
How did the OBGYN win the election	He was able to stirrup some controversy about his opponent with his effective smear campaign.
How do you turn a cock into a clock	Put two hands and a face on it.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce the word unionized.
How many blondes does it take to screw a light bulb	? Just 1...blondes will screw anything.
How can you tell a black person is lying	His lips are moving.
How many NorCal kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hella
How many scientists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's what interns are for.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple a piece of bread on the ceiling
How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game	Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots
How can tell your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How do you feel when there is no coffee	Depresso
How can Russia love pickles and vodka but hate gay people	They have such similar interests
How do you make a lemon orgasm	You rub its cituris.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How do you know Bono is selfish	He does a lot of Pro-Bono work.
How many french men does it take to conquer Paris	No one knows, it's never been done.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Roll up her sleeve
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	One. One to bitch about it so a white knight will do it for her.
How many years before we forget if 9/11 was in '00 or '01	15 or 16
How do you call a blond who changed her hair color to brown	Artificial Intelligence!
How does software eat it's food	By taking large bytes!
Q: How many senators does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Two to sponsor the bill and thirty-three to constitute a  quorum.
Q: How many PA's does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Nine........one to do it and eight others to wish they'd been asked.
How does every racist joke begin	By glancing around the room.
How much for that babysitter	Ma'am, that's a roll of duct tape I'll take it!
how do you make pickle bread	with dill dough
How do you circumsize an Alabama man	Kick his sister in the chin.
How would you describe sex with a midget covered in sugar	Short and sweet
How do skeletons make a baby	They bone
How do you know if a guy has an asian wife	He'll tell you.
How many bassists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None the keyboardist can do it with his left hand.
How many men does it take to close the toilet seat	No one knows yet!
How would you tell if the Queen was stoned	Her Highness will tell you
How do you get a Catholic nun pregnant	Dress her as a choirboy
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Just look for the fresh prints.
How do you fit 20 Jews in a Cadillac	One in the driver's seat, one in the passenger, three in the back, and the rest in the ash tray.
How do you tell the teams apart in Amish women's basketball	It's skirts versus shins.
How do you make 5 pounds of ugly fat really attractive	Put a nipple on it!
How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just sit in the dark and cry.
How do you get a parrot to talk properly	Send him to polytechnic !
How does the universe throw a party	They planet.
How many Buddhists does it take to change a light bulb	None, the changes necessary will come from within.
How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb	lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn
How do you have a sexy barbecue	You grill the sausage.
How are husbands like lawn mowers	They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.
How do you make a tissue dance	Put a little boogie in it!
How much is Hillary Clinton's life insurance	Just one bill.
How do you make a tissue dance	Put a little boogie in it.
How are Women and Hurricanes Similar	They both come in hot and wet and **TAKE THE LAWN CHAIRS WE BOUGHT TOGETHER, SARAH YOU BITCH!**
Q: How can you tell the dumbest actress  working on a movie	A: She's the one sleeping with the writer.
How come there are no Jared Fogle jokes on reddit	No I mean it im just asking,
How many rappers does it take to change a lightbulb	Two!.......pac. ^(*It's a lot better spoken than written.*)
Q: How many art directors does it take to screw in a light bulb A: Does it have to be a light bulb	I've got this neat candle holder...
How Swift is Kanye	About as West as Taylor
How are blind kids punished by their parents	The parents move the furniture.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking. Jk rowling
How does Jackie Chan karate chop things over there	AYA!!
How does a baritone make phone calls	Song distance!
How long does it take for a newborn to fall from the empire state building	About 16 seconds
How long does it take Putin to give his car an oil change	Nyet long. He's always Russian.
How did the depressed man get around town	Moped
How did Satan turn an unbeliever holy	He scared the hell out of him.
How do you get 4 old ladies to yell ""Shit!""	Get a 5th old lady to yell ""Bingo!
How many apples grow on trees	All of them..
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb	None. The Russians did it apparently.
How did Helen Keller discover masturbation	She tried to read her own lips.
How do you make an octopus laugh	By giving it ten tickles *badumts*
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm...	(Rated G) Look for fresh prints...
How did the instructor try to make horse riding  enjoyable	He tried to stirrup some interest!
How do you starve a neurosurgeon	Hide his paycheck with his kids.
How do you make a blondes eyes shine bright	Shine a torch in her ear!
How does a viola greet a relative	Cello!
How does Jack Frost get to work	By icicles
How do you know Kurt Cobain didn't have dandruff	A bit of his head and shoulders were found behind the couch.
How do you turn a Fox into a Pit Bull	Marry her !
How does a WWE wrestler like his eggs	Raw
How did the blind man know Santa was in his house	He felt his presents.
How does Megatron get away with raw-dogging it	Decepticondoms.
How did the elephant get into the room	We don't talk about it...
How did the farmhand get a job at reddit	He put ""excellent reposter"" on his resume.
How do priests make holy water	They bless the hell out of it.
How many dicks do you have to suck before you know you're gay	Three, two for fun and one just to make sure.
How many accountants does it take to change a light bulb	What kind of answer did you have in mind?"" Two one to change the light bulb and one to check that it was done  within the given budget.
How do lesbians keep things interesting in the bedroom	They think outside the box.
How Many Martians Does It Take to Screw In a Lightbulb	At least two, but they have to be pretty small to fit.
How ""thoughts of suicide"" became an acceptable drug side effect: ""How do you feel	I kind of want to kill myself."" ""Ok.
How did I get out of Iraq	I ran
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Approximately 1.000000 with an error of +/- 1  millionth.
How do magicians retire	They seem to just disappear.
How did Brandon Lee's wife get pregnant	The prop guy said he was shooting blanks!
How do redneck Na'vi get their skin tone	Blue Genes... I'll be here all week
How does a SQL expert get a date	getDate() ^(I really hope this doesn't do well, so cheap, so stupid, just had to write it when I thought of it)
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. If engineered correctly.
How on earth can you defend a man like Adam Johnson	it's easy, he's all left foot - just constantly show him down the right side and don't let him cut in.
How many pretty girls are there at a monastery	Nun.
Q: How does Bill keep Gennifer Flowers away  from the White House	A: He keeps offering to send Ted Kennedy over to give her a ride.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb	Let's go ride bikes!
How long does it take to cook a baby in the microwave	No clue. Too busy masturbating.
How does a space class start a party	They planet!
How do you lose 30 pounds in 1 Minute	Go to England and buy something
How many Polish people does it take to be pallbearers at a funeral	Seven. Six to carry the casket and one to drag the body
How is today Monday	It was Friday only a few hours ago...
How do you Think the Unthinkable	With an Itheburg.
How many Android users does it take to buy an iPhone	Zero. Apple doesn't accept EBT.
How do vampires like their tea	With a old tampon in it.
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	She can fit into your wife's clothes.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends how hard I throw them.
How do you greet a British programmer named Cathryn	'Allo-cate
How do you know a joke is a repost	It's on the front page
How many NRA members does it take to stop a 6-year-old paraplegic from stealing a candy bar	Nobody knows - they usually lose count at 800 rounds.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	You tape a loaf of bread to the ceiling
How does Alfred call batman for dinner	Dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner batman!
How did the alien tie his shoes	With an astroknot.
How does an ethiopian open a beer	With his ribs
How does a sloth hang itself	By trying to jump rope.
How is the Battle for Hogwarts like a Black Friday sale	Weasley twins are 50% off
How do you make an archaeologist blush	Give them a dirty tampon and ask them what period is this from.
How many /r/ users does it take to change a lightbulb	Three. One to do it, one to complain that it has already been done before, and one to repost this joke.
How do you reuse a condom	You turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How many feminists you need to change a lamp	That's not funny...
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One.
How do you make a 6 year old cry twice	Wipe your bloody dick off with her teddy bear.
How many livers do people have	I want to make sure I have a backup before I put this thing on Ebay.
How do you kill an African child	Wait 5 minutes.
How many potatos does it take to kill an Irishman	None.....
How did the blonde burn her nose	Bobbing for french fries.
How did Hitler achieve 99 firemaking	He burned yews.
How do you eat a bald pussy	You remove her diaper first.
How do you know the toothbrush was made in France	Anywhere else it would've been the ""teethbrush
How do you make a kilogram of fat appealing	Put a nipple on it
How did the Mexicans get across the border	They went through Juan by Juan. ^Forgive ^me.
How many nuns can a nunchuck chuck if a nunchuck could chuck nuns	Nun.
How are bisexual men and bisexual women the same	They both think girls are really great but won't admit they just need to be filled by cock.
How do you call a person that speaks only one language	An American
Q: How is a marriage like a hot bath	A: Once you get used to it it's not so hot.
How does the man on the moon cut his hair	Eclipse it
How hot was that oven	That they baked you in? Because you're hotter than a freshly baked Pizza!
How do you kill a black man	Hide his food stamps in his work boots.
How do you cut off a redneck's dick	Kick his sister in the jaw
How do you break a Polacks finger	Punch him in the nose.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in a microwave until it's Bill Withers.
How many New Yorkers does it take to change a light bulb	Mind yer own fuckin' business!
How many beans are in Irish Chili	239, because if there was 1 more it would be ""Too Farty"".
How come computers are soo smart	It is because they listen to their motherboard.
How do you call black man that is flying a plane	a pilot, you racist
How many wrinkles does an asshole have	Smile and ill start counting
How do you know if someone is an Alabama fan	Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many second violinists does it take to change a light bulb	None. They can't get up that high!
How to explain non-alcoholic beer	It's like eating your sisters pussy, the taste is the same but you know something is not right.
how does every racist joke start	with a look over your shoulder.
How do you get 1000 cows into a barn	? - hold a bingo !!
How do you make a horse fast	You take away his food.
How do you know an r/jokes mod is a cyberman	[deleted]
How do you turn a fox into a cow	Marry her
How are woman and tornadoes alike	They both moan like hell when they come and take the house when they leave.
How do you drown a blonde	Stick a scratch and sniff to the bottom of a pool.
How does a sailor remove a condom	He farts
How do you make an idiot think he's a duck	Tell him he's a duck.
How do fish get high	Seaweed
How can you tell the difference between a weasel and a stoat	One is weasely identifiable while the other is stoatally different.
How did Henry V reload his rifle	Once more into the breech, dear friends
How can you tell a dog from a tomato	The tomato is red.
How many Swedes does it take to clean a men's bathroom	None because they pee sitting down.
How are women like tornadoes	At first there's lots of blowing and sucking, then your house is gone.
How do pirates agree with each other over long distances	With their aye-phones.
How is a woman like a condom	Both spend more time in your wallet than on your pecker.
How do you feel about tapes and cds	Well you're gonna love it when I tape my dick to your forehead so you can see dees nuts on your face.
How do you make a plumber cry	murder his family.
How many Redditeers does it take to post a Super Bowl ""I'lll pass"" joke	apparently all of them...
How do 2 psychics greet each other	Hello, how am I?"" ""You're fine, how am I?
How do you know if a girl is ticklish	Give her a testicle.
How many people in Brazil shave	A Brazilian.
How does Harry Potter get down a hill	.....He walks Jk Rowling
How do you get a nun pregnant	by having sex with her
How do color blind people see porn	In fifty shades of gray
How do you get a fat girl into bed with you	A piece of cake
How do you know the name of a Pokemon	It will tell you.
How do you know if you're at a gay guys cookout	? The hot dogs taste like shit!
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a fish	Lightbulb.
How do you choose a stupid policeman from a group of policemen	At random.
How do tacos fair in a war	They tend to be shells of their former selves
How does Moses get his tea ready	Hebrews
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	Suck its dick
How do you confuse a Republican	Wrap an unarmed black man in the American Flag
Q: How many Bill Clintons does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None--He'll only promise ""change.
how do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
How many Hispanics does it take to change a light bulb..	Just Juan.
How much do pirates pay for corn	A buck an ear!
How does a French woman hold her liquor	By the ears.
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in zero lightbulbs	Indeterminate
How many black men does it take to screw in a light-bulb	Just 1 because we are all equal and race has no impact.
How many teenage mutant ninja turtules does it take to screw in a light bulb	Five. It's a huge problem.
How do you get into a haunted house	By using a spookey!
How many men escaped the destruction of Sodom	A Lot.
How do you find Illuminati's secret hideout	You triangulate their position!
How do you fit an elephant into a safeway bag	You take the 's' out of safe and the 'f' out of way.
How do you torture Hellen Keller	Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
How many drugs did Charlie Sheen take	Enough to kill two and a half men.
How do you get a hippie pregnant	You cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
How did the Italians lose WWII	They ordered ziti instead of shells.
How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of the mexicans	Juan by Juan
How many chiropractors does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. But it takes about 8-10 visits.
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	it's a pretty obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
How many radical feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	That's not funny.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose	2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a shitload of hares, 1 camel toe and a fish nobody can find.
How long does it take for a baby to explode in the microwave	I dont know, I close my eyes when I masturbate
How many Dallas Cowboys fans does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't. They just talk about when it did work.
How do you separate two blind people fighting	You just simply shout: ""I'm supporting the one with the knife!
How do you make a pheromone	Tell him to let your people go.
How did the massage therapist lose all of his customers	He rubbed them all the wrong way
How many Dell Service Reps does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know, I am on hold.
How many MRAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Trick question, MRAs never get to screw anything.
How can you tell the clan of a Scotsman	Look under his kilt, if it's a quarter-pounder, he's a McDonald.
How to be a grown up at work	Always smile and replace ""fuck you"" with ""OK great
How do you milk a sheep and make a profit	Remove the audio jack
How many journalists does it take to change  a light bulb	We just report the facts we don't change them.
How do you kill a fox	Cut off a leg and make it run across Canada
How do I stay humble	Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.
How do you fit 100 dead babies in a barrel	with a blender. How do you get them out? With a straw.
How do you get to a position of power in a science lab	Work over time
How do blondes carpool	They meet up a work
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	Five. One to change the bulb and four to beat the shit out of the black guy who was originally hired to change the bulb.
How did our grandparents killed time when there were no Smartphones and Internet	I already asked my mom, her four sisters and five brothers.
How does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time	She takes off her glass eye
How many philosophers does it take to... ...change a light bulb	Define ""light bulb"".
How did Caitlyn Jenner and Kanye West settle an argument	They went outside and exchanged blows.
How do normal people vs feminists laugh	Normal People: HeHeHe... Feminist: SheSheShe..
How do Rabbis make money	They keep the tips.
How is Disneyland like Viagra	An hour wait for a 30 second ride.
How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb	MORE GUNS!!!
How do you know if someone is a socialist	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, feminists don't change anything.
How do Japanese people refer to American politicians	Parti-san
How Long is a China-man	I always thought he was Korean.
How do you fix a broken Tuba	Tuba glue.
How many marshmallows does it take to get to the moon	Purple, there are no bones in ice cream!
How did I find out my sister was on her period	I tasted her blood on my father's dick.
How did Helen Keller lose her arm	Trying to read the road signs!!!
How would you describe the average bully	Mean.
How many professional soccer players does it take to change a light bulb	Six. One to change the bulb, and five to hug and kiss him.
How do you know you're on the phone with a meth head	When comcast puts them on hold and they don't hang up
How do you know when your sister is on her period	When your dad's dick tastes like blood.
How do you give a solipsist an existential crisis	You tell me.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce the word ""unionized.
Q: How does a woman scare a gynecologist	A: By becoming a ventriloquist!
How can we make people tell the truth	Lets make them put one hand on a book & the other on their chest. That'll scare the shit out of em
How do you cut down a hipster tree	A suuh dude!
how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	ten tickles
How many Irish does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to hold it in the socket and the other to drink until the room starts spinning!
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman	(NSFW) Shit in her cunt
How did Mars feel when the colonists were approaching	Terra-fied.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	They don't, they just shoot the room for being black.
How do you get an 80 year old woman to say f***	Have another 80 year old woman yell ""bingo!
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You wouldn't know, it's kind of an obscure number. Edit: I get it, this joke is just too far-fetched for you mainstreamers to understand.
How does a spider know if he just had sex with an actual female	She eats him alive afterward.
How did Moses make his tea	Hebrews it
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. The hard part is getting them into the light bulb.
How do mussels reproduce	They shuck eachother.
How do you know a redneck invented the tooth brush	We would have called it a teeth brush
How do you figure out how sensitive a man's balls are	Test tickles
How did Saddam deal with his leftovers	He used sarin wrap
How many skunks do you need to make a house really smelly	Just a phew!
How many bears would Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears	None. He'd eat them raw!
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. We're very efficient and not very humorous
How many Serbs does in take to change a Lighbulb	It doesn't matter..Theres a Blackout!
How many Chinese people does it take to change a light bulb	Only one but he has to manufacture it first.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Juan
How many prostitutes can you kill before the FBI gets involved	Asking for a friend.
How did Pinocchio figure out he was made of wood	He was jacking off one day and his hand caught on fire.
How many SEC football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	1. And they get 3 credits for it.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Tripping... J.K. Rowling
How do you stop a dog who's humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his dick.
How is the iPhone 6 like /r/gonewild	They both give you tightness in the pants. I'll see myself out...
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as a choirboy.
How do you catch a slutty bee	With a hornet.
How does Dracula keep fit	He plays batminton.
How does ISIS cool down in the summer time	In a blow up pool
How do you tell if someone is ticklish	Testicles.
How do you call a USB stick in Russia	A put-in
How many Egalitarians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Doesn't matter, they'll just screw it one rotation one way and one rotation the other way and call it equality.
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat	When She fits in your wife's clothes.
How many Chinese people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, while the rest were kung fu fighting
How do you make a coffee sad	You mocha...
How is the Easter Bunny like Shaquille O'Neal	They're both famous for stuffing baskets!
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	When she can fit into your wife's clothes
How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced	A buccaneer!
How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced	A buccaneer.
How do you get a fat girl into bed	Piece of cake
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three... The one on the left The one on the right And of course, the Final Front Ear
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb	No one knows. They never get to keep the house. Edit: Thanks for all the awesome comments. I can't keep up!
How are spinach and anal sex alike	If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult
How do you know when a politician is lying	When you see their lips moving!
How many members of the NRA does it take to screw in a lightbulb	More guns.
How do you kill a circus	Go for the juggler!
How do you say ""fuck"" in Chinese	Buck
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw in the bulb and the other to hold the penis..*ER..LADDER! I MEANT LADDER!*
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number...you've probably never heard of it.
How does Santa Claus remember which chimneys he's been down	He keeps a log
How do you burn an Irishman ear	Ring him while he's ironing...
How's havin' a dick	It comes in handy.
How do you get gum out of hair	cancer -I'm sorry-
How many guys in the Friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They just stand around complimenting it, and then get pissed when another guy screws it.
How do you define a farmer	Someone that's outstanding in their field.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything.
How does a Chinese man start a religious video	Press pray.
How do you circumcise a whale	Fore-skin divers!
How was the Grand Canyon created	A Jew lost a penny (incoming angry comments)
How do you stop bacon from curling in the pan	Take away their little brooms!
How much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood	None because only beavers give a dam.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	[NSFW] The sex is the same but the dishes pile up. Didn't make this up, credit goes to the morning show I was listening to this morning.
How do you greet the cold horse across the fence	Howdy Neigh - Brr Made up by my 4 year old son.
How can the eurologist tell if he is looking at a man or woman	Well, there is a vast difference.
How much coke did Charlie Sheen snort	Enough to kill two and a half men.
How many Latvian to eat potato	soldier
How do you call a robber in a suit of armor	A thief in the knight
How does a painter support their art in this economy	Easel-y
How big are pedophiles shoes	A footlong.
How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him	He felt pretty cross.
How is Budweiser like Making Love in a Canoe	It's Fucking Close to Water.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	He walked.  J.K................... Rowling
How many letters can you wear on your feet	10 E's
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the chin.
How do you know when Santa Claus is nearby	You can feel his presents ...
How do you make a woman go blind	Put a windshield in front of her.
How are women and hurricanes alike	The both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
How can you tell a Belgian in a submarine	He's the one with a parachute on his back.
How did he get from Afghanistan to Iraq	Iran (He ran). Thought of this when looking at the world map, sorry that it's terrible.
How do you know which potato is a prostitute	It's the one that says, ""Idaho.
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one. But it takes 20 episodes
How to break up with someone- You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: which one	You: MEEEEE BYEEEEEEEE
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow thrower	Give her a shovel.
How do ducks fly high	They use quack!
How do you get away with murder	Become a cop first.
How can you tell when a drummer's at the door	He doesn't know when to come in
How do Soviet prison mates greet each other	Gulag to you too.
How do you walk out of a Casino with $1 Million	Walk in with $2 Million.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	Zero, they just beat the room for being black
How does the devil measure his drugs	In pentagrams
How do you make holy water	Boil the *hell* out of it.
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a gun to it's head and tell it to.
How many tumblr users does it take to change a lightbulb	Light is triggering, shitlord. DOWN WITH THE BULBTRIARCHY
How did Darth Vader cross the street	Ewoked.
How many Americans does it take to change a bulb	None, Mexicans do it for them.
How do you catch a peculiar rabbit	Unique up on it.
How do you know if an introvert likes you when you're talking to them	They'll stare at your shoes instead of theirs.
How did Charles Darwin die	Natural causes.
How do you confuse Hellen Keller	Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
How do you get a Nun pregnant	Dress her up as an altar boy...
How do you know if the moon is waxing or waning	If it's waning you'll get weally weally wet.
How does a skeleton call her friends	On a telebone.
How do you get the walls of your house as bright as they can possibly be	Use LED based paint.
How do you hold a pirate rabbit	With its buccaneers! Source: Dad.
How did the sloth become President of the tree	He slept his way to the top.
How do you kill a hippie	Tape a hula hoop to the bottom of a pool
How do you get a Jewish girls number	you ask her to roll her sleeves up.
How do you make a cat bark	Wrap it around a tree
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears	Seven.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You have to look for the Fresh Prince.
How much does Nicki Minaj sell security devices for	Pound an alarm
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
How did Mace die	Through the Windu.
How do you know a chinese thief has broken into your house	All of your rice is gone, your computer is fixed, and the mother fucker is still trying to back out of the driveway.
How many fugitives does it take to fix a light bulb	1/3
How Many Bit Coins Does it take to screw in a Lightbulb	00000000000001adf44c7d69767585--5572eca4dd4-db7d0c0b845-916d849af76 PM me the answer!
How many redditors it takes to change a lightbulb	[OC] It only takes 1. But another 999 to repost this 100% original joke. I made this.
How did Kanye West ask Kim Kardashian to marry him	? ""will i marry you?
How many procrastinators does it take to change a lightbulb	Oh well, I'll figure it out later.
How long did it take the fish to go to the store	salmon or eight minutes.
How many racists does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. Racists dont like to be enlightened.
How many waiters does it take to change a light bulb	None a burned out bulb can't catch a waiter's eye.
How do you kill a circus clown	You go for the juggler
Q: How many Director's does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Just one more guys I promise.
How did the farmer move his cows	In a mooving van!
How do you fix a broken pizza	Use tomato paste.
How much for a haircut	Barber: Fifteen dollars. How much for a shave? Barber: Ten dollars.  Right - shave my head.
How does Romney only claim a 14% tax rate	He claims 47% of the U.S. as dependents.
How can a mouse kill an elephant	Whispering to an elephant: "" I'm pregnant with you
How do you get a nun pregnant	Have the alter boy shit into her pussy.
[REPOST] How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light-bulb	One. He stands in place while the whole world revolves around him.
How to get a job without experience	Just run for office!
How many Germans do you need to screw in a lightbulb	One. We're efficient not funny!
How do you play a big game of Hungry Hippos	Go to a weight watchers meeting and roll Maltesers down the middle of their meeting circle.
How do you make apple jelly	google maps.
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	Just check for fresh prince
How does a solar system have a party	They planet
How many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg	Four. Because calling the trunk a leg doesn't make it a leg.
How is /r/jokes like sex	I don't get it.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How did the Otaku Redneck guy name his daughter	Annie Mae
How can you tell ignorance from indifference	I don't know and I don't care.
How are that many Republicans candidates supposed to debate each other at once	Throw a dollar bill in the floor and let the last one alive run for president.
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello	Konnichihuahua
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, if they'll fit.
How can you tell if someone is vegan	They'll fucking tell you!
How do you organize a party in space	You planet.
How many jews died in the holocaust	Not enough
How do trees get online	They just log in...
How do you know if someone is a vegetarian	Don't worry, they will let you know as soon as they can
How do Mexican dogs say ""hello"" when in Japan	Konnichihuahua
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	Not bad!
How do you keep the Kansas City Chiefs away from your house	Paint a goal line on your driveway.
How do you add up a mountain	You summit.
How do you keep water warn in the winter	Have it wear an aqua-fur.
How much blow can Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill Two and a half Men
How can a black woman tell if she's pregnant	When she takes out the tampon the cotton is already picked
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb	Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.
How do you know if a girl is on her period	Shut up!
How can you tell if you're at a gay picnic	The hot dogs taste like shit.
How many psychiatrists does it take to  change a light bulb	How long have you been having this  phantasy?
How many donald trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. He holds it up and the world revolves around him
How do you tell the difference between a chemistry professor and a politician	Just ask them to read this word: unionized.
How did Thor's brother get his powers	Just Loki I guess
How do ghosts navigate the ocean	They use boo-eys.
Q: How many Capricorns does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None. Capricorns can't afford new lightbulbs --- unless they're a legitimate business expense.
How do you titallate an ocelot	You oscillate its tits a lot.
How can people get engaged after dating less than a year	You haven't seen their fall wardrobe yet and tbh it could be a deal breaker
How was my soup	Souperb.
How did the Jewish mother offer to help her son meet a nice Jewish girl	She offered to pay for half of his J-date membership.
How do you get out of an elephant	Q: How do you get out of an elephant? A: Turn around and around until you get all pooped out. (5 yo humor never gets old)
How do you pick up a Jewish girl	With a dust pan.
How do you call a male prostitute	A prostidude!
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	You kick his sister in the chin
How many times do you have to tickle a squid to make it laugh	ten tickles
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	Nein.
How does a gay forester calls his diary where he keeps account of all his affairs	A heath ledger
How do mice celebrate when they move home	With a mouse warming party !
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls	Collect!
How come you never write e-mails	I'd rather send a note!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	Zero
How do you convert Spanish programming into English	Yes++
How much does a plumber make in an hour	It depends on how much crack he can produce.
how are we gonna sell our car this year	how about a commercial where the car is driving around on roads. great work everyone time for lunch
How does a deaf and dumb tell a secret to another one	He wears mittens.
How is the new Meta Gear game	Its solid.
How do 5 gay men walk	One Direction!
How do you fix a monkey	With a Monkey Wrench!
How do you tittie fuck a flat chested chick	Froggy style. Ribbit ribbit
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	10: one to change it, one to post about it for karma and eight to repost it a few months later.
How many ""friend-zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do you blow a movie quote	You just put your lips together and whistle
How does an atheist start their prayers	To Whom It May Concern
How can you tell that your girlfriend is getting fat	She fits into your wife's clothes.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	YOU WEREN'T THERE MAAAAN!!!
How can you tell if a girl is under 18	Ask her if she is a Bernie Sanders supporter.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three: a left ear, a right ear and a front-ear
How many potatoes does it take to kill the irish	None.
How do chemists get high	they drop acid of course
How Long's A Chinese Penis	Yes
How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's what students are for.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. But, I still can't figure out how they got in there.
Q: How did the pig get to the hospital	A: In a hambulance.
How do you ruin a date with Princess Leia	By saying Alderaan things.
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman	Shit in her cunt
How can you identify a French Infantryman	Sunburned armpits.
How many black people does it take to start a riot	-1
How come Apple-products have so small transistors	Children have very small hands
How do you pick Dolly Parton's Kids out of a crowd	They're the ones with stretch marks around their lips.
How do you find a blind man at a nudist beach	It's not hard
How do you make a plumber cry	Kill his whole family
How do you know if a black woman is pregnant	Stick a banana up her cooter, if it comes out half eaten, you've got a monkey on the way!
How do you tell if somebody doesn't have a smartphone	Just wait, they'll tell you.
How does a butcher introduce his wife	Meat patty!
Q: How many Leos does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None: Leos are so enthusiastic they carry their own light.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting millions of illegal immigrants	Juan by Juan
How do you make an archeologist mad	Give them a bloody tampon and ask what period it's from
How do you deep throat a Muslim girl	You Ramadan her throat.
How was copper wire first invented	Two Jews were fighting over a penny.
How do trees access the internet	They log on
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, except she scissors it in.
How many Jews died in the holocaust	Not enough.
How does every racist joke start	/OP looks around/
How do you deal with radical Islamists	You square them.
How do you get a blonde to agree to a threesome	(Oc) Tell her she'll see an Eiffel tower if she does
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, they're efficient and they aren't very funny.
How is a moil like a mashgiach	(How is the person who circumcises infants like the person who inspects kosher restaurants?) Their job is to make sure there's no cheese on the meat!
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb	YOU DON'T KNOW!!! YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!!
How many people from Cornwall does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't care, as long as they do it better than people from Devon.
How was your thanksgiving	&gt;&gt; Very stuffing.
How do you know a moth is gay	Its balls are deep in the closet.
How do you know that your gynecologist is nearsighted	His nose is wet.
How can a male get a maid for free	He gets married.
How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat	She can use your wifes clothes
How many Russians does it take to elect the President of the United States	Just Trump.
How many Pao's does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Fuck you.
How is Halloween celebrated in Kentucky	pumpkin
how was copper wire invented	2 jews found the same penny
How do you comfort a grammar Nazi	There,They're,Their . . .
How do you put a baby astronaut to sleep	You rocket
How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot	Perky.
How do you know when you're at a gay barbecue	All the hot dogs taste like shit.
How's banging a fat chick like riding a scooter	They're both a lot of fun until your friends catch you.
How did Helen Keller's mother punish her	She left a plunger in the toilet
How is marriage and CPR training the same	You get a certificate for showing you can do it and hope to god you never have to do it again
How do you circumcise a Trump supporter	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but I have no clue how they got in there.
How does a prostitute make more than a drug dealer	Because she can clean her crack and sell it again
How did hipster kid hurt himself	He touched the stove before it was cool...
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. They're an efficient people, but not very funny.
How many babies can fit in a blender	Depends how powerful the blender is
How did the homeless handicap child die	Alone
How many policemen does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many Police Officers does it take to change a light bulb	Thirteen. One to change the light bulb, and twelve to beat the room for being black.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her like an altar boy
How did ISIS do on their French test	They bombed it...
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	fish.
How can you tell when an idiot's depressed	Go stand in front of a mirror
How do you circumcise a guy in Alabama	You kick her sister in the chin!
How do you make a hormone	You don't pay her.
How do you think the whole Deflategate situation feels to Tom Brady now	Probably doesn't feel how he prefers it to...
How do you put out a maxipad fire	You tampon it.
Q: How many Russians does it take to change a light bulb	A: That's a military secret.
How do you start a rave in Africa	Glue toast to the ceiling. (Apologies if repost, I found it funny and wanted to share it with you guys. Have a great day! :D )
How is an NBA photographer like a Trump supporter	They both want to shoot black people.
How did Chernobyl disaster happen	scientist A : Are you sure ? scientist B : Trust me, I know what i'm doing.
How many letters are there in the Pirate Alphabet	Ten. Aye, aye, arr, and the seven seas.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	trick question: you don't need a light bulb when you have a glass ceiling
How do you stop a Lion from charging	have a successful dentistry practise.
Q: How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, ""man, I could do that!
How do you call an unfanny comedian	A youtuber.
How do you kill a book	You break its spine.
How does a vampire enter his house	Through the bat flap.
How do you keep men on their toes	Raise the urinals
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the chin..
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None because feminists can't change anything...
How to keep idiot waiting	I'll tell tomorrow.
How far can this plane go with just one engine	All the way to the crash site!
how did canada choose its name	They pulled letters out of a hat. C, eh N, eh D, eh
How did Charlie Sheen contract HIV	He blew a Piston in his car.
how do you get a toddled car repaired you get another one for you toddled car get it	? re-paired
How does Mike Tyson track Will Smith in the snow	He looks for fresh prints.
How do you get 100 babies into a bucket... With a blender How do you get them out again	With tortilla chips
How much do deer nuts cost	Under a buck
How do you get out of tipping on a $100 order	Order to go. Seriously, fuck you if you do this.
How does Walter Palmer like his eggs	Poached. Thank you, I'm here all week. EDIT: this got no upvotes and I don't think it deserved any
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. The trick is getting them in there.
How can you tell when an Iranian boy has matured	They take the diaper off his ass and put it on his head.
How do you keep a group of women from talking	Ask the oldest one to speak first.
How do you make pickel bread	With dill dough
How do you tell a friend their breath stinks without being rude	I'm bored, let's brush our teeth!
How did they invent break dancing	Trying to steal the hubcaps off a moving car.
How do bees go to school	They take the buzz
How do you hit 20 flies in one shot	Hit an Ethiopian in the head with a frying pan.
How do a neckbeard's cells divide	by m'tosis
How does Dracula eat his food	In *bite* size pieces
How do you piss off Reddit	[deleted]
How much did Harambe drink in the bar	Just a couple of shots
How do you castrate a priest	Kick the altar boy in the back off the head
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	It isn't hard.
How did the man get the woman into the pool club	He snooker in!
How mani Iowa citizens does it take to screw in a lightbulb	4 no 5 no 6 no its really 4 - not sure, better flip a coin to get the right number
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate it's tits a lot
How do you get an art major off your front porch	Pay for the pizza!
How many forever alone guys does it take to change a light bulb	One, but he wishes it was two.
How is your job and your wife different	I don't mind telling work the other jobs I've done
How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One....Two...One, Two...
How do you spot an engineer at a party	He'll come up to you and tell you himself.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an ithberg.
How do you call a bucket list created by a 16 year old	A Fuck It list.
How do you get ""Dick"" from Richard	You ask him politely.
How do you check the intonation of a guitar underwater	With a tuna.
How was it possible that the three bears had porridge all at different temperatures	Someone is lying.
How do you know if someone is Puerto Rican	They tell you.
How do you know when your sister is on her period	when your dad's dick tastes like blood
How is a teacher like a hooker	They're both pretending that they're enjoying it.
How do you know if a Muslim is laughing online	He types, ""HALOL
How do bank robbers send messages	By flee mail!
How do you make a starfish shine	Drop it in sparkling water.
How much power does a hearse have	1 corpsepower
How do farmers party	They turnip the beets.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll just beat the room for being black.
How do farmers party	They turnip the beets!
How do you call a cow with no legs	You don't, because cows don't have phones.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	You put it in the microwave until its bill withers.
How do you make an egg roll	You push it
How is Liam Neeson and an ionic bond alike	They are always having something get taken.
How does Moses make beer	Hebrews!
How many political parties does it take to change a lightbulb	Two, one to change the lightbulb, and the other to bask in the light of the old one.
How many ears does Spock have	Three: a left ear, a right ear, and the last front ear.
How do you make a venetian blind	Poke his eyes out Credits go to my 90 year old grandfather, currently completing his PhD
How do you make holy water	Put it in a pot and boil the hell out if it.
Q: How many tourists does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Six: One to hold the bulb and five to ask for directions.
How many deadbeat dads does it take to change a lightbulb	I wouldn't know, mine's never around. (Alternately: ""Well, he went out to get one..."")
How do you make Halloween great again	By carving a Trumpkin
How does a man who cannot curse kill someone	He buttbuttinates them...
How many immigrants. Q) How many immigrants does it take to change a light bulb	A) None. That is our fucking job!
How do you impress a girl	By growing up.
Q: How many Serbs does it take to screw in a  light bulb	A: Two-one to shoot the old bulb out and one to screw the new one in.
How do you spot an attention whore on reddit	Edit: Wow, I did not expect this to get so many upvotes!
How do you keep Trump busy for the rest of his term	Tell him his twitter phone is in the corner of his office.
How do cows do math	A cow-culator. haha haha ha ... ok, I'll leave.
How many children's TV presenters does it take to change a lightbulb	Two, one to change the lightbulb and another to show one they changed earlier.
How did ISIS become so powerful	They got a head
How many fams does it take to get the sky lit	Just one sun
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween	Pump kin!
How long does it take To microwave a baby	I'm too busy jerking of to watch a timer.
How do you recycle a condom	You turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it
How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead	You poker face!
How do you make a good pun	You use a great PUNchline.
How do you know that Santa is a man	No woman wears the same attire every year.
How heavy is the moderation on this sub	And was it in anyway responsible for the death of FPH.
How many Wake Forest fraternity brothers does it take to make chocolate chip cookies	Seventeen. One to do it and sixteen to shell the M&M's.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They don't change it. They just beat the room for being black.
How can you double your money	Look at it in a mirror.
How do fallopian tubes like there eggs in the morning	? Ovary-sy
How are farts and Ancient Egypt similar	They both have a Tutankhamun.
How many Chauvinists does it take to Change a Lightbulb	None, because chauvinists can't change anything.
How do you draw an Overwatch character	You Tracer.
How do you start a rave in Africa	Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling
How do you know if a hippo is in your oven	The door won't close
How do you kill a one legged fox	Have it run across Canada. (maybe only Canadians will get this)
How many /r/jokes reditorz does it take to change a light bulb	21, the first 20 will just repost an old one.
How do you kill a thousand flies at once	slapping a nigerian kid in the face
How many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just beat the room for being black
How do men in New Zealand address their women	Hey! Ewe!
How did Donald Trump know he had an STD	Because he was fired
How did the gangster die below the Empire State Building	Someone dropped a dime on him.
How do you start a conversation with a bunch of idiots	HELLLOOOOO AMERICA!
How do you convey body language	With your figure of speech
How do angels greet each other	They say Halo.
How do you get an emo out of a tree	Cut the rope imsosorry:(
How do you make a witch scratch	Remove the w
How do you make a tissue dance	Put a little boogie into it
How do you make God laugh	Tell him your plans.
How are tigers like sergeants in the army	They both wear stripes !
How can you tell if a Redditor is European	Don't worry, he'll tell you
How are synagogues like lemons	They're full of acidic juice.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose	2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a camel toe, a bunch of hares and a fish no one can find.
How did the white girl get pregnant	Her teacher told her to do an essay. (ese)
How bad was the Rio 2016 Olympic	None of the North Korean athletes defected.
How does a pig write home	With a pig pen.
How do you get a Mormon to not drink all of your beer on a fishing trip	Bring two Mormons.
How do you blindfold an Asian woman	Put a windshield in front of her.
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof	It depends on how thinly you slice them.
How does Harry Houdini tell people to steal stuff	Straight jack it.
How can you use a banana as a compass	Place a banana on the Berlin Wall. East is where a bite has been taken out of it. [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Germany_jokes)
How do you know your sister is having her period	(Sick danish humor) NSFW When your fathers dick taste like blood.
How many walruses does it take to make a sandwich	Don't be silly, walruses don't make sandwiches; women make sandwiches. Made this up to bug my sister. It worked. Her husband laughed.
How do warty witches keep their hair out of place	With scare spray.
How do you castrate a guy from Kentucky	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	It's not hard!
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Don't be silly, Californians screw in hot tubs!
How many nihilists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	#
How often do I make chemistry jokes	Periodically. I made one yesterday, but it had no reaction.
How come Miss Piggy couldn't talk	She had a frog in her throat.
How do you know when someone is a single mother	Don't worry! They will tell you!
How did I get the balls to write such a grotesque joke	Gruesome.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb	Wanna go ride bikes?  My all time favorite joke. Sorry if it has already been posted but who has the time to browse all of r/jokes.
How would you try to sleep with a fat girl	oh, sorry, i misspelled ""why""...
How does Michael J Fox take his martinis	Shaken. Not stirred
How many perverts does it take to insert a light bulb	Only one; However, it takes an entire emergency ward to get it back out again.
How do you hire a horse	Put a brick under each hoof!
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poker Face
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word	Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
How many prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb	Obviously more than four, they've been in my basement for days, and it's still dark down there!
How do you know if you are having a good time	When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.
How will Trump deport the Mexicans	Juan by Juan.
How many dubstep fans does it take to change a lightbulb	Wuh-wuh-wuh-one.
How do lions like their steaks	RAWR
How many amateur masochists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only one; But it takes a WHOLE E.R. room to extract it afterwards. Double joke! ""whole... hole."" it's a play on words ;)
How do you stop a woman giving you head	Marry her.
How do Ethiopian parents celebrate their child's first birthday	By putting flowers on its grave.
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb and the other one to hold the penis.. I meant... The ladder.
How do you restore your body back to 'factory settings'	Is it kale? it's kale, isn't it? please don't say kale.
how do you make a dog go ""meow""	Freeze it solid then push it through a band saw. MEEEOOW!
How much money does a gay pornstar earn	A buttload
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	No potatoes.
How would Arnold Schwarzenegger describe a sousaphone	It's not a tuba!
How much do you pay to buy corn from a pirate	You pay a buccaneer.
How many Freudians does it take to screw their mothers	Not mothers, lightbulbs. Shit.
How many Irish folk singers does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the bulb and one to sing about how grand the old bulb was.
How do scientists freshen their breaths	Ex*spearmints*
How can you tell if a package is gay	It cums in the male
How can you tell a pirate is being raped	You hear him screaming ""Quit plunderin' my booty!
how do you know you're in an elevator with the people of reddit	you're stuck on the basement level!
How does Moses make tea	Hebrews it
How can you smuggle 500 Jews across the border in one car	In an ash tray
How is the elevator business	Oh, it has its up and downs...
How do you steal something from a crazy person	You straight jack it.
How much citrus does it take to kill a pirate	None.
How many clergymen does it take to screw a lightbulb	Amen.
how does james bond prefer his women	shaven, not furred
How many I.T. workers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	none, just upgrade to windows
How do you cook toilet paper	You brown it!
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it into a microwave until it's bill withers.
How do Jews shower	The same as you idiot. First we get nice and we.. Wait, it's a trap! The gas its too mu... faint scream
How is the Torah like Kidz Bop	It's for yids, by yids!
How many Marines does it take to change a lightbulb	Four, one to change it and three to comment on the changing.
How do you circumcise a whale	Four skin divers
How do you make a 5yr old cry twice	When you rub your dick on her teddy bear.
How do you spell candy with two letters	C and Y
How can you tell if a girls tinder profile is fake	They're attractive!
How long should you microwave fish for	Tuna half minutes.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	You put it in the oven until its Bill Withers.
How well did Jackson Pollock do in art class	He passed it with flying colors. /heyo
Q: How do elephants smell	A: Really bad.
[end of long conversation] HER: let me give you my number ME: great! [forgot name] how do you spell your name	HER: ME: HER: k-i-m ME:
How was copper wire invented	2 Jews bent down to pick up the same penny.
How do you know when you've played too much minecraft	When your friend wishes aloud that he could be creative and you tell him ,""your game mode has been changed.
How do you pay a quiz master	with finances.
Q: How many Geminis does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Two. Plus a portable phone an Internet link and a copy of the ""Bluffer's Guide to Changing Lightbulbs.
How many internet users does it take to change a light-bulb	I dunno. Let's just sign a petition so that hopefully somebody will do it.
How many jail guards does it take to change a light bulb	Why does it matter? Everyone knows the prison system can't change anything.
How do you get two rednecks to play Banjo in unison	Shoot the first one.
How do you make 7 even	By removing the S
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke	Two. One to post it and another to create a better punchline in the comments.
How does a Mexican keep warm	They use chicken for heaters
How can you lift an elephant with one hand	A. It is not a problem, since you will never find an elephant with one hand.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw in the bulb and one to suck my dick.
how many Frenchmen does it take to properly defend Frances borders	No idea, No ones ever tried.
How do you advertise a motor home	A trailer
How do you catch a wild bra	Set a booby trap.
How do you get down off a horse	You don't, you get down off a duck.
How many chickens does it take to screw in a light bulb	Who gives a cluck? (I wonder if the moderators will censor this joke merely on the grounds that it is categorically terrible?)
How did Hitler originally get into power	Let's make Germany great again
How is Bud Light like sex on the beach	they're both fucking close to water
How do you make a dog smile	Suck its dick.
How do you make a Kleenex dance	Blow a little boogie into it!
How do you pump a Republican for information	With a plunger.
How do the Muslims like their eggs cooked	Sunni side up. I know this is a Shiite joke.
How did the rice crispy propose to the cornflake	It Snapped, Crackled and Popped the question.
How is Twitter like Game of Thrones	There's 140 characters, and they are all terrible.
How long does an owl live	six and a half books.
How can you tell if an elephant has been in the fridge	There are footprints in the butter
How do you get teh bee off the toilet	You piss it off.
How much does a hipster weigh	....An instagram.
How do you count cows	with a cowculator.
How will future generations contact Beyonce's ghost	They'll hold a Beyonceance.
How do you kill a one-legged fox	Make him run across Canada.
How do you get your dog to come	Fuck it.
Q: How do you tell if an Arkansas girl is old enough to marry	A: Make her stand in a barrel. If her chin is over the top she's old enough. If it isn't cut the barrel down a bit.
How many Crusaders does it take to change a light bulb	It depends on Deus Voltage
How does a cat tell time	? In meowers
How do you call a singing PC	a dell
How did they know Christa McAuliffe had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders on the beach
How to get a job on Game of Thrones: Q: Can you act	A: Sorta Q: Will you get naked? A: Yes HIRED!
How does Donald Trump start his favorite joke	Two Corinthians walk into a bar...
How does a turtle grate cheese	Shredder
How did the bootician style the ghost's hair	With a scare dryer!
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom	He farts.
How many maple leafs does it take to change a tire	Only 1, unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up
How often does an oriental farmer milk his cows	Dairy
How many vegans does it take to change a lightbulb	One. Vegans have the same capability of changing a lightbulb as non-vegans.
How do you know if you have amnesia	I don't know.
How did the guy from Kentucky find his sister in the woods	Pretty good!
HOW MANY LAWYER JOKES ARE THERE	Q. How many lawyer jokes are there? A. Three...the rest are all true.
How did San Diego get its name	Someone dropped their waffle on the beach.
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2, one to hold the ladder and the other to screw the mother.. LIGHTBULB!
How do you make a woman scream twice	Fuck her in the ass then wipe your dick on her curtains.
How many Vietnam Veterans does it take to screw in a light bulb	YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN, BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T THERE..!!!
How does a monster begin a fairy tale	Once upon a slime . . .
How Many Marshawn Lynches Does it Take to Change a Lightbulb	Only one. Just as long as you hand him the damn lightbulb.
How many cocks does it take to make your mother cry	None!
Q: How do you get a blonde off of your knees	A: Come.
Q: How many Chinese Red Guards does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: 10000 - to give the bulb a cultural revolution.
How did the redneck find the sheep in the tall grass	Satisfying.
How do japanese chihuahuas say hello	Konichihuahua
How do you have nasal sex	Fuck nose.
How do you know when it is raining cats and dogs	There are poodles everywhere!
How do you disappoint a Redditor	[deleted]
How big was the ant when it knocked over the table	giANT!!
How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone	A Hans free device
How do you make a protester cry	Tear gas
How do you make 5 lbs of fat look good	Stick a nipple on it.
How do your organize a space party	You planet! (It won't turn out well though because it has no atmosphere.)
How did the dyslexic American mathematician sing the first line of his national anthem	Oh secant, you say?
Q: How does a blonde turn the lights on in the morning	A: She opens the car door.
How many reddit offices does it take to screw you in a light bulb	yishan
How'd the preacher catch A.I.D.S. in Africa	Missionary style.
How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb	They don't have to change the light bulb, they buy LED's.....My first original joke submitted to reddit! Hope you like :)
How did the puppeteer meet the President	He pulled some strings.
How did the Jewish terrorist die	Hebrew up.
How do you fit 5,000 Jews into a Volkswagen	Two in the front, three in the back and the rest in the ashtray.
How did the geologist develop a career as an expert in sinkholes	He fell into it.
How many elves does a german santa have	Elf.
How many Sanders supporters does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question, they can't change anything.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
How do painters stay warm	They add another coat.
How does a Russian Aeroflot pilot navigate	By reading street signs.
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus weighed 4.2 kg	Cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
How do you measure a milf	themommeter
how many cooks does it take to change a lightbulb	one, and nine to stand around and say how they did it at their old job....
How many goals did Germany score	A Brazillion.
How do you find out if a dead man has autism	You give them an autopsy
how do you hide from hitler	Standstill.... he can nazi.
How do trees browse the internet	They log in.
How does Trent Reznor's mom hang up his Christmas stocking	With a Nine Inch Nail.
How to live forever	Hire a project manager to plan your death.
How do the Sith ascend	Elevaders
How to make your ears pop	Try some sparkly earrings.
How much money do porn stars make	A fuckload.
How did the knight know that his armor was made in China	He found a chink in it.
How do you make Holy Water	You boil the hell out of it
How do you catch a green elephant	Paint him red and catch him with the red elephant trap.
How do Helen Keller's parents punish her	Glue doorknobs to the walls.
How do you make a dog meow	Put it in the freezer for three days. Run it through a bandsaw. Meoooooow.
How many governments does it take to make an Egyptian happy	I'll let you know when I find out...
How do mathematicians scold their children	If I've told you n times, I've told you n+1 times ...
How do you make Holy Water	Boil the Hell out of it!
How do you tell if a chick's too fat to f*ck	When you pull her pants down and her ass is still in them.
How do I like eggs	Ummm...in a cake!
How do you call it when a girl kicks a boy in the groin during the first date	Premature emasculation.
How many redditors does it take to repost a joke	About four.
How does Harry Potter go down a hill	By walking. JK. Rowling.
How can you tell a mechanic just had sex	Two of his fingers are clean.
How do you help a choking pig	With the Ham-Lick maneuver of course
Q: How does the queen bee get around her hive	A: She's throne.
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	Sorry, your Quest to whore karma is currently unavailable. Please try again later.
How does Donald Trump plan to expel all Muslims from the county	Legalize Uber.
How do you discipline your pet rock	You hit rock bottom!
How does the Easter Bunny paint all of those  eggs	He hires Santa's elves during the off-season.
How did Helen Keller break her arm	You try reading a stop sign at 60 miles an hour.
How do you piss off horny redditors in nsfw	[deleted]
How does a Japanese chihuahua say hello	Konichihuahua
How many Russians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw it in, and one to shoot him if he does it wrong.
How many times can you celebrate a 29th birthday before people catch on	-asking for a friend
How does a girl in West Virginia know when her mama is on the rag	Her daddy's dick tastes funny
Q: How do small people call each other	A: On microphones.
How did the Endorian get to school every day	Ewok'd.
How do you make a duck sing soul music	Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	They don't. They just arrest the entire room for being dark.
How to spot the toughest guy in jail	He still has some whistle left in his fart.
How do you catch a Douchebag	JerkBait.
How do black people get to Hogwarts	They go through wall 9 3/5
How do you kill 100 flies	Smack an Ethiopian kid in the face.
How disturbingly inappropriate would it be if ""Thomas the Tank Engine"" was set in early-1940s Germany	#ThomasDieKleineLokomotive
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only one. They hold the bulb and expect the world to revolve around them. Edit: missed the y in they Thanks u/HapaHeather
How does one know a man is going to say something smart	..His senentences start with ""A woman once told me..
How does a blind skydiver know when to pull the parachute	When the leash goes slack.
How do you kill a black widow	You take away her food stamps.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	This change'll be fantastic. It'll be great. You won't believe how great this change will be.
How do you move a 2000 lb dinosaur	Don't know?? Use DINO-MITE
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	Tentickles
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb	1 or 2. Now 1... or 2.
How do you make a baby drink	You stick it in a blender.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's an obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only a rapist would think the violation of a light socket by a foreign object is a matter to make jokes about.
How is an elephant like a wristwatch	They both come in quartz.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	It doesn't matter. No matter how many feminists there are, they can't change anything. Source: a friend
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for fresh prints.
How many ants does it take to rent a house	Ten ants
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One to screw in the light bulb, two to make a documentary about it.
How many dead babies, does it take to change a lightbulb	...not 7, because it's still dark in my basement
How many times should you check whether a sentence is written in English or Spanish	Once.
How do you contact dead window cleaners	Use a squeegee board.
How many palindromes do I know of	Not a ton
How did Jack know exactly where to find the goose in the giant's castle	He had *bean stalking* her.
How much does a dead elephant weigh	A skele**ton**.
How is credit like cocaine	Everyone just needs 1 more line.
How do you stop your dog from humping your leg	You suck his dick. How can you tell your dogs gay? His dick tastes like shit.
How much horsepower does a mustang have	1
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb should be willing to change.
How do you help a sick ghost feel better	Give it a BOO-quet of flowers!
How do you know you are at a gay picnic	The hotdogs taste like shit
How are America and McDonald's similar	They are both run by red-headed clowns.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None. They'll just beat the room for being black
How many moths does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but more can join in if there's room in the lightbulb.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, glass ceilings don't have light bulbs.
How do three gay guys sit on a stool	Flip it upside down.
How do you keep a homo in suspense	I'll tell you in the morning.
How come the steel clad soldiers from the Ming Dynasty lost to the Knights of Eastern Europe	They had a chink in their armor.
How do you greet a gay Hispanic	Homo Estas!
How do u call a Boomerang that doesnt come back	a Stick
How do you describe the life of a redditor	[removed]
How do you get a hippie off your door step	Pay for the pizza and close the door.
How many ISIS mercenaries does it take to change a light bulb	None stupid crusader, that's a job for the hostages!
How do you call the social media that your grandmother uses	Instagran
How do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw plastic forks at her.
How do men exercise on the beach	By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't Chinese	They would have eaten the snake
How do you address a monster	Very politely.
How did Barack propose to Michelle	He got down on one knee and said, ""I don't wanna be Obama self.
How can you tell an Italian witch from an English one	By her suntan !
How many sound guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, two... One, two.
How is the RNC going to wash themselves of the reputation Trump has given them	Lather, Reince, repeat.
How many apples grow on a tree	ALL OF THEM!!
How can you tell you live in an Asian part of town	All the Mexicans have car insurance.
How does a jew make coffee	Hebrews it
How does a mathematician deal with constipation	He works it out with a pencil
How do you get a Jewish girls number	Check her wrists.
How do you stop a rooser crowing on Sunday	Eat him on Saturday !
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll post the answer in the comments.
How do you ask an Uber driver if he drives for Lyft, too	Do you even Lyft bro? (I'll see myself out)
Q: How can you tell a blonde is being unfaithful	A: Everybody in the neighborhood is going to the pharmacy for  penicillin.
How does a fish always know how much they weigh	Because they have their own scales!
How many potatoes does it take to kill the Irish	None.
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass	Irresistible
How do you make both God and Satan angry at you	You rape Satan's wife.
How to insult a nerd ""Is rhat an Apple Watch	
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
How do you know a woman has had sex in every country in the world	Her pussy is well cultured.
How do you throw a party in Nigeria	You stick a piece of bread to the ceiling
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate pizza before it was cool
How many ADHD children does it take to change a lightbulb	Lets go ride our bikes
How do you know it's time to clean up your room	When the wifi signal doesn't come through.
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb	4. 1 to hold the bulb and 3 to drink until the room spins.
How many Cowboys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they have Giants for that kinda shit.
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How can we be sure the government wasn't involved in the Kennedy assassination	Well he's dead, isn't he? (Adapted from Neil Gaiman's *American Gods*)
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but getting them in there is a bitch!
How do you make a hormone	Don't tip her.
How do you open a banana safe	With a monkey. ^^^^I'll ^^^^see ^^^^my ^^^^way ^^^^out.
How often does Mary see her special friend	Periodically.
How do you castrate an Amish man	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you ruin a good joke	By posting it over and over on the same subreddit
How much for the mirror	Ma'am that's the cover of Vogue
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One. She just holds it in place, while the world revolves around her. * Beverly Hills ninja edit... rotates to revolves
How do you find a British person in a crowd	1. Shout 0800 00 2. Wait for them to shout 1066.
How many dead babies can fit inside a Bio-dumpster	16.
How do you spot will smith in the snow	Just look for the fresh prints.
How many millennials does it take to change a light-bulb	One, but he has to create a safe-space where the light-bulb can go to avoid being offended that it's being replaced.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None. You don't need a light bulb when you have a glass ceiling
How did the desk lamp store manager feel when thieves stole all his lightbulbs	He was delighted.
How many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You hold the lightbulb and every politician screws you!
How come Jews run the world	Because they dominate the gas industry
How you heard about the new bad breath removal strategy	They call it the tic-tac tactic.
How was the red sea made	Over a very long period
How is it that magic carpets are able to fly	They are powered by turban engines.
How far do burgers go in school	Through cowlege (then they get their 450 degrees!).
How many ears does Daniel Boone have	He's got a right ear, a left ear, and a frontier.
How many cops does it need to change a light bulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	You staple food to the ceiling.
How did the aquarium win the battle	Giant Fish Tanks.
How do you call a man without a body and a nose	Nobody knows. Sorry if it is a repost
How many Google plus users does it take to change a lightbulb	All of them actually . Two to hold the ladder and one to change the lightbulb .
How did the black guy get his pilot's license	He went to flight school, you racist bastards.
Q: How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb	A: Twenty. 1 to hold the bulb 2 to turn the ladder and 17 to be on the guest list.
How are hanging upside-down and getting a boner alike	All the blood goes to your head.
How does a ghost eat a hotdog	By goblin it. Sorry
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Not three, my basement is still dark.
How do redditors get their water	From a well, actually
How long does it take to eat a tire	*A Goodyear*
How do they launch a champagne factory	They throw a boat at it.
How did Hitler pick up Jewish girls	With a dustpan...
How do you kill a poet	Give them real self confidence.
How do you describe every gf in one word	K
How does grandma's chairlift work	It has to do with nanatechnology.
How do you make the Wicked Witch of the West kill herself	Challenge her to the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
How does a gay guy fake an orgasm	He spits on *your* back!
How do you surprise a blind man	Stick a plunger in the toilet
How many unemployed actors does it take to change a light bulb	(fixed) 100. 1 to change it and 99 to stand around and complain about how they coulda done a better job.
How did Jared lose all that weight eating at Subway	He just ordered off the children's menu.
How do we know that God isn't a woman	Because we're not all sandwiches
How do stories from Justin Biebers early childhood begin	A few months ago
how are bi planes different from regular planes	a lot of them have a wide open cockpit.
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the bulb and one to hold the penisLADDER I MEANT LADDER
How many pornstars does it take to screw a light bulb	Nobody knows, they keep cutting themselves. PS: original joke
Q: How do you have a party in outer space	A: You plan-et.
How do you make an orphans hands bleed	Tell them to clap until daddy gets home
How did the barber win the race	He knew a short cut.
How was Rome split in half	With a pair of *Caesars*
How does Donald Trump keep Mexicans off reddit	With a text wall.
How do they know Princess Diana had dandruff	Because they found her Head n' Shoulders in the glove box.
How did Godzilla escape the trains	He threw them off their tracks.
[NSFW] How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	You suck its dick
How should you send a letter to the Easter  Bunny	By hare mail!
How to equally divide a cake among five people with only three cuts Slice three people with your knife and ask the last, ""Do you also want a piece	
How do you make a patty melt	Give Marcie a strap-on.
How do you get the political science grad off your lawn	Pay for the pizza
How do you get heaps of pikachu on to a bus	You pokemon
How do you spell moron	M O R M O N
How do Germans tie their shoelaces	In little knotsies....
How do you know when your sister is on her period	Your dad's dick tastes like blood.
How does a vampire get through life with  only one fang	He has to grin and bare it.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two! But don't ask me how they got inside there.
Q: How many publishers does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Three. One to screw it in and two more to hold down the editor.
How do small people call each other	On microphones.
How did Jesus get his beach bod for the summer	Cross fit
How does Stephen Hawking commit suicide	Alt-F4
How can you tell a rich Swiss from a poor Swiss	The poor swiss washes his Mercedes by himself
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one to hold it in place and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How do you catch a squirrel	Climb a tree and act like a nut.
How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes	He feinted. (Sorry)
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
How many men does it take to open a beer	None it should be open when she brings it to you
How can you tell soap operas are fictional	In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed.
How many terrorists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	none, they blew it up already.
How was there no jackass in a giant penis costume at the women's March	That would of been hilarious. You would never see feminists beat a dick so hard.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a Lightbuld	Only Juan...
How does ISIS turn on their water heater	They light the pilot on fire.
How do you get a fat lady in a car	Piece of cake.
How do you know that a elephant's been in the fridge	There are foot prints in the butter.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb has to *WANT* to change.
How do you know all chickens are gold-digging size queens	All day long they're talking about ""buck, buck, big cock!
How many Missouri Police officers does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just shoot the room for being black.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to plaster a wall	A: It depends how hard you throw them.
How do you cook vegatables in the microwave	Take them out their wheelchair.
[NSFW] How can you tell if your girlfriend is too young	You have to make aeroplane noises to get your cock in her mouth!
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	You just call me...
How do you get two priest to fight to the death	Throw a small boy between them. How do you kill the other you ask? Throw in Michael Jackson.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	That's **not** funny!
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails	Make him wear shoes.
How do you know a vocalist is at your door	She can't find the key and doesn't know where to come in.
Q: How does a blonde high-5	A: She smacks herself in the forehead.
Q: How many Agents does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Actually agents will screw in just about anything.
How many Southern Baptists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Change?!
How can you tell if someone's a redditor,in real life	Ask them if they're on reddit. I'm sorry.
How do they separate the men from the boys in Athens	With a crowbar.
How do you impress a baker when you're taking his daughter on a date	Bring her flours
How can you tell an introverted Techie from an extroverted Techie	An extroverted Techie looks at *your* shoes when he's talking to you.
how many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	None; they're content to wander around in the dark pretending everything's okay.
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Zero because it's already lit fam.
How many chans does it take to change a lightbulb	Lulz!!! etc etc etc :-D
How do Jewish kids learn to count	10% off, 20% off, 30% off
How does Craig Venter drink beer	Shotgun method
How Do You Get Stoned in Ancient Rome	Start shouting Jehovah.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None, because feminists cant change anything.
How does a cow quickly do math	With a cow-culator! (Rimshot)
How does a black chick tell if she's pregnant	When she pulls the tampon out, all the cotton is already picked.
How do you get a blonde on your roof	Tell her drinks are on the house.
How do you catch a rabbit	Sit in a field and make carrot noises.
How do you know a presidential candidate is lying	Their lips are moving.
How Many liberals does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, because they're so darn stupid!
How do you excite an idiot	I'll tell you later.
How does the pedophile like his music	Just like his dick - in a minor.
How do you save a Republican from drowning	Take your foot off of their head.
How do computers measure pain	Gigahurts. (Came up with this in the car on my way to school hopefully its original)
How do we know that insects are so clever	Because they always know when your eating outside !
How do you make an elephant sandwich	First of all you get a very large loaf...
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	2 one to change the light bulb, and the other to hold the peni-- I MEAN LADDER
How Are A Prostitute And A Pirate Ship Alike	They're both full of seamen.
How many psychologists does it take to change a tire	Just one, but first the tire really has to want to change.
How many virgins does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one. But he will pull it back out and stick it back in again just to make sure he`s got the right hole.
How come Landscapers have huge loads	They are always edging.
How does every ethnic joke start	By looking over your shoulder.
How do Asians see the world	In widescreen.
How do you get a woman from to be, to bed	Give her the D.
how many sexual perverts does it take to screw in a light bulb	only one. but it takes an entire emergency room to get it out.
Q: How does a blind skydiver know the ground is near	A: The leash goes slack.
How much does freedom weigh	A WashingTon.
How many times can your grandmother orgasm per hour	I'll let you guess first before I tell you...
How many Jews can fit in a shower	Don't ask me, ask Hitler
How do you make Holy Water	You boil the hell out of it.
How does Pocahontas celebrate her Cake Day	With a Pao Wow.
How many billionaires does it take to create a superhero	Three: two to die and one to never get over it.
How many Jews can you fit in a car	Two in the front, three in the back, and as many as you can fit in the ash tray.
How are black people like Christmas lights	Half of them don't work and the ones that do aren't that bright
How did the cow feel when it couldn't produce milk	Udderly useless.
How did Mace die	He was thrown out the Windu.
How do you like your juice	I like mine gassy and concentrated.
Q: How do you describe a blonde surrounded by  drooling idiots	A: Flattered.
How do you know when you are in bed with a witch	She has a big ""W"" embroidered on her pyjamas !
How do you confuse a feminist	Tell her not to make you a sandwich.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	I don't know. It kept breaking my guitar strings so I gave up.
How did the dollar bill feel when his change started disappearing	Coincerned
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	Ten-tickles.
How did people charge their phones before electricity	They didn't...!
How do ya get a fag to fuck a woman	Shit in her pussy
How do Itallian chefs swap emails	By spaghett-e-mail!
How do you catch a politician	With a special interest group, or evidence of a sex scandal.
How do you find an old man in the dark	It isn't hard.
How do vampires keep their breath smelling nice	They use extractor fangs.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting all the illegal immigrants	Juan by Juan.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, you chauvinist asshole!
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One. We are efficient and don't have humor.
How do you get everyone to click on your post	[NSFW] Put [NSFW] in the title.
How do you find Will Smith in winter	You follow the Fresh Prince
How is 'crazy' like a freshly baked pie	You have to let it cool off before you put your dick in it.
How was your day	-You know in Die Hard when he runs barefoot over broken glass? That bad? -Oh no. It's just a cool scene. My day was decent
How do you ask for a cigarette in spain	Tapas a snout!
How do you know if an Asian person has robbed your house	When you come home, your math homework is done, your computer is upgraded, and they're still trying to back out of the driveway.
Q: How do you know if there is a drummer at your  door	A: The knocking always speeds up.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Juan.
How many Women Priest are there	Nun.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb	None, its a hardware problem
How many Hillary Clinton's does it take to screw in a light bulb	. How many Hillary Clinton's does it take to screw in a light bulb? I belive GE is a corner stone of the American economy.
How do you start a powerful woman's movement	Laxatives.
How did King George view the colonists	He thought they were revolting
How does a New York University psychology major turn on his lights in the morning	By opening the car door.
How does Darth Vader manage to eat through that mask	He's Force fed
How did the fruits get married	They Cantaeloped!
How does the recipe for German chocolate cake begin	First, invade ze kitchen...
How does an attorney go to sleep	First he lies on one side, then the other!!
How do you catch a Polar bear	Cut a hole in the ice, place peas around the hole and when the Polar bear comes up to take a pea, you kick it in the icehole. :)
How is cribbage like anal sex	In both, scoring involves pegging.
How many white people does it take to replace a light bulb	One to hold the bulb, and the rest to screw the whole world.
How do you fail a urine test with a clean sample	Poop in the specimen cup.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Ha! Feminists can't change anything.
How do you keep your wife screaming after an orgasm	Wipe your dick on the curtains.
How do you post a fish	You send it COD ... or first bass mail
How does Batman's mother call him to dinner	She doesn't, she's dead
How do you get an fat chick into bed	Piece of cake. Stolen from /u/No1ReallyCares' comment
How do you become a millionaire overnight	Start off a billionaire then make a bunch of bad investments.
How do you pick up women in Waco, Texas	With a DustBuster.
How can you tell a lawyer is lying	Other lawyers look interested.
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ears pierced	A buck an ear.
How do you get 1000 dead babies into the bed of a pickup truck	A blender! How do you get them out? Nacho chips!
How do Canadians take care of their skin	Maybe it's maple leaf.
How is a lesbian like a camel	Their hump has no bone.
How can you tell if your buddy is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How were the Jews captured during World War 2	They could not resist a ho-low-cost.
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic	There, they're, their.
How many roaches does it take to screw in a light bulb	2 but how they got in the light bulb I will never know
How many passive aggressive people does it take to change a light bulb	Don't bother, I'll do it myself.
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas	Little Caesers
How many LAPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to beat the bulb for being broke, another to shoot the room for being black.
How do thunderstorms invest their money	-In a combination of liquid assets and frozen assets
How do you know if an introvert likes you	He looks at your shoes instead of his
How do you measure how funny an electrical engineer is	You use an o-silly-scope!
How does a orphan change a light bulb	They grab the stack of un-signed adoption papers, stand on top of them, then proceed to change the light bulb.
How do you organize a party in outer space	You planet. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; ...I'll show myself out.
How do you make five pounds of fat attractive	You put a nipple on it.
How do you know you have a high sperm count	Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows.
How many Ellen Paos does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. The mods do that for her.
How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb	Well I'm not just going to tell you. You need to figure it out yourself.
How do you get in the 'Public Urination Club'	Walk up to the nearest police officer and you're in.
How did the blond chip her tooth	With her vibrator
How do Batman's parents call him to dinner	They don't; they're dead.
How many light bulbs does it take to change a Jew	Trick question- ovens don't run on light bulbs.
How many Buddhists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, change comes from within.
How do you call a man with a rabbit up his bum	A bad magician
How does a black women know she's pregnant	When she pulls put her tampon the cotton I'd already picked
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	*Nein*
Q: How do you milk sheep	.... .... .... A: With iPhone accessories.
How do you make a hormone	... Don't pay her.
How much coke DID Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill two and a half men.
How do Reavers clean their harpoons	They put them through the Wash.
How do you know it's midnight at the Neverland Ranch	The big hand's touching the little hand.
How does a Korean walk a dog	With a little bit of oil.
How do you get 30 drunk Americans out of the pool	Allahu Akhbarrrr
How much liquor does it take before you start telling racist jokes	For me, it's about three fifths.
How do you confuse an AP student	Make the first 21 questions all be the answer C.
How does a young man make an old woman feel young again	Elixir
How does Kylo Ren spend Father's Day	Solo.
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero	3. 2 to die and 1 to never get over it. Heard while playing Arkham Knight
How did the Allies have time to prepare D-Day	Because Russia was Stalin
How are whores and movies alike	You pay up front for both and even if it's bad, you don't get a refund for either.
How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	Fish.
How many Feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. Feminists can't change anything.
Q: How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb	A: None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
How is a judge like an English  teacher	They both hand out long sentences.
How many white cops does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, as he'll just beat the room for being black.
How do you count cows	With a cowculator
How do you make a baby float	2 scoops ice cream 1 scoop dead baby
How can you tell when a bar is haunted	It's full of Boo's and Spirits.
How do you censor real life hentai	Pubes
how do you tell the difference between an extroverted engineer and an introverted engineer	the extroverted engineer looks at *your* shoes.
How do most rappers build a following	They go shopping at a department store.
How did little Hitler tie his shoes	With little Nazis.
How do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw forks at him/her!
How do you call a nazi that doesn't react	A neon nazi
How do you say goodbye to an epileptic	Seizure later
How many Tenors does it take to screw in a Lightbulb	Trick Question. They only think they can reach that high.
How do you celebrate July 4th in Canada	Not by getting drunk and blowing off your fingers, because it's just a regular day fir you.
How many hippies does it take to change a light bulb	They don't change it. They just watch it burn out, then follow it around for 30 years.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but I have no idea how they got in the lightbulb.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None They expect someone to do it for them.
How do you make a cat go ""Woof!""	Soak it in petrol and put a match to it. (This is a joke, not and instruction, Reddit)
Q: How can you identify an Irish pirate	A: He's the one with patches over both eyes.
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the teeth.
How do you get a baby astronaut to sleep	You rock-et.
How do I know you're not a cop	If I was a cop, how would I have this?"" *shows police badge that just says 'Not a Cop' on it* Oh, okay good
How do you kill a retard	Give him a knife and say ""who's special?
How did Hitler tie his shoelaces	In cute little knotsies!
How do you confuse Hellen Keller	step on her books with golf shoes
How do you kill 200 flies at once	Hit an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.
How is Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis similar	They have Hogwarts
How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb	Well it depends on what you mean by change.
How is being married like puttin' on a tin roof	If you don't nail her good she'll be at the neighbors.
How do shellfish get high	At a clam bake
How can you spot a racist in a crowd	They're the ones shouting ""Black Lives Matter!
How do you circumcise a priest	Kick a little boy in the jaw.
How come when someone goes to sit down and the seat is dirty they use their hand to wipe the seat then wipe their dirty  hands on their pants	What was the point
How do you cut the Roman Empire in half	With a pair of Caesars!
How do skunks like their e-mails	Scent.
How do you sink a norwegian submarine	Swim down and knock on the hatch. (In Sweden we have a running tradition of telling jokes about stupid norwegians. They do the same about swedes)
How do you get a Twinkie pregnant	How to put it in a box of Ding Dongs.
How many men do a feminist need to make her sandwich	two. One from front and another from behind.
How do you keep a turkey in suspense	...... ...... ...... I'll get back to you in a few weeks
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb	nobody ever changed that light bulb because we are to fat and lazy to do it
How can you tell when the blonde's boyfriend's birthday is	when she has a belt-buckle imprint on her forehead
How do you make Polish sausage	First you gotta find a retarded pig...
How do you call a sex doll when you can see the whites of its eyes	Full
How do you write an essay that blows people away	With lots of drafts
How did the mystic respond when asked what he's doing tonight	Your mommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do	enough to kill 2 1/2 men.
How do you cure depression	A gun.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl	With a dustpan.
How does Hillary Clinton say goodbye	Seizure later!
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	That's not funny.
How do you get your girlfriend to fart	Pull out
How did Harry Potter cross the road	Walking Jk rolling
How does a blonde turn a light on after sex	She opens the car door.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up.
How can you tell when a Serbian girl isn't wearing any underwear	By the dandruff on her shoes.
How much lube should you buy to prepare to have sex with a McDonald's fry cook with a cheddar fetish	About a quart to pound her with cheese.
How are tornadoes and women alike	They both moan like hell when they come, and they take the whole damn house when they leave.
How many Libertarian Capitalists does it take to change a light bulb	I ain't buyin those fancy *Tek-noh-lo-jikal* Big-Government ones. The free market idn't ready.
How many Carpathians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know, Vigo and see. (best read in Yanosh's voice)
How do you make a nun pregnant	You fuck her.
How do you know that Abraham Lincoln was Jewish	He was shot in the temple.
how many hitlers does it take to change a light bulb	nein edit: i dont know if this is posted before, it probably has but i thought of it myself, no hate :3
How can you tell if an elephant's been to your birthday party	Look for his footprints in the ice cream.
How awesome were the 50s	None of the girls had tramp stamps & you could smoke in hospitals.
Q: How many Italians does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: Two. One to change it and one to sprinkle it with Parmesan.
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas	With Little Caesars
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tit-alot
How does a _____ (insert race, occupation, etc. ) find his goat in tall grass	Very satisfying
How many ants does it take to rent a house	Ten ants. ^lol
How do you know you're leading a sad life	When a nymphomaniac tells you ""Let's just be friends.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb	None. That's a hardware problem.
How do you know your girlfriend is too young for you	You have to make airplane noises to put your dick in her mouth
How do you frighten a Bee	Sneak up behind it and yell BOO BEE!
How do you make a hormone	Kick her in the shin.
How many Passive Aggressive P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	Oops.I can't believe I broke the last one. I guess you'll have to sit in the dark.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	Just one. From Chuck Norris.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Juan
How long does it take to build a castle	A Fortnight
How can you tell if there is a pilot in the room	He will tell you.
How many mexicans can you fit in a bus	All of them.
How would you describe frankenstein's birth	Shocking!
How does trump fire a gun	He tells the bullet it's fired.
How does a gay guy remove a condom	He farts
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	to get to the other side.
how many hipsters does it take to put in a lightbulb	its a realy obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
How can you tell if a loaf of bread is a boy or girl	Feel around for the dough nuts
How do we know Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders in the glove compartment.
How did the pastry chef do on the donut-making exam	She passed with frying crullers.
How did the pepper end up getting killed	A salt with deadly weapon
How does Gandalf know he's pregnant	A wizard is never late.
How do you disappoint a pack of redditors	[removed]
How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only one, but it'll take at least 6 episodes!
How many physicists does it take to change a light bulb	Two! one to change the light bulb and the other to rotate the universe!
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Fish.
How many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb	Ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, ""Pssh, I can do that.
How do you know when a black woman is pregnant	When you pull out her tampon and all the cotton is picked.
How do we know that Adam wasn't a black man	Have you ever tried taking a rib from a black man!!?!
How are the homeless like votes	Republicans have them thrown out.
How does Dr. Dre like to be told a story	Chronic-logically.
How do you make a 90's kid mad	The game.
How does Father Christmas request a four-way at a brothel	Ho ho ho
Q: How do librarians file melted marshmallows	A: According to the Gooey Decimal System.
How does a Marxist jack off	By seizing the means of reproduction.
How do you know when you're turning 40	When your candy jar is filled with Tums..... My wife just came up with that one... Birthday is next week.. Ugh
How many Tumblr women does it take to change a light bulb	I WILL NOT BE A VICTIM!
how do you catch a unique bunny	unique up on it. :) How do you catch a tame bunny? The TAME way!!! favorite cheesy joke.
How do you stop a clown from laughing	Hit it in the face with an axe.
How do Orcs eat their food	By goblin it down.
How did the hamburger introduce his girlfriend to his parents	Meat patty
How do you figure out that your girlfriend is getting too fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How do you help a paraplegic kill themselves	Give them a push.
How do you make a dead baby float	1 cup of milk 2 scoops of dead baby.
How Long is a Chinamen	Yes he is.
How do you know Satan's barbeque ribs are good	Cos they're trident tested. #noapologies
How does praying lead to a blow job	I don't know, ask an alter boy.
How does a bassist's brain cell die	Alone.
How do you know Santa Claus is married	He only comes once a year.
How does a Confederate flag and a rainbow flag differ	The latter represents people that win.
How does a composer remember which groceries to buy	She writes a Chopin Liszt.
How do you know a Muslim is lying	their lips are moving
How do you know if you're in a French Village	If you see sap buckets on telephone poles.
How do you kill a blue elephant	With a blue elephant gun. How do you kill a pink elephant? You strangle it until it turns blue, and then shoot it with the blue elephant gun.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just beat the room for being black.
How do gossipy hamburgers spend their time	They chew the fat.
Q: How many Development Executives does  it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Well first let's talk about the concept behind this whole ""light bulb"" thing.
How does a flower get pollinated	Beez Nuts!
How many black people does it to pave a driveway	One. You just have to spread him real thin.
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Not 6, because it's still dark down there...
How do you get a fat chick into bed	Piece a' cake!
how do you piss of a frenchman	ask him what part of canada he's from
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced	A buck an ear (buccaneer).
How do we know the Indians were the first  people in North America	They had reservations.
How do you catch a Pokemon	Dig a hole and put Ash Ketchum in it. Then when a Pokemon comes by, run up and kick it in the Ash-hole.
How do you know if Helen Keller just masturbated	She spits when she talks.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Only Juan
How do you get a lot of people to check out your post	Mark it NSFW
How does a german get to the airport	He heils a taxi!
How many panhandlers dose it take to change a light bulb ''There's change in the light bulb	''
How do you make Instagram worthy coffee	#nofilter
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb	One. But it takes the whole emergency room to remove it.
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's House	All right, all right, all right..
How many pallbearers are needed at an Indian funeral	2, it only takes two people to carry a trash-can.
How did the dog's owner know his pet was angry  about having soap flakes for breakfast	He foamed at the mouth.
Q: How many buddhists does it take to change a light bulb	A: Three - one to change it, one to not-change it and one to both change-and not-change it.
How do you get a fool to read something	Mark it as NSFW
How many vampires does it take to open the Curtain on Daylight	Just one with depression.
How do you know when the moon is going broke	When it's down to its last quarter.
How to know if a cat is male or female, from far	Put a cup of milk on the floor. If he comes it's a male and if she comes it's a female !
How do you keep a retard in suspense	...
How does a Jewish man make coffee	He brews it
How many doctors does it take to change a light bulb	Only one but he has to have a nurse to tell him which end to screw in.
How many punks does it take to change a light bulb	None. Punks never changed anything.
How did they know Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders on the dashboard.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the Fresh Prints.
How do barmen surf the web	On the Gin-ternet.
How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. But it takes 5 episodes.
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass	Satisfying.
How did the dog feel when he lost his  flashlight	Delighted.
How do they educate locomotive drivers	They train them
How many Freudians does it take to change my mother	Edit: Sorry, I mean light bulb. &amp;nbsp; A: Two. One to change the light bulb, and one to hold my dick. &amp;nbsp; Edit: Dang. I mean the ladder.
How do you get Americans to join a World War	Tell them it's nearly finished.
How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb	One, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How do you encourage a potter while he's glazing his bowl	Way to go dude, you're kiln it!
How do you make a hormone	Kick her in the crotch.
[One liner] How do you make an archaeolgist mad	Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
How Does An American Commit Suicide	They jump off their high horse. ^^^ThisIsJustJoke
How do you know when there's a vegetarian at your bbq	They'll tell you.
How do you tell if a girl is ticklish	You give her a test-tickle.
How does a mathematical pedophile refer to a child who just turned 8 years old	As someone who has passed their prime.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating	A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
How did the Catholic Priest finish the marathon	He was second to Nun.
How many pregnant women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. She holds it while the world revolves around her.
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb	One to change the bulb and one to provide suppressing fire.
How do Australians sleep	With their heads at the foot of the bed.
How did the police determine which turtle ate the diamond ring	They conducted an in-turtle investigation.
How Many Surrealists Does It Take to Change a Light Bulb	Fish
How bad does an atheist smell	Ungodly
How many guys in IT does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to identify that the lightbulb has indeed burned out, and one to call the maintenence man to change the lightbulb.
How did feminism start	Some guy forgot to lock the kitchen door
How do you keep an imbecile happy all his life	Tell him a joke when he's a baby !
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Strap a steak to the ceiling
How do you know your friend has been at the gym	Don't worry, he'll tell you.
How do you get a hipster to take a shower	Give them a leaky showerhead. You know, so they can avoid the main stream.
How did the hipster drown	He went ice skating on a lake before it was cool.
How much does a pirate pay for an ear piercing	A buck an ear
How do you fit an elephant in the subway	(x-post) You take the 'S' out of sub, and the 'F' out of way.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	Hit that faggot with your car.
How do you stop a nigger from raping a girl	Throw him a basketball
How many Economists does it take to change a lightbulb	Depends on the supply and demand curve
How well did the Mexican do for his class test	He got a borderline pass.
How do you get a little old lady to say the ""F"" word	Yell bingo.
How is Trump vs. Clinton like Godzilla vs. Mothra	No matter who wins, the city will be destroyed.
How many guitar players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2 . One to screw it in and another to say, ""I could do that"".
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just hold it in the socket and expect the world to revolve around them.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking...... JK Rowling
How do trees use the Internet	They log on
How do you kill a blonde	Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
how do socks reproduce	they have socks. goodnight folks
How are Cigarettes like Hamsters	They're harmless until you put one in your mouth and light in on fire
How did I get out of Iraq	Iran.
How do you get an Asian to crash their car	Make the windshield full screen
How many potatoes does it take to kill a Latvian	None.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	They rearranged the furniture.
How can you tell when a salesperson is lying	His lips are moving.
How many lawyers does it take to stop a moving bus	Never enough.
How is crossing an intersection like going to jail	If you're a white man, you're free to walk.
How can you tell if your wife left you	You get laid the same amount of times but the dishes start to pile up. Hey now!
How many electricians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	In little knotsies
How I broke my cat's knees	With rude eyes.
How many animals can you fit in a pair of pantyhose...	10 little piggies, 2 calves, a beaver, a clam, an ass, some hares, and a fish that no one can seem to find
How did the Scottish man find the sheep in the tall grass	Surprisingly pleasing.
How do you identify a baboon	Easy, they stick out like a sore bum!
How did Dr Frankenstein pay the men who built  his monster	On a piece rate.
How do you catch a unique bird	Unique up on it.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Oh you don't know? Never mind. You wouldn't get it.
How many men does it take to wallpaper a feminists house	Only one, but you have to slice him REALLY thin!
How did Hitler check the price of his clothes	He looked at the Reichstag.
How long does it take a monkey to fly a plane from LA to New York	About 6 hours.
How did the Dairy Queen get pregnant	The Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper!
How many lawyers does it take to shingle a roof	Depends on how thick you slice 'em.
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb	One. Just because she's dead doesn't mean she can't still screw.
How do Russians drive to Alaska	By bearing straight
How can you tell someone's a navy seal	they'll tell you in their novel.
How do you make a slow reindeer fast	Don't feed it !
How does Snoop Dogg prepare for Christmas	he raps his presents
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick question. Feminists don't change anything
How does a candy bar laugh	It snickers
Q: How are women and rocks alike	A: You skip across the flat ones.
How is marijuana stock sold on the stock market	Buy high sell higher.
How many zen buddists does it take to screw in a light bulb	One and not one.
How do you know when you are going to drown in milk	When it's past your eyes.
How do Muslims cook their eggs	Sunni side up.
How do you get a ghost to lie perfectly  flat	You use a spirit level.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like a choir boy.
How does a black girl know she's pregnant	When she pulls out her tampon the cotton is already picked
How can you get four suits for under $2.00	Buy a deck of cards.
How many Asians does it take to change a light bulb	2. 1 to change the light bulb, the other to take pictures.
How do astronomers organize a party	They planet.
How does Bob Marley like his doughnut	w' jammin it
How did Princess Aurora catch her prince	She became a sleeper agent
How do you get a Jewish girls number	roll her sleeve up
how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Two: One to eat my ass. One to suck my dick. I screw in the light bulb...
How many verses did the Prophet Muhammad write	Allah-t. Thanks for listening.
How does a boat captain determine his profit	By using aquadratic equation. (Via my coworker)
How many apples grow on trees	All of them
How many Police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they are too busy beating the shit out the room for being black.
How do you make a mailman cry	You kill his family
Q: How many Taureans does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None: Taureans don't like to change anything.
How did the midget feel after sleeping all night in a coffin	A little stiff.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	One to attempt to screw it in and the rest to bitch and complain about how its mans fault that it's so hard to do.
How many cops does it take to push a man down the stairs	None, he fell.
How do you make your dick look bigger	Take a picture of it in a 5 year old's hand
How do you keep an Idiot occupied	[Click here to find out]( http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1v1wqm/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_occupied/)
How did the Burger King get the Dairy Queen pregnant	He forgot to wrap his whopper.
How do you blind a woman	You put a windshield in front of her.
How do skateboarders see	So gnar
How many post-minimalists does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. On e to he lp with t he he lp with one two with and the oth there to {}}}}}}}}}}}}} and th e to two with lp he
How does the Navy separate the men from the boys	With a crowbar
How do you fit 10 lbs of shit into a 5 lb sack	The same way you take the F out of 'way'
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb	Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Just follow the Fresh Prints!
How do you make Manischewitz Wine	Kick him in the nuts.
How did the hipster burn his mouth	HE drank coffee before it was cool, man
How do you catch an elephant	You dig a big hole, fill it with ash, and put peas around the outside of the hole. When the elephant comes up to take a pea, you kick him in the ash hole.
How can you tell when a Software Developer is an extrovert	He looks at *your* shoes when he's talking to you.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	None
How can you tell when a man pumping gas is a male porn star	Right before the gas stops pumping, he pulls out the nozzle and sprays it all over the car.
How did the Haji find the goat in the tall grass	Satisfying
How can you tell if a Redditor is a female	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many grains of sand are there in the world	As many as 27. I'm referring to the number of times good ol' 27 was reposted.
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport	By separating the good Juans from the bad Juans!
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they'll just beat the room for being black.
How do you make an octopus laugh	Give it ten tickles!
How is your golf game	Eh... It's sub-par.
How is a hailstone like an onion	-They are both whitish and have layers
How did the butcher introduce his wife	'Meet Patty!'
How does Norman Bates get to the Bates Motel	He takes the psycho path! (I'll see myself out...)
How did the hipster burn their lips	They ate the pizza before it was cool
How does a 49er fan change a light bulb	He doesn't he just talks about how great it use to be
How did the mathematician solve his constipation problems	The same way he solved all other problems: He worked it out with a pencil and paper.
How do you make a Jewish girl scream twice	Fuck her in the ass then wipe your dick on the bedspread.
Q: How was the pig defeated in court	A: Oinkontroverible evidence against it and oinkonsistencies in the defense.
How do we know Paul Walker had dandruff	We found his Heads &amp; Shoulders in the glove box.
How can you tell if a black woman is pregnant	When she pulls the tampon out the cotton is already picked.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but the trick is finding two people small enough to fit IN the lightbulb...
How does Smaug copy files to a USB stick	Dragon drop
How many nice guys does it take to screw a lightbulb	0 cause they'll compliment it then get pissed off when it won't screw
How do you starve an black man	Hide his food stamps under his work boots.
How does a woman destroy a mans pride with 4 words	Is it in yet? How does a man destroy a womans pride with 4 words? I don't know.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Juan
How much did the Holocaust	Not enough Jews.
How heavy is a dumpling	Wanton
How do you call Bob the Builder when he is unemployed	Bob
How do you top a car	with the break tupid!
How are fat girls and mopeds similar	They are fun to ride, but you don't want your friends to find out.
How do you get a blonde on a roof	Tell her drinks are on the house.
How do frogs manage to lay so many eggs	They sit eggsaminations !
How do you turn a cow into a steak	You mootilate it.
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend	He gave her a ring.
How many A.D.D. kids does it take to change a light bulb	Look a squirrel!
How is Microsoft like Bob Marley	I do updates before I do updates. And then I do updates.
How is learning to ride a bicycle and 9/11 alike	Because you never forget!
How do you change the light bulb in the dark	You don't. The police shoot you.
How does a redheaded surgeon operate	Gingerly
How does a nucleus get out of prison	Through the cell wall. *Badum tss* :D
How many Estonians you need to build a house in Finland	Who knows, there is no tax record of it.
How do you kill 10 flies with one hit	You punch african kid in the face.
How do you get Akbar to shut up	Muzzle'm.
How do you prevent a canoe from tipping	Paint it black.
How do you know if someone went to Harvard	They tell you.
How many aardvarks can ride on an elephant	Six... three on the back and three in the trunk!
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Well, at least two, provided the lightbulb is big enough.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's a hardware issue.
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	Two: one to screw in the bulb and one to hold the ~~cock~~ ~~father~~ LADDER
Q: How many Clinton White House officials does  it take to change a lightbulb	A: None. They like to keep him in the dark!
How do you get around fast on the bottom of the sea	Skates!
How many homophones does it take to change a lightbulb	Nun.
How do you get a witch pregnant	You fuck 'er.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	They rearranged the furniture in the room
How do you make a 4 year old girl cry twice	Wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear.
How do Germans tie their shoes	In little Nazis
How can you tell your boyfriend has gained weight	You fit into his clothes.
How do thieves kiss	They make out like bandits.
How does a mathematician swear	Math-you.
How do you confuse Hellen Keller	Give her a basketball, and tell her to read it.
How did the Mexican want his sex	Orale, homes!
How did the toad feel in the morning	A little bit froggy
How did the newspaper go about reviewing the opera production	They followed Standard Opera-rating Procedure
How do you celebrate Christopher Columbus day	Barge into your neighbor's home and claim it as yours.
How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse at a hospital	She's the one with the dirty knees.
How many house flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just the standard two, but I'll be damned if I know how they got in there.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for fresh Prince
How do you cure a mute coworker	Tell them a secret
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	None. The light bulb has to do the changing.
How do you call black guy that missed his train	Nigga, you racist!
How much for the giant, walk-in medicine cabinet	Sir, this is a liquor store.
How was Snoop Dogg murdered	Blunt force trauma.
How do you make a cat sound like a dog	You light on fire. *woof*
How far can you run into the woods	Halfway, any further and you're running out.
how to be a good DJ	press ""PLAY"" and don't touch anything ever again
How do you know when a blond is having a bad day	Because a tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
How do you unpoopify water	Boil the shit out of it.
How do you know that Darth Vader isn't a black man underneath the mask	He claims to be your father. Edit: it's just a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
How many guns do the US need to combat an enemy	Two: one to shoot and one to sell him to shoot back.
How many women does it take to make me a sandwich	What the fuck are you waiting for bitch? Get in there and make me a fucking sandwich!!!
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A Buck-An-Ear
How can you tell if someone is from New York	They always talk about how they're from New York.
How do you call someone named olaf with ebola	Ebolaf
How do you titilate an ocelot	You oscillate its tits a lot.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	THATS NOT FUNNY (must yell it)
Q: How does a blonde kill a fish	A: She drowns it.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for fresh prints
How can you tell if an engineer is an extrovert	They look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
How do you get over trophobia	Look at the hole photo for 30 seconds straight
How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb	Irrelevant, you will be assimilated!
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb	They can't, they're not bright enough.
How did the medical community come up with the term ""PMS""	Mad Cow Disease"" was already taken.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I will tell you later. SOURCE: Heard it on the subway
How did the Greek army separate the men from the boys	With a crowbar
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but I dunno how they got in there.
How do you start a rave in Uganda	Tape a slice of bread to the ceiling
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!
How many Microsoft executives does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They just redefine 'darkness' as an industry standard.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	That's not funny.
How do depressed people play the violin	With a razor and their wrist.
How does Microsoft count to 10	1, 2, 3, 95, 98, ME, NT, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	Break that faggots spine.
How do you make a cat bark	Drench it with gasoline, drop a lighted match on it... Woof!
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	? None. They just beat the room for being black
How Do You Kill a Trumpet Player	You shove then off their ego!
How does Moses make coffee	Hebrews it. I'll show myself out.
How do you make an archeologist blush	Give them a dirty tampon and ask what period its from.
How did Geordi La Forge go blind	He turned on the UV light in the Holodeck.
How much cash can you make robbing an Indian restaurant	As much as you can curry.
How many tax advisors does it take to change a light bulb	In the summer there is a tax deductible convention in Hawaii dealing exactly with this issue.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	TENTACLES!
How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How do you make a baby cry twice	NSFL You wipe your bloody dick on his/her teddy bear.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None.
How do you stop a Polish battletank	Shoot the guy pushing it.
Q: How many Capricorns does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None: Why should I bother? It's probably just going to burn out again tomorrow anyway.
how much does a polar bear weigh	enough to break the ice what's up girl my name is bill
How do you end a relationship fight	You break it up.
How do you get 50 little old ladies to scream FUCK at the same time	Have the 51st scream BINGO!
How do you tell if someone is a metalhead, pot-smoker or pro-gay	They never shut up about it! :D
How soft is Bill Gate's pillow	Microsoft.
How do crabs get out of hospitals	On crotches.
How does a cow do math	With a cowculator!
How does Rudy Giuliani count to 10	He doesn't; he skips 1-8 and says 9-11 ten times.
How do you ask someone if they're Vegan	You don't need to, they'll tell you
how much onion does dad use in his bolognese	shallot
How do you piss of an archaeologist	Hand him a tampon and ask what period it's from.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	Ill tell you tomorow.
How does an economist open a can of beans	Assume you have a can opener...
How do rednecks know when their sister is on her period	Their dad's dick tastes like blood.
How can U make a difference	Good Mourning! *(this pun is baaad and I feel terrible about it)*
How does a mermaid give birth	By sea-section!
How do farmers party	They *turnip* the *beets*. :/
How did Australians get ebola	By eating at Outbreak Steak House
How do you beat the Islanders	Give 'em a 3 goal lead
How many black metalheads does it take to change a light bulb	100. 1 to change the light bulb and the other 99 to complain about how the old light bulb was much better.
How did the detective know the Necrophile Killer was a hipster	He fucked his victims before they were cool.
How does a barnacle like its martinis	On the rocks.
Q: How do ghosts fly from one place to another	A: By scareplane.
How long does it take a tweaker to go shopping	An hour 5 minutes for the Ramen noodles and foil. 55 minutes to fix the squeaky shopping cart wheel.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a light-bulb	None, that is a hardware problem.
How many Americans does it take to screw a lightbulb	None. Their President outsources the job to India.
How many blacks does it take to start a riot	-1
How did Hellen Keller burn her ear	She answered the iron.
How do hens encourage their football teams	They egg them on!
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank coffee, before it was cool.
How do depressed frogs die	They Kermit suicide.
How many nails are there in a lesbian's coffin	None. It is all tongue and groove
How Do they say ""F**k You"" in Hollywood	Trust Me...
How does the Consigliere get into the Godfather's house late at night	with his own set of donkeys!
How do you know if a Catholic girl puts out	Ask her about her relationship with her father
How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach	It's not hard.
How does a CANDU reactor work	By believing in itself.
How Hitler eat a vegetable	He jew it.
How do you catch a whale	You wait until last call and use a good pick up line.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Fish.
How do you call a lesbian's pussy	The no man's land. (From me, but that's an easy one, so someone must have come up with it before. But as a frenchman, I'm pretty proud of it.)
How do you f*ck a Greece woman	Get a job at the ECB
How can you tell which end of a worm is which	Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs !
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
How do you describe getting cancer on your resume	As a real growth opprotunity
How do you call an insanely rich proton that spent all of his money to become an electron	Ex centric
How do you milk a sheep	With iPhone periph**e**rals.
How much is twelve units of mass	Dozen matter.
How many feminists does it take to screw in lightbulb	It doesn't matter how many you get, because all they'll do is sit around complaining about how misogynistic the use of the word ""screw"" is.
How do you know if you are at a gay picnic	The hot dogs taste like shit.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one but the bulb has to really want to change.
How do you keep a hard on	Don't fuck with it.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Just Juan.
How do you make endocrine	Endocrine is not a hormone.
How are music and candy similar	We throw away the rappers.
How do German women know when they're pregnant	They're never late...
How did Kim Kardashian get her hands on Liberace's bath robe	#GrammysRedCarpet
How do you stop a mexican tank	You shoot the guy pushing it.
Q: How many Bill Clintons does it take to  change a lightbulb	A: Two--One to promise he'll do it better than anyone else and one to obscure the issues.
How does the Navy separate the men from the boys	...with a crowbar.
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb	One, but the light bulb has to want to change
How many Gentlesirs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Screw is such a harsh word, M'Lightbulb. I have too much respect for lamps to use it."" &lt;Tips fedora&gt;
How did the mermaid prostitute make all her money	Blue whales
How do you piss off an emo	Give them a dull razor.
How do you know if a blonde has been in the refrigerator	There's lipstick on the cucumbers.
How do you shut up a deaf person	Punch them in the hands.
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	Tentacles.
How can you tell you're at a gay cookout	The hotdogs smell like shit.
How did the hacker kill himself	Overddos.
How do the Chinese pick a name for their child	They throw a spoon down the stairs
How do soldiers tell if a woman is a genuine Red-Head	If it's red on top, fire in the hole.
how do you know you are a real redneck	you let your 12yr old daughter smoke in front of her kids.
How do you tell a good farmer	He's outstanding in his field
How does a cactus do his math homework	He uses a cacti-lator!
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How do you start to politely tell someone that their God isn't in the stars	Well... If it's any constellation...
How many Nazi skin heads does it take to screw in a light bulb	10, 1 to do it and 9 to back him up. Source: https://redandblackbritain.wordpress.com/humour/
How do you tell 2 Scotsmen apart	You lift their kilts, and whichever one of them has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	Attractive.
How do you make exotic matter	By taking a shit in a rainforest!
Q: How do you stop a Polish army on horseback	A: Turn off the carousel.
How does Brutus eat his salad	With a knife and Caesar dressing.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose	2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a whole bunch of hairs, and a fish that you just can't seem to find
How did the pedophile pianist get caught	He accidentally let people hear him playing in D-minor.
How did the high speed car chase end	Caught eem! Hahaaa caught eem.
How do you stop a metal from rusting	Use some antioxidants
How does a Tyrannosaurus Rex scratch it's junk	It squats down on a Triceratops.
How many pixies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
How many women does it take to park a car	A man.
How do you say nachos in English	Mine.
How do rain drops marry	-They coalesce
How long is a short circuit	As long as it takes to ***find*** it!
How do I know thieves are bad kissers	Because apparently I make out like a bandit.
How many Orthodox Hasidic Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, ya mensch. It's Shabbat.
how many black live matters protester does it take to screw in a light bulb	no one knows it was too dark to see them.
How do you know when your sister is on her period	When your dad's dick tastes like blood..
How can you make money fast	Glue it to the floor.
How long does it take for a Jew to get 100 meters far	It depends on the wind strength.
How many confederate flag bearing husbands does it take to beat up their wives	None, she fell down the stairs.
How do you tell the difference between the front and back of a tree	Go to the toilet, because you would never shit in front of a tree.
How do dogs like to have sex	RUFF!
How many Frenchmen does it take to guard Paris	No one knows, it's never been done before
How do doctors treat mesothelioma	Asbestos they can.
How does an Alabama girl know she's in for a crazy night	Her daddy says he wants her in bed by ten.
How can you kill an idiot with half a dollar	Throw it under a bus.
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb	Well... none. But their friend did once.
How many racecar drivers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's impossible, they only know how to turn to the left.
How do you tell the difference between a Pakistani wedding and an ISIS training camp	I don't know, I just fly the drone
How do you say 50 cents name in Zimbabwe	400 MILLION DOLLARS!!!
How many dead orphans does it take to change a lightbulb	Obviously more than 10, cause it's still pretty dark in my basement.
How many Scene kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Some obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
How many people with no humor does it take to change a lightbulb	One.
How do you get down off of an elephant	You dont. You get down off a goose.
How will Trump fund the wall	He'll get the money from *wall* street
How do girls know when they are adults	When they start to like spankings
How do you get a whale off a beach	A whale-barrow!
How do you get a gay to fuck a women	Shit in her cunt
Q: How do you catch a squirrel	A: Climb in a tree and act like a nut.
How did the Fonz die	Ayyyds
How did they keep the pilot out of the cockpit	With an Allahu Lockbar.
How did the Machine Learning professor pick which of his undergrads to have sex with	He used a Naive Babe Classifier. ... Sorry for the nerd joke; I'll show myself out.
How many NBA refs does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they only screw playoff games.
How does french cheese expire	From age
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants	Juan by Juan
How many babies does it take to paint a house	Depends on how hard you throw them
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb	Let's go ride bikes!
How do you sink a submarine full of blondes	Knock on the door.
How do you tell if a woman is a feminist	She'll tell you within five minutes.
How did Jesus stay in shape	Crossfit
How can you tell there are two elephants in your fridge	You have to put the partly-eaten dismembered body of your infant daughter in the freezer instead.
How to do fit ten popes in a vw bug	Tell them to take off their hats
How is prison like quidditch	The game ends when they catch the snitch
How do you catch an elephant	Dig a hole, line it with peas and fill it with ashes. That way when the elephant comes to take a pea, you kick him in the ash hole.
Q: How many Survivors does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: One to start screwing it in and the rest to vote 'em off the ladder.
How many Mexicans does it take to replace a serviceable part of a complex machine	Just Juan and Emmanuel.
How do you best serve burned food	Coal'd.
Q: How does a blonde moonwalk	A: She pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor!
How does Hitler tie his shoes	With little Nazis, tiny little knotziz
How do you make a faggot have sex with a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How did girls text before emojis	Hey I can't wait to see you tonight! PARTY HAT MARTINI GLASS NOISEMAKER BEER MUG CAT DOG SUNGLASSES POOP
How do farmers find their sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying!!
How can you tell elephants love to travel	They are always packing their trunk !
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris	......All of it.
How many French horn players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	100, 1 to screw it in and 99 to say how they could do it better.
How do you make a dead baby float	2 scoops vanilla, 1 scoop dead baby.
How do you know if you're at a gay barbecue	The hotdogs taste like shit.
How do you kill a troll	Take away its internet access.
How does a Trumpie become a smooth talker	Takes a laxative.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	Buccaneer.
How do we fix boxing	We can't. It's already fixed.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowplow	Give her a shovel.
How does a lawyer name their kids	Bill and Sue
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	1 to hold the bulb in place and 100 to spin the house around it.
How does a Bee get to work	He catches a buzz.
How do skeletons communicate	A cell bone. *just got it off a popsicle.
How much does wonton soup weigh	One ton, but I don't know anyone that'd wantonly order it.
How many FIFA officials does it take to change a light bulb	**None**. They operate in the **dark**.
Q: How do you make a violin sound like a viola	A: Sit in the back and don't play.
How do you prepare for a party in space	You Planet Thanks u/BostonCentrist
How many kidnapped children does it take to change a lightbulb	The parents would love to know.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart	- She starts her sentence with ""A man once told me...
How do you prepare corn like Sean Connery	Shuck it long, and shuck it hard.
How do they say ""fuck you"" in Los Angeles	Trust me.
How many women here think men are pigs	Let me see a show of tits.
How do Astronauts screw in a lightbulb	They don't: They screw in a vacuum.
How do you make holy water	Boil the hell out of it!
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	2 and I have no idea how they got in there!
How many chocolate bunnies can you put into an empty Easter basket	One. After that the basket won't be empty.
How do you take your coffee	**Barista:** How do you take your coffee? **Customer:** Ferguson Police **Barista:** Huh? **Customer:** Black, two shots.
How many ghosts does it take to change one lightbulb	Zero. They don't exist.
Q: How does a cow add and subtract	A: With a cowculator.
How do you combat espionage	Umbreonage
how many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	one to drop it and the rest to pick it up pick it up pick it up pick it up
How do porcupines have sex	Very..................... . carefully.
How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	4... one to drop it and three to PICK IT UP, PICK IT UP, PICK IT UUUUUUUP!!!
How does an astronaut cut his hair	Eclipse it.
How do you make a cookie dance	Throw a little dough at it!
How do you catch a polar bear	You make a hole in the ice and line it with peas. When the bear goes in to take a pea, you kick him in the ice hole.
How do you know an Asian broke into your home	The computer's upgraded, the cat is missing and they're still trying to back the fuck outta the driveway.
How do computers learn to read	C:/ Dos C:/ Dos Run Run Dos Run
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate its tit a lot.
How many Hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	...it's this really obscure number. You've probably never even heard of it. No big deal.
How can you tell retarded kids form the art students	Retards don't wear Black.
How do you milk sheeps	With Apple accessories.
How did the pothead propose to his girlfriend	Marriage.. you wanna?
Q: How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	A: None, that's a hardware problem.
How do you know a North Korean robbed your house	All your printer paper is gone and when you look at the printer history it's all Kim Jong-un.
How does Google celebrate its birthday	With a search party.
How do you find and old man in the dark	Just feel around. It's not hard.
How do you turn fruits into vegetables	Drive a bus through a pride parade
How do you handle a redheads anger	Gingerly.
How long does it take to drive across France	3 days by panzer
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None. Feminists can't change anything
How do you make a clown cry	Kill his entire family.
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus	At the circus the clowns don't talk.
How do you call a gay person from Russia	Sergei.
How do you turn a link on r/jokes purple	You choke the shit out of him
How do you annoy a Worldnews redditor	Comment after reading the article.
How was the grand canyon formed	A Jew dropped a penny down a gopher hole
How do you spell ""we"" with two letters  without using the letters W and E	U and I.
How many copies can you make of a page without a copying machine	Xero.
How long is one minute	It depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
How can you spell chilly with two letters	IC (icy) .
How do you confuse a straight person	Tell them they're straight.
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	[Answer here!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2q2uaq/how_many_karma_whores_does_it_take_to_change_a/)
How do you know that a plane from the UK has landed	An hour after its landed its still whining.
How fast do lesbians have sex	Lickety-split.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Only Juan.
How much penis	Soooo much penis.
How many koalas does it take to screw in a light bulb	Technically just one, as long as he's koalafied.
How Many Hispanics Does It Take To Hold Up A Roof	Just Juan....
How many contradictory Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Nein.
How many Poaz does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop	. None she is the joke
How did the trout become a symbol for Christianity	Easy. By dropping ""trou
How chi was the Olympics	So chi
How does Lady Gaga like her meat	Raw Raw Rawhahaha...
How do Alaska CB radio operators say  ""10-4""	5-5-2-2.
How many	How many elephants can you fit into a Matterbooboo? ""What's a Matterbooboo?"" Nothing Yogi.
Q: How would a blonde punctuate the following	: ""Fun fun fun worry worry worry"" A: Fun period fun period fun NO PERIOD worry worry worry!
How do you tell a joke about ISIS	It's all about the execution
How do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
How do you turn on a female mathematician	You Euler up.
How many cats sawed in half does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently 10 aren't enough :\
How do you find will smith in a snowstorm	You look for fresh prints
How do you kill a snail	With an as-salt rifle!
How do they call women that don't suck dick	They don't call them at all.
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb	None. That's a hardware problem.
How does batman order his iced water	Can I get that..Just ice
How are an alcoholic and necrophiliac similar	Both enjoy cracking open a cold one.
How are babies and strippers alike	They're fun to play with but I wouldn't want to take one home
Q: How many editors does it take to  change a light bulb	A: If we change the light bulb we'll have to change everything.
How do you piss off an animal rights activist	You eat pita bread.
How many dogs does it take to change a tampon	26
How do you know when you're staying in a hillbilly hotel	When you call the front desk and say, ""I gotta leak in my sink,"" and the clerk replies, ""okay, Go ahead.
How does Donald Drumpf change a lightbulb	He doesn't. He hires people with long fingers to do it for him.
How many men do you need to defend Paris	I have no idea. Nobody ever tried.
How many graphic designers does it take to change a light bulb	Does it have to be a light bulb? 'Cause I had this other idea...
How do you seperate the men from the boys	A crowbar.
How do you know when there's a lead singer on your porch	They can't find the right key and don't know when to come in.
How did the electron board the train	It lepton
Q: How do mathematicians scold their children	A: ""If I've told you n times, I've told you n+1 times ...
How do you confuse a blonde	Hold up two shovels and say, ""Take your pick.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb	The answer may shock you.
How are you going to pay the Chihuahua who helped  you to set up your computer	With dog diskettes!
How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb	One.
How do stoners travel	On the canna-bus.
How many startup CEOs does it take to change a light bulb	Change a light bulb? Pfft! We are game changers.
How do you increase a pirates morale	mor ale
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. But, the trouble is getting them in there.
How many Metropolitan Police does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How does Moses make his coffee	HEBREWS it! (He brews it)
How do you say nachos in English	? Mine!
How did the firefly feel when he flew into the fan	He was de-lighted
How are you related to the sun	Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
How do you separate Siamese triplets	WE CUT OUT THE MIDDLEMAN AND PASS THE SAVINGS ALONG TO YOUUUUU!!!
How to make a charity 1. find someone in need 2. Create an organization and donate all revenue to said someone 3.	?? 4. nonprofit
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Definitely not 9, my basement is still dark
How many Duggar does it take to screw in a light bulb	They screw children, not light bulbs.
How did the pig get to the hospital	In a hambulance.
How did the man get stuck at the Russian airport	He got snowden.
How does Bob Marley like his donuts	After a couple of spliffs.
How do you get two whales in a Mini Cooper	Take the M4, across the Severn Bridge.
How did the Pillsbury Dough Boy Die	A Yeast Infection
How can you recognize a Gnome Pig	They're the ones with the little red hats.
How's a fart and a teenager alike	Because once you go to sleep, you can't trust either of them to not sneak out.
How many germans does it take to change a light bulb	One, we have no time for humour.
How do you fix a Jack O Latern	With a pumpkin patch!
How do you count cows	You use a cow-culator. Or you round them up. Or any other method the commenters want.
How do cows communicate	Moorse code.
How do you fit three gay guys on a bar stool	Turn it over.
How to get a divorce Wife: Honey, how do I look	Husband: Like a.. Well, great! Wife: Good great or bad great? Husband: Overflowing sewer grate.
[OC] How does Gandhi measure passive resistance	In oooooohms.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A buccaneer (I heard we're doing pirate jokes today)
How do you find a blind man on a nudist beach	It's not hard...
Q: How many Bill Gateses does it take to  change a light bulb	A: One. He puts the bulb in and lets the world revolve around him.
How do they pick kids for the Make-A-Wish Foundation	Natural selection.
How do pirates sing the ABC's	abcdefghijklmnopq AAAAARRRRRR stuvwxy and z
How many seconds are there in a day in Africa	Seconds? They barely get firsts!
How do you stop a dog from biting you on monday	Kill the dog on sunday
How many Budists does it take... How many Budists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. The change, if needed, will come from within.
How many vowels are in the word 'vowel'	Four. O, double-u and e.
How does Tony Stark keep his clothes wrinkle-free	Iron, man.
How are Oscar the Grouch and the Olympic Diving Pools in Rio de Janeiro similar	They're both green, smell like farts, and will stay that way for 47 years.
How do you stop rape in West Virginia	kill all the sheep
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, feminists can't change anything.
How many lives does a Nazi cat have	Nein
How did the firefly react when he was stepped on	He was delighted.
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just shoot the room for being black.
How do we know God likes condoms	Because Adam was ribbed for Eve's pleasure
how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts to fit your wife's clothes. Yes, I know this isn't OC. Nothing on reddit is.
How did the hippie remember the number of wives he had	He counted 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi, 4 Mississippi...
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her	By rearranging the furniture.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Well I guess none; they just put the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How do you...	How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? Give it aids.
How do Muslims close a door	Islams it.
How does Tom Brady like his soda	Flat.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Some obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
[Sportsjoke] How do you know it's going to be a white christmas	It's approaching with deceptive speed.
How can you get hundreds of women wet all at once	Go to a john mayer concert!
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb, the other to hold the ~~penis.~~ ladder.
How to explain to your parents that you are a prostitute Hey mom, remember when I said I was tight for money	Now I'm loose for money.
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist	Ask him/her to pronounce unionized Edit: Gets 3000+ upvotes, Karma remains at 20...
How do you see fish semen	You Blow-Fish!
How many teenage girls does it take to change a lightbulb	11. 1 to change the lightbulb & 10 to take 200 photos of it & clog my newsfeed.
How many nuns are there in a temple	Nun.
How do the Lanisters make large beds	They put two twins together to make a king.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Ask her to roll up her sleeve.
How did Jack get rich	His bean-stock went up.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb	I'm gonna need some specs or an outline of the scope, before I can get you an estimate.
Q: How many Englishmen does it take to screw in  a light bulb	A: What do you mean change it? It's a perfectly good bloody bulb! We have had it for a thousand years and it has worked just *fine*.
How do you keep a Redditor busy for hours	[Click Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/ou62j/how_do_you_keep_a_redditor_busy_for_hours/)
How do Ghosts lay foundations	With a spirit level!
[OC] How does Haskell like his food	Curried.
How do you organize a Space Party	You Planet!
How does Santa Claus take pictures	With his North Pole-aroid.
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts to fit into your wife's clothes.
How do you find out what's in an e-cigarette	Just ask someone not to smoke it next to you.
How do you walk a chicken on a leash	You pullet.
How often do I think about Keira	Knightley.
How was the bird able to pass his math test	He was winging it.
How do trees get on the Internet	They log in.
How do you make dill bread	Dill dough.
How many terrorist jokes are there out there	You'll have to c-4 yourself.
How many German does it take to take down a plane	One. Because he's very efficient and silent while doing it.
How do you get a male cat ""fixed""	Get him Catstrated
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking ... J K Rowling
How do you kill a fox	Give it one leg and make it run across Canada
How many retards does it take to change a light bulb	Well, line up so that I can find out..
How do you kill a blonde	You put a scratch-and-sniff sticker at the bottom of the pool.
How did the man feel when he got a big bill from  the electric company	He was shocked.
How do you know if somebody does crossfit	They are probably in better shape than you.
How many hamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	His Fresh Prints
How does Michael Jackson Beat It	With the Jackson Five
[OC] How does captain hook cook pita bread	With a pita pan.
How did the hipster drown	he jumped in the mainstream
How often does jet fuel melt steel beams	9/11
How do you know if you're sitting in a gay bar	If someone comes up behind you and offers to push your stool in
How do you make a hormone	You don't pay her!
How do hens encourage their football teams	They egg them on !
How do you keep an asshole in suspense	I'll tell you later.
How many scientists it takes to change a lightbulb	None *et al.*
How do you know a girl is into you	Just pinch yourself, if you don't wake up, she doesn't.
How many niggers does it take to win a war	All of them.
Q: How did the blonde kill her toy poodle	A: Trying to put batteries in it.
How do lumber theives offload their stolen goods	They fence it.
Q: How do you get a German out of the bath	A: Turn on the water.
How do you make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles
How did Sherlock reply to Watson's inquiry, ""Sherlock, where did you get all of these lemons	A lemon tree, my dear Watson.
How many blind people does it take to screw in a light bulb	I am not sure, I haven't seen them try and I can't do it either.
How did Peter Parker know Mary Jane was cheating on him	He spied her man.
How can you tell if someone who's having a  temper tantrum is on the phone	You get a tizzy signal!
How can you tell if your son is gay	Ask him to go to a football game. If he can't go, because he's busy sucking his boyfriend's dick, he might be gay.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	None; it's a hardware problem.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's an obscure number, you have probably never heard of it.
How did the cheerleader get magic AIDS	A Magic Johnson.
How was the bear able to move in order to get honey	It had muscles.
How do you say ""Fuck You"" in Yiddish	Trust me!
How can you tell a hippie's been in your house	He's still there when you get home. What's he say when you tell him to leave? ""Na, 'ma stay
How much wood... ...could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck was Chuck Norris	*All of it.*
How to give a woman an orgasm	Dream harder.
How do you weigh a whale	On Whale Weigh Scales.
How many buzzfeed employees does it take to screw a lightbulb	Click here to find out!
How many short term memory loss patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	to get to the other side..
How do the Jedi imprison Siths	With force-fields
How do you make five pounds of fat fun	Add a nipple.
How would you get four reindeer in a car	Two in the front and two in the back! And how do you get four polar bears in a car? Take the reindeer out first
How did Chad Kroeger lose a quarter	Everyone who bought his tickets wanted their nickelback
How are anal sex and spinach the same	If you were forced to have it as a kid, you're going to hate it as an adult.
How do you cover 12 holes with one hole	Take a flute and shove it up your ass.
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb	None, because feminist can't change anything.
How do you know tickle me Elmo is male	Because before he leaves the factory they give him two test tickles.
How can you tell that the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky	Because it is not called a teethbrush.
How do you get an Aussie to climb up on the roof	Tell him drinks are on the house.
How do you know a woman is wearing tights	- Her knees swell up when she farts.
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb	It only takes one, but we weren't able to get the work done in 1 term because we inherited a really bad situation from the prior administration.
How do we know that Jesus wasn't born in Mexico	Because he'd never have been able to find 3 wise men and a virgin.
How do you end beef with someone	With the assistance of your friend, use a machete to chop the cow into pieces.
How does Moses make tea	Hewbrews it.
how did the Imam order his dessert	Allah mode
How do you tell when somebodies a vegan	You don't, they will tell you.
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero	Three. Two to get murdered and one to never get over it.
How did Hitler react to the fall of Berlin	He did Nazi-it coming.
How many SJW's does it take to change a 90w lightbulb	Did you just assume my wattage??? FLICKERED
How do you find the circumference of a sheep	Use shepherds pi
How did Djengis Khan found Mongolia	One steppe at a time.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his tea before it was cool.
How did Helen Keller get punished	Her mom rearranged the living room
How do you mess with a blind person	Leave the plunger in the toilet.
How do you put elephant in the fridge	- Answer is open the door and just put the elephant in the fridge.
how do you help gay psychopaths	With a straight jacket .
How do dog catchers get paid	By the Pound!
How do you split $6 between 5 mexicans	You cut *Juan* out.
How do you order food at a Muslim restaurant	Allah carte.
How do you kill a hipster	By drowning him in the mainstream
How are asymptotes like women	You can get close to it, but you can't touch it
How does a Jewish guy make beer	Hebrews it. :)
How come you never see a pregnant Barbie	Because Ken comes in a different box!
How do you stop a dog from barking in July	Shoot him in June.
How many climate change deniers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	What are you talking about? The bulb is fine.
How did the footbal pitch end up as triangle	Somebody took a corner!
How do lesbian couples celebrate their anniversary	By eating out.
How do you make a cat go 'woof'	Douse it in gasoline and set it alight.
How are the Seahawks and my girlfriend similar	they both can get 16 shoved down their throat without choking
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag	You take the ""F"" out of way.
How did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was outstanding in his field.
How do you find a fat girl's vagina	Roll her around in flour and look for the wet spot.
How come Americans never play chess	Because they are missing two towers.
How many literalists does it take to change a lightbulb	One.
How do you know an african has used your computer	Out of nowhere, it has a virus.
how many mice do you need to screw in a light bulb	just 2. The hard part is getting them into the light bulb.
How do you annoy a Redditor	[deleted]
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth	He ate his pizza before it was cool.
How many girlfriends have you had before me	She asked casually, as she sat on the edge of my bed pretending to be interested in my Warhammer catalogue. Fucking stupid question.
How to tell an Irishman from a Scotsman on St. Patrick's day	One wants to stay drunk all the time and the other doesn't want to pay the tab.
How does a barber make phone calls	He cuts them short.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	A fish.
How do you keep a lawyer from drowning	You take your foot off the top of their head.
How Do You Make A Blind Man Angry	Give him a basketball and ask him what it says.
How many sad soccer fans are there today	A Brazillion...
How many of those brownies did you eat, private	All of them sir!"" ""That was my stash private."" ""Negative sir it was labeled private!
How do you defend your breath mints	Tic-Tactically.
How do you seduce a fat woman	Piece of cake.
How do you get an LSU football player to stop masturbating	Paint his penis crimson and white, and he'll never beat it.
How will Hillary Clinton keep the economy up	She won't, a secretary will.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll tell you later.
How do you know Moby Dick was a gay whale	Because he was trying to swallow the sea men...
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	It only takes two mice to screw in a light bulb. The hard part is getting them in there.
How does a blonde high-five	She smacks herself in the forehead.
How did the world's tallest monster become short overnight	Someone stole all his money.
How did the hipster break his neck	He jump off the diving board before it was pool.
How does a black woman fight crime	By having an abortion
How do you turn a fox into a cow	Get married to her.
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern	With a pumpkin patch!
How do you make a goldfish old	Take away the G.
How many Hitlers does it take to change a light bulb	Nein
How many programmers do you need to fix a light bulb	None, it is a hardware issue!
How did the hairdresser escape	John Frieda.
How do you stop the government from making a pipeline across your land	You Sioux them.
how do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	? pick it up and suck its dick
Q: How many Leos does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: None: A Leo would order somebody else to change it.
How do mathematicians solve constipation	They just work it out with a pencil!
How do you play Taliban bingo	B-52...F-16...B-1..
How do you make a Chinese man no longer Asian	Just spin him around in circles until he's disoriented
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, feminists cant change anything
How many redditors does it take to call-out a repost	WHO CARES YOU F*CKING LOSER I SAW SOMEONE MAKE THAT POST LAST WEEK.
How to ruin a joke on Reddit	Misspell the paunch line.
How can you spot a blind man in a nudist colony	C'mon, it's not hard...
How do you circumcise a guy from Florida	By punching the nearest ten year old boy in the back of the head.
How do you flirt with a calligraphist	Say, ""You have pretty I's!
How many Dragonball characters does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes him 20 episodes.
How does a mathematician deal with constipation	He grabs a pencil and tries to work it out
How does the sexiest man in the world tell a joke	Like this.
Q: How many Scorpios does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None - they'd rather sit in the dark.
Q: How do you keep a ghoul from biting his nails	A: Replace the nails with screws.
How are Harambe memes keeping up	Cincinnati Zoo keeps trying to shoot them down. Edit: Spelling
How come lesbians can't be vegan	They all eat pussy.
How do you know when a white girl recently visited her friends grave	There's Starbucks next to the headstone.
How is a Muslim at Ramadan like Sonic the Hedgehog	They both gotta go fast.
How do you know which tree is the jew	It doesn't drop apples.
How are socks like Boy Scouts	They always come pre-paired.
How did Mark Zuckerberg meet Miley Cyrus	Social net twerking
How do you make a dog float	Take two scoops of ice cream a couple of squirts of soda and a small dog.
How many homeless guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only 2, but I have no idea how you're gonna fit both of them inside a lightbulb.
How many Russians does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to hold the bulb and other to drink until the room spins.
How do secret agents complement a disguise	Hey James, that disguise is incogNEATo!
How many passive-aggressive people does it take to change a lightbulb	Oh never mind, I'll just sit here in the dark...
How do the greek separate the men from the boys	With a crow bar.
How are a frying pan and a beautiful woman similar	You have to get them both hot before you put the meat in.
How does the beer brewer get around with a broken ankle	He hops.
How many girlfriends does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know...
How can you tell if you're on a Starcraft diet	Not enough minerals.
How do you know someone's an engineer	No worries they will tell you
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, but the lighbulb has to want to change.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	100 to Drink... 10 to Beat... or 0 to Eat.
How do Italian Chefs swap recipes	By Spaghett-e-mail!
How do we know that Adam and Eve weren't black	You can't take a rib from a black man
How do you know if someone's a vegan	When you ask them ""Are you a vegan?"" and they say ""Yes"".
How does Bob Marley like his donuts	Preferably not dead from cancer.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank the coffee before it was cool.
How many people live in South America	A Brazilian.
Q: How many Sagittarians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: A whole bunch: I can only keep them in the room long enough for them to give the bulb a quarter turn apiece.
How do you clean a condom	You put it in a pot and boil the fuck out of it.
How much alcohol does it take to get a black person drunk	About three fifths.
How many fishermen does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to do the changing and another to talk about how the last bulb was bigger.
How do you know you're in a redneck family	When your sister's pussy tastes like your dad's dick.
How do you get a baby to stop choking	Take your dick out of its mouth.
How do you stir up the politics in a Coca Cola drink	You add ices.
How do cows move in groups	Si-MOO-taniously
How does Moses make his coffee	Hebrews it!
How does Moses make his coffee	Hebrews it.
How can you tell a male dinosaur from a female dinosaur	Ask it a question. If he answers it's a male; if she answers it's female.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	Nein.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway	You take the S out of SAFE and you take the F out of WAY
How does a muslim close a door	Islams it.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You don't know man, you weren't there!
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce unionized.
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Somewhere between 0 and infinity.
How do you know when your girlfriend is putting on too much weight	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	Fish.
How many gays does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just you
How do you know when someone's read the Game of Thrones books	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart	Take the ""S"" out of safe and the ""F"" out of way!
How do you sink a polish ship	you put it in the water
How much did the pirate pay for corn	A buck an ear!
How do you get a fat girl into your bed	Piece of cake...
How does Donald Trump screw in a light bulb	He can't. His hands are too small.
How many native Americans does it take to change a light bulb	About seven. One to change the bulb, six to sing the song.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like an alter boy.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	Tentacles!
How long does it take for a black woman to poop	Nine months.
How many blonds does it take to change a light bulb	Three. One to hold the light bulb and two to spin the ladder.
How do you get an elephant out of a Safeway	You take the '*F*' out of '*Safe*', and the '*F*' out of '*way*'.
How did the handyman feel after going to the bar	He was hammered.
How many raisins do I have to add to this bag of M&Ms before it qualifies as trail mix	One? I say one.
How do you always keep your shoes tied	Replace the laces with earphones.
How's your day been	Grape!
How much does a hipster weigh	An instagram
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They can't change anything.
How much is 5Q and 5Q	10Q. ""You're welcome.
How is God just like a regular man	If you're not on your knees, he's not interested and you know what they say, abstinence makes the Church grow fondlers.
How do you spell that	t-h-a-t
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, if you can get 'em in there.
How does a grizzly catch fish	With his bear hands!
How do you kill a German	Put them in front of a red light in the middle of the desert.
How is your first car like anal	You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway.
How do you get ""Dick"" from ""Richard""	You ask him nicely
How can a redneck tell his twin sisters apart	By taste.
How does a Jew make his coffee	Hebrews it
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They just sit around and compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How did Sarah Palin see Russia from her house	She didn't, it was just an Aleutian.
How do you tell the difference between an African Elephant and an Asian Elephant	AIDS.
How do you catch a bear	First, dig a large bear-sized hole. Then, burn up some paper and fill the hole with ash. Lastly, kick the bear in the ash-hole.
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	A fish.
How do you get a blonde on the roof	Say the drinks are on the house
How do astronomers organize a party	They planet
How does a bull stay warm on a bitterly cold day in January	He goes into the barn and slips into a warm Jersey.
Q: How did Bill Clinton get a crick in his neck	A: Trying to save both faces.
How many members of an identifiable group does it take to perform a common task	A certain number! One to actually perform the task, and the rest to act in a manner stereotypical of the group.
How do elephants hide themselves in the jungle	They paint their testacles red and climb in a cherry tree. What's the loudest noise in the jungle? Monkeys eating cherries.
How did Vikings send secret messages	By Norse code!
How do you get Lady Gaga attention	P-p-p-poke her face.
How does good king Wenceslas like his pizza	Deep pan, crisp, and even.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant	He forgot to wrap his whopper!
How do you know when your sister's on her period	NSFW When your dad's dick tastes like blood.
[math class] How would you order a Subway footlong in metric countries where they don't have feet	By crawling to the counter?"" GET OUT
How do you know if your little  brother is turning into a fridge	See if a little light come on whenever he opens his mouth !
How many sovereign citizens does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They're too afraid of the electricity.
How can you tell if someone is ticklish	You use test tickles
How many Police Officers does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None. He 'fell'.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles ^I ^am ^so ^sorry
How to get holy water	Boiling the hell out of it
How does a train eat	It goes chew chew!
How do you get over a crush you've had since high school	Leave the dungeon door unlocked.
How is a computer like an air conditioner	They both stop working properly when you open windows.
How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a woman	Shit in her cunt
How can you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for Fresh Prints
How do you find the Pun Bar	You just walk into it
How do you find will smith in the snow	You look for fresh prince.
How many cafeteria staff does it take to  change a light bulb	Sorry we closed 18 seconds ago and I've just cashed up.
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, but it is going to about 7 episodes.
How do you organize a Space Party	You Planet.
How do Asians name their babies	They throw a drawer of silverware down the stairs and name it whatever sound it makes.
How do you know your friend is gay	When his dick tastes like shit.
How does Hitler turn on his lights	Aulightschwitz.
How is Wolverine's love life similar to a mishap at the laundromat	Someone else goes home with their Jeans.
Q: How is a man like a snowstorm	A: You never know when he's coming how many inches you'll get or how long it will last.
How many nazi's does it take to screw in a lightbulb	? Nein
How do you know the Japanese mass murderer was a chef	He spent his day cutting up vegetables
How does a communist do well in school	He gets good marx.
How many feminists does it take to dismantle the patriarchy	None. Once they shut up, no-one has any reason left to oppress them :)
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to assure the public that everything possible is being done while the other screws it into a water faucet.
How many dead hooker's in your basement does it take to change a light bulb	Well, it's not 4
How does Sean Connery shave	Ctrl+S
How do you make a gay guy scream twice in one evening	Fist fuck him then wipe your hands on his drapes.
How many pork chops does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know; it's lard to tell.
How many Police officers does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How do you prepare a Gorilla  sundae	Your start getting it ready Fridae and Saturdae!
How long is the flight	A Polish man calls up an airline. ""How long is the flight from Chicago to Warsaw?"" ""One minute..."" ""Thank you."" *click*
How can you tell if someone's a vegan	Just wait, they'll tell you
How do you get a cut-price parrot	Plant bird seed !
How do you blend in at a bald convention	Chemo-flage
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	Call and tell her about it.
How do you kill a giraffe	Punch him in the throat.
How do you stop the neighbours kids from playing in your yard	Molest them
How does Schrodinger apologise	Sorry not sorry
How to make your God proud	By abusing his names in other languages.
How do you say 'The Torah' in German	Kindling.
How did you feel when you found out Obama was half white and half black	Because I had mixed feelings.
How do you feed a skyscraper	Here comes the aeroplane!
How do you castrate a priest	Kick the alter boy in the jaw
How do you kill a circus	Go for the juggler...
How man hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's an obscure number, your probably never heard of it.
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself	With a hare dryer!
How can you tell if a Finnish guy likes you	He's staring at your shoes instead of his own.
How do you tell which nurse is the head nurse	shes the one with dirty knees
How can you tell when a politician is lying	When their lips move
How's it going	I'm so glad you asked, really need to talk to someone right now"" You're supposed to say 'fine' & ask how I am. Bye.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall red	Depends on how hard you throw them.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an itheberg."" - Mike Tyson
How many Asian-American actors does it take to change a light bulb	None - because they would all be replaced by white actors.
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb	Haha, don't be silly. Feminists can't change anything!
How do you know when your gf is getting fat	When she fits into your wifes clothes
How do you look for Will Smith	Look for Fresh Prints
how is bungee jumping like having sex	a life depends on whether or not the rubber breaks
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple food to the ceiling.
How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb	Idk, its too dark to tell them apart.
How do you know an angle is dead	When it shows no vital sines
How does an engineer screw a light-bulb	He holds the light-bulb over the socket and waits for the world to revolve around him.
How do you make a fireman cry	Kill his family.
How do you tell the sex of an ant	If it floats, it's a boy-ant.
How did one goldfish get the attention of another goldfish	He yelled, ""A u, fish!
How do you fix a broken website	With stick e-tape.
How is a dyslexic stand-up like an MMA fighter who comes home to find his GF in a gangbang	They both punchup the fuckline.
How do you know when you're in a true, tough lesbian bar	Even the pool tables have no balls
How do you spot a egocentric vocalist	They warm up singing, 'Mi, mi, mi.... Mi!'
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for the Fresh Prints.
HOW DO PIGS TALK	SWINE LANGUAGE.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How can you tell if a hippy came to your house	He's still there.
How did horses get to America in the 1700's	On the Hayflower!
How many heretics does it take to change a lightbulb	We're not sure, they've yet to see the light.
How does a watch maker tell you he likes you	With a romantic tock.
How to Jews travel	By air.
How do you get a redneck to give a dog a blowjob	Dip the dog's dick in ranch dressing.
How did I get from Afghanistan to Iraq	Iran.
How many 9GAGers does it take to change a lightbulb	Exactly the same amount as the Redditors on /r/AdviceAnimals and /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu .
How did US felt when Trump is elected as the president	TRUMPmatized. (Traumatized, ^get^it?^ha^ha^kill^me^please )
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	When she can fit into your wife's clothes.
How do the Chinese come up with names for their kids	They throw a tin can down the stairs.
How many Mexicans does it take to replace a light bulb	Juan
How do you make a sheep jump off a cliff	Put a redneck behind it.
How do you disappoint a Redditor	Repost the same exact joke over and over and/or upvote it to the front page.
How are Michael Jackson and McDonalds similar	They both put 40 year old meat in between 8 year old buns.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as an altar boy.
How many non-sequiturs does it take to change a light bulb	Yes
How easy is it to stroll along on pies	Well, it's no cakewalk.
How many pancakes can you fit into a dog house	None because ice cream doesn't have bones.
How does everyone have so much to say	All I want to do is eat and stare at stuff.
How do you know if you have a tough mosquito	You slap him and he slaps you back !
How much rest does a bad Sheppard get	Not a ton, he has a lot of sheepless nights.
How does a Trigonometry teacher appreciate his girlfriend	Oh baby, you are so (1/cos C)"" !!!
How many indie kids does it take to change a lightbulb	none because There is A Light That Never Goes Out.
How does John Lennon get his kids to eat their vegetables	He tells them to ""Give Peas a Chance
How did the Jew get a free cab ride	He blew the shofar.
How do you know when you've run out of invisible ink	When your writing becomes visible.
How do you keep your dog young for longer	[Terrible OC] Keep them stored in some quality... pupperware!
How many tickles does it take to make a japanese girl laugh	Ten Tickles
How many choir directors does it take to change a light bulb	No one knows. No one ever watches the choir director.
How often do you hear element jokes on Reddit	Periodically!
How many Duggars does it take to screw a planet	&lt;EOM&gt; ;^)
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway grocery bag	You take the ""S"" out of safe and the ""F"" out of way. One of my all time faves. If you say it out loud it will make sense :D
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	? .. She fits into your wife's clothes
How many LA cops does it take to change light bulb	Six. One to do it and five to smash the old bulb to splinters.
How do you keep someone curious	I'll tell you on my next post
How does every racist joke start	with a look over your shoulder
Q: How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced	A: A buck an ear.
How much would you have to pay a teacher to flunk your kid so he has to go to Summer School	Just planning ahead...
How do you kill a circus	Go straight for the juggler
Q:How do you tell the time in Antarctica	A:I don't know,Alaska guy and tell you
How do you keep a blonde busy	Write ""Please turn over"" on both sides of a page and hand it to her.
How are a tupperware container and a walrus alike	They both like a tight seal.
How do you know if a Korean gang robbed your house	Because all the rice is gone, and three hours later, they are still trying to back out of your driveway.
How did the sailor stranded on an island with a calendar survive a year	Eating the dates and Sundays.
How many gay guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes two doctors and a nurse to get it out.
How does an Alcoholic teach the ABC's to their children	Backwards.
Q: How do you make an idiot think he's a duck	A: Tell him he's a duck.
How many dead hookers does it take to replace a light bulb	At least more than eight, the light in my basement still doesn't work...
How do you know a girl with leprosy likes you	She gives you the eye.
How do you think the unthinkable	An Ithberg!
How many Nazis does it take to finish a race	None, Nazis can't finish a race.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two! One to screw it in and one to suck my dick. *Drew Carey
How do you know the rules of football was written by an Italian	You switch sides at half time.
How many monkeys does it take to write a Shakespeare novel by accident	As many as it takes /r/jokes submitters to write an original joke. (by accident)^^^
How do you know Princess Diana has dandruff	They found her Head and Shoulders in the glovebox.
How did Rihanna know Chris Brown was cheating on her	She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
How do you say gonorrhea in Russian	Rotchurcockov.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. It's their job to help people find their way in dark places! (MASH s1 ep7)
How do you kill a fox	Give him a fake leg and make him run across Canada.
How do you turn a duck in to a soul singer	Put in the oven till it's Bill Withers.
How do you know your dog is gay	When his dick tastes like your husband's ass
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	One-to hold the bulb to the socket while the world revolves around them.
How do I know Sarah's a vegetarian	Because I've me herbivore.
How do you confuse an asian	Put a steering wheel in front of them
How did the calf's final exam turn out	Grade A!
How do you spot a blind man in a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How do you kill a retard	Give him a knife and say ""Who's special?
How do you measure the speed of circumcisions	Mohels per hour
How are PCs different from woman	I know how to turn a PC on.
How do you find the pilot at a party	He'll tell you.
How to spot an idiot at the gym	They put a water bottle where the Pringles go.
How did the Hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was cool
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Tentacles.
How to you make Holy Water	You boil the hell out it
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking. JK...Rowling.
How would you rate an average upholstery job upon completion	Eh. Sew-sew.
How can you tell you're at a gay Bar-B-Que	All the hot dogs taste like shit....
How much room does a fungi need to grow	As *Mushroom* as possible!
How do you make a hamburger green	Find a yellow cheeseburger and mix it with a blue one!
How do you get three drunk, rowdy Canadians out of a pool	Ask them to get out of the pool.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag	You take the ""S"" out of ""safe"" and the ""F"" out of ""way"".
How can one get rid of the echo while playing a movie	Get some furniture
How are dogs and addicts similar	They both have PAWS
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't. They just beat the room for being black.
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, it's got to want to change first.
How does an Australian call his friend from the Czech Republic	Czechmate
How many Hindus does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they will keep worshipping in dark.
How does a sea urchin search the internet	sea urchingine
How do you call a dog that likes to be on the Internet	A Labragoogle.
How do you call it, when the internet is not working in Germany	InterNEIN
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb	Nine. One to change the light bulb, and eight to beat the room for being dark.
How does every racist joke start	By looking over you shoulders.
How do vampire football players get the mud off	They all get in the bat-tub.
How do you make a woman blind	Put a windshield in front of her.
How do you fix a deaf car	With an engin*eer.*
How often do elements masturbate	Periodically
How many calories do you get from eating pussy	Depends on which direction she wipes...
How do you tell if a girl in Nebraska is a virgin	She can outrun her brothers... *mic drop* ""I'm out...
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishmen	0
How did the anus win against the race car driver	He rectum
How do you enter an Egyptian's tomb	Tut-an-kham-en
How many r/jokes commenters does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know but that reminds me of a similar joke my uncle used to tell...
How much does the average Hipster weigh	About 74,000 Insta-grams.
Q: How many Russian leaders does it take to change a light bulb	A: Nobody knows. Russian leaders don't last as long as light bulbs. A: None the old bulb is just suffering from a cold.
How is a NASA Shuttle similar to Sex with Your Mother	... They both burn on re-entry.
How does a black women know if she's pregnant	All the cotton on her tampon has been picked off.
How much do I trust reddit	I went on /r/starwars before seeing the new Star Wars.
How many US cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they arrest the room because it's black.
How do you know if your friend has an iPhone	They tell you.
Q: How many 'Real Women' does it take to  change a light bulb	A: None: A 'Real Woman' would have plenty of Real Men around to do it.
How many Avatar characters does it take to change a lightbulb	None. It will change when the fire nation attacks
How did the barber win the race	He knew a **short cut!** ^I'm ^sorry
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just two, but how they get in there.. I don't know. (Stolen from an old Maxim in my dad's storage)
How do you tell apart a Chinese from a Japanese	With a Geiger Counter.
How many boxers does it take to change a light bulb	One. They're used to having their lights knocked out.That joke turned dark fast. I'll see myself to my respective corner.
How did the triangle congratulate the other triangle after hooking up with pentagon	3edgy5me
How do you starve a black person	Hide their welfare check under their work boots.
How can you tell if a chemistry joke is shitty	If there isn't a reaction.
How do you escape from a Jewish Cop	You take the toll road.
How loud is John Cena	#xDb
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport from millions illegal immigrants	By conducting a **Juan on Juan** meeting with every Juan of them.
how did the gamete get rich	because sex cells... Thank you thank you i'll be here all week.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	One, you racist!
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently not three because my basement is still dark.
How are redditors and nazis similar	They both love gold trains.
How does a group of dolphin's make a decision	Flipper coin!
Q: How many Geminis does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Two but the job never gets done --- they just keep arguing about who is supposed to do it and how it's supposed to be done!
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't worry about changing the lightbulb. I'll just sit here in the dark.
How does a black woman stop crime	She gets an abortion.
How do frat boys cut down trees	With a sah, dude
How do we know Jesus was a man	We've had to wait 2,000 years for his second coming.
How many dragon ball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	1, but it takes 6 episodes.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant	(NSFW) He forgot to wrap his Whopper!!
How do you get a one armed Italian out of a tree	You talk to him!
How do you describe Neapolitan ice cream to someone	Your two favorite flavors plus strawberry
How many tickles does it take to make a octopus laugh	TEN Tickles LuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuL
How many Chinese men does it take to make a Smartphone	I dunno, ask the Kids.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on it! How do you catch a tame rabbit? Tame way!
How does Amazon Mexico pay its employees	In Jeff Pesos.
How many crackheads does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one more.
How many 9 year olds does it take to change a lightbulb	Over 20, as my basement is still dark.
How many gays does it take to put in a lightbulb	Only one, but it takes a whole emergency room to remove it.
How do chinese people name their childre n	They throw a toaster down the stairs. *I realize this is old but I don't know how many people have heard it, so just spreading the joke*
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, on a sunny day their light comes from the glass ceiling. edit; missing words
How did Barack propose to Michelle	He got down on one knee and said: ""I don't want to be obamaself
How do you make a Kleenex dance	You put a little boogie in it.
How do you organize a space party	You planet.
How do you make someone holy	You beat the hell out of them
How many performance artists does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know, I left early.
How did the vegetable farmer fix his flat tire on his truck	with asparagus...
How do you reward a chicken journalist	With a poulette surprise!
How long can a frog hold its breath underwater	Until it croaks...
How do you win a Scandinavian race	By crossing the Finnish line!
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the bulb and one to suck my dick.
How do you get down from an elephant	You don't. You get down from a duck.
How does an Apple Watch owner know that it's midday	It's already run out of battery.
How about a dirty joke	the new born white duckling fell into the mud. the filthy, filthy mud.
How many Blondes does it take to bake chocolate chip cookies	10....one to bake the cookies, and 9 to peel the M&amp;Ms
How did the captain describe the newborn puppy	son-of-a-b***h..!!!
How do you know you're kissing a french horn player	They try to stick their hand up your butt.
How do you call a game console named after an MMA fighter	Nate DS
How do you know that Ash Ketchum is a pervert	Because he always takes a Pik-at-chu
How many Super Saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb	FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGONBALL ZEEEEE! (I really hope this isn't a repost)
How Do You Make Spider-Man Cry	Cook him some Uncle Ben's
How to you know that cows will be in heaven	It's a place of udder delight.
how to find a girl in pic on Internet	don't find any result on Google
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	TEN-tickles TEN-tickles! I find it funny how most people say eight.
How many eggs does a Frenchman need	One, because that's an Oeuf.
How do cannibals pick up women	With a fork
How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes	Constant ripostes.
How do you know when there's a lead singer at the door	The knocking is all out of rhythm, they can't find the key, and they never know when to come in!
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple food to the ceiling
How fuckin' good do babies smell!	I wanna jam one up each nostril and rob a bank!
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change it, and the other to hold the penis. LADDER. I MEANT LADDER!
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change it, and the other to hold the penis. LADDER. I MEANT LADDER.
How do you sink the Polish navy	Put it in water
How many psychologist does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one, but the light bulb is going to need to change itself.
How do you keep an idiot busy for 3500 years	Give them a bible
How do you get a frog out of a paper bag	Ripit
How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb	None, because PETA can't change anything. -A joke I found inside the game manual for Super Meat Boy for Steam.
How do you make a plumber cry	Murder his family
How does Hitler tie his shoes	In little knotsies!
How do you catch a polar bear	Take a saw, cut a hole in the ice. Sprinkle peas around the hole. When the polar bear comes to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole...
How many Dornishmen does it take to shoe a horse	Nine. One to do the shoeing, and eight to lift up the horse!
How did the hipster burn her tongue	She ate her soup before it was cool
How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh	Ten tickles
How do you catch a unique rabbit	*unique* up on it!
How do fish make calls	On a shellphone! My 7 year old self was very proud of coming up with this one....
How is a woman like a condom	They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick!
How do cats eat spaghetti	The same as everyone else - they put it in their mouths!
How many fuck boys does it take to change a light bulb	None, cause its already lit as fuck fam.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	*Fish.*
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower	Hand the bitch a shovel
How does Donald Trump get the dishwasher going	He pushes Melania out of bed.
How do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking...	...WMD40.
How do black people like their eggs	Poached
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes	A: None. The democrats do that.
How do you communicate with a fish	You drop him a line.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
How many girlfriends does it take to change a light bulb	It has to change for itself.
How do you make $3 million in 48 seconds	Ask Ronda Rousey!
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.
How do you offend a white person	Tell them they can't make racist jokes.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Just look for fresh prints.
Q: How you can tell if a ghoul was in your fridge	A: It leaves footprints in the butter.
How do u kill a blonde	Give her a knife and ask her who is the prettiest of all .
How many stoners does it take to change a lightbulb	None, the room is already lit.
How do Buddhist monks send emails	They remove all attachments.
How do you reuse toilet paper	You stick it in some water and boil the shit out of it.
How do u castrate a priest	Kick the alter boy in the chin ;)
How Do You Start An African Rave	staple toast to the ceiling...
Q: How many Waiters does it take to change a light bulb	A: None even a burned out bulb can't catch a waiters eye
How many political idealists does it take to change a light bulb	None, political idealists can't change anything.
How do you spell ""laughing out loud"" by using binary	1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1
How is sex like putting on a belt	If it's not tight enough, move on to the next hole.
How many surrealist does it take to change a lightbulb	Fish
How do you show a Muslim Girl you're into her	You pull your Dick Out for Haram Bae
How is useless meat around vagina called	.. ... women.
How much does Dickbutt make an hour	Minimeme wage
How did one tire get the attention of another tire	pssssssssssst
How many millennials does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to do it, the other to give him his ribbon.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	Little Ceasars
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb and one to hold the penis. I mean, ladder.
How do you make a dog stop humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his dick.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One narcissist. The narcissist holds the lightbulb in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around him.
How do you get to Shepherds Bush	Up the Shepherd's leg!
How many of you guys experienced this	Damn! I don't have spare keys either.
How Many Tourettes Sufferers Does It Take To Change A Lightbulb	Penis.
How can you tell who's the Polish Jew at The Wailing Wall	He's the guy with the harpoon.
How do you know someone is from California	They tell you.
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, but she charges me extra for weird stuff
How are men like noodles	They are always in hot water they lack taste and they need dough.
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a little boogie in it
How do you write a song that appeals to the gay audience	Just sit on a D! Edit: I tried this out on several of my gay friends n they loved it
How did Jared lose 40 pounds	He dumped his girlfriend
How did Bob die, when he went on a trip to Africa	He got ""boar""ed to death.
How many rapists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only one. But they totally wanted it.
How are peanut butter and jelly related	They're inbred
How many buddhists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, the enlightment comes from within.
How does James Bond type e-mails	With his goldfinger.
How do you lead a horse to water	With carrots
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Tentacles
How many atheists does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to actually change the bulb, and the other to videotape the job so fundamentalists won't claim that god it.
How come nobody created this obvious children's toy	Squeaky Fromme dolls. Think about it. They'd make good doggie chew toys too....
How did Trump describe his trip to the bathroom	It was a movement like the world has never seen before.
How many cops dose it take to change a light bulb	5 one to replace the bulb and 4 to beat the room for being black.
How an Illuminati living in the arctic is called	An Igloominati
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	You nail a piece of toast to the ceiling.
How do you stop clowns from attacking you	Go for the juggler
How come no one tries to blow up the Pope	I thought he was inflatable.
How do you know you've had a really good orgasm	When you have to pull the sheet out of your ass...
How does a Gorilla become another animal	When a Mafia don hires a 'big Gorilla' to be his bodyguard and the  big Ape goes to the cops and turns into a stool pigeon!
How do programmers get a sixpack	int[][] abs = new int[2][3]
How did the pilot like his hotdog	Plane.
how many screws hold together a lesbians bed	None it's all tongue and groove
How do you get your stomach pumped	Swallow a speaker playing ""Remember the Name
How do you cook toilet paper	It's easy, you first brown it and then put it into the pot.
How do you pick up a jewish girl	In a dustpan.
How do you pick up a Jew in a concentration camp	With a dustpan.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	Why does the light bulb necessarily have to change?
How do you get Dick from Richard	You ask him nicely.
How did the blind priest find the choir boys	Satisfying.
How many Nazis does it take to screw in a lightbulb	? One. He makes three Polacks do it at gunpoint.
How was I supposed know she was ugly	She had big titties.
How did the jews fight off Nazis	Jew jitsu
How do you fit 4 gay men on a barstool	Flip it over.
How does trump like his eggs	Whites only
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	You Pokemon!
How many people does it take to start a riot	-3/5
How do you make a dog drink	Just throw it in the blender.
How did colonel Sanders take over the chicken market	A coup.
How many Jews does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question. Gas chambers don't have light bulbs.
How does Moses prepare his coffee	Hebrews it.
How do you tell if a lesbian installed your flooring	It's all tongue and groove.
How did Jared Fogle lose 40 pounds	He dumped his girlfriend.
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a light bulb	They don't need light bulbs, the burning crosses provide enough illumination.
How did Jesus get to the other side of the street	He used the Cross Walk.
How do you win a late night argument with your deaf wife	You turn off the lights.
how can you tell..... how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	when she sits on your face you can no longer hear the background music
How much Viagra do you have to give a computer to turn its software into hardware	Just enough to completely fill up the floppy diks drive.
How do you make your wife scream after sex	Wipe your dick on the curtain.
How do you have a party in space	you Planet!
How do you feel when you don't have coffee	Depresso.
How did the blind skydiver know he was about to hit the ground	He felt the slack in his dog's leash.
How my girlfriend stay's thin. Wanna know how my girlfriend stays thin	She burns most of her calories jumping to conclusions.
How often do women become completely unreasonable	Periodically.
How did the Pianist play without fingers	Not very well at all...
How did a bit travel from the CPU to the HDD	It took the bus.
how to tell.... do you know how to tell if your room mate is gay	his dick taste like shit
How long does Charlie Sheen last in bed	Two and a half minutes.
How many dwarves does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two; one to hold the bulb and the other to serve him beer until the room starts spinning.
How do you stop all the protests and riots	Play the national anthem. They'll all sit down
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He sipped the coffee *before it was cool*.
How much do dead batteries cost	Nothing. They are free of charge!
How do you get Reddit to improve their search function	Have CNN report on how bad it is
How many feminists do you need to screw in a lightbulb	None. Lightbulbs promote rape culture.
How can you tell when a fax has been sent by a blonde	When there's a stamp on it.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	Call her and tell her all about it.
How can you tell a black lady is pregnant	When she pulls the tampon out and the cotton is already picked.
How does a snail win a race	It runs against Hillary.
How can you tell if a hamburger was grilled in space	It's a little meteor.
How many civil servants does it take to change a light bulb	Twelve. One to change the bulb and eleven to do the paperwork.
How do puppets have sex	No strings attached.
How do Muslims like to make their pizzas spicy	They add halalapeno.
How do you get a Mexican across the border using only math	Carry the Juan
How do you fit an elephant in a thimble	You take the ""I"" out of ""thimble"" and the ""F"" out of ""way.
How can you tell if a 14 year old smokes weed	Just wait. They'll tell you.
How do you make a shortcut	With small scissors.
How do you offend a vegan	Cover your ears with your hands
How is a telephone like a dirty bathtub	They both have rings!
How Can You Tell Your Girlfriend Is Getting Fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How do you stop ISIS	Leave some milk in the sun for a few days.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment	Ten ants !
How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb	None. They have to get the guitarist to do it for them.
How did the Scot die	He got kilt.
How do you get people to quit smoking	Cut off their lips
How does a bad comedian sleep at night	I don't know.
How did the farmer deal with the stubborn sheep's wool	With shear willpower
How do you kill a Grammar Nazi	mkae tehm brun tiehr eeys owt Eidt: sepleinlg croertcoin
How do you feel about perfumes being designed by computers	Because I think it makes perfect scents.
How do you make an egg roll	Push it
How did the woman feel when she got run over by a car	Tired.
How do black people hide on the internet	They go incognegro.
how wide is the universe	how long is a piece of string theory
How are children like slinkies	It's fun to toss them down stairs.
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Zero, feminists can't change anything.
How many police officers... How many police officers does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None, he fell!
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting to fat	She can wear your wife's clothes.
How can you tell if someone lifts	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does the farmer count up his cows	...with a cowculator.
How do Gay Men get divorced	Both sides get nothing.
How many eggs do the French use in their omelettes	Just one, because in France one egg is un oeuf.
How do you know when a vegan gets to the party	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many hillbillies does it take to screw in a light bulb	2. A man, his wife, and his cousin
How does Hitler give directions	He says ""take the Third Reich"".
How did George W Bush use reggae to win his election	He needed an Al Gore riddim.
How can you tell if a road is sad	It has low shoulders.
How are blizzards and men alike	You don't know when they're coming, you don't know how many inches you'll get, and you don't know long they'll last
How many Harvard graduates does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. He holds up the light bulb, and the world revolves around him *I'll see myself out*
How do gangsters receive communications	Gmail
How do you know which bear to talk to in a bar	You have to read ursine.
How do you stay hidden in the Desert	Camal-Flage
How did the frog die	He kermits suicide. I'll show myself out now.
How do you get the water in a watermelon	Plant it in the spring.
How many rationalists does it take to change a lightbulb	Probably one but you can't generalise.
How do you calm down a grammar Nazi	There they're their...
How could I forget, mate	At an Australian parliament meeting, two guys were shouting back and forth and one said: ""I am a country member!"" and the other said: ""Oh, I remember!
How do we know Jesus wasn't good with the ladies	He only got nailed once
How many police men does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter...they'll just beat the room for being black.
How do pirates know they exist	They think, therefore they ARRRRRRRR!
Q: How can you tell when Clinton is ready for battle [in Bosnia]	A: He's got his jogging suit on.
How many words does it take to start a car	Forwards
How is a marriage similar to a deck of cards	Starting off with 2 hearts and a diamond seems great but by the end all you want is a club and a spade.
How do you listen to Taylor Swift and N.W.A one after the other	Make a mixed tape.
How do crabs travel cheaply	Pubic transportation
How can you tell the difference between a good joke and a bad joke	I dunno, I just repost them.
How did Hitler tie his shoes	With little nazis.
Q: How does the blond turn on the light after she has had sex	A: She opens the car door.
How can you tell if a blonde is having a bad day	Her tampon is behind her ear, and she can't find her pencil.
How warm is the inside of a Tauntaun	Lukewarm.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek	A: One.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose	10 little piggies, 2 calves, a beaver, an ass, some hares, and a fish that no one can seem to find.
How did the blonde break her leg from raking the leaves	She fell out of the tree.
How do you say ""Fuck you"" in American Sign Language	Lift your hand up and put all fingers down except your middle finger.
How does someone with amnesia tell a joke	I don't remember.
How hard is it to find cigarettes	Because my dad has been gone for 13 years looking for them.
How do you kill an Argentinian	Take him to the top of his ego and throw him off.
Q: How do you know you're flying over Poland	A: Toilet paper hanging on the clotheslines.
How many Californians does it take to change a lightbulb	Hella. How long does it take them? Days.
How do billboards communicate	Sign language
How do you mail an egg	In a henvelope!
How do you make a Sea Lion	You remove an electron from a Seal!
How do you make a girl gain weight	Marry her.
How can you tell if a turkey is from Germany	By the way it Goebbels
How do you know your dog's cancer is really bad	If the vet says it's mutt-astasized.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a light bulb	One they're just like the rest of us except they're good with money.
How did David Bowie die	An American scared him to death.
How do you know when a joke has gone too far	It's elected President.
How is cat food sold	Usually purr can !
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It doesn't matter they don't have any power.
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb	**ONLY ONE** But the light bulb has to want to change.
Q: How many programmers does it take to  screw in a light bulb	A: None that's a hardware problem.
How do you fix a woman's watch	Why should you? There's a clock on the oven.
How do you organise a party in space	You planet.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on him. How do you catch a tame unique rabbit? Tame thing.... You unique up on him too.
How do you measure a great misunderstanding	In kiloWats
How come there are like a thousand songs about Christmas but only one song about the boys being back in town	This is not original
How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, real men aren't afraid of the dark
How can you tell when a girl is vegan	She'll tell you
How do you make a gay fuck a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How do you kill a fox	Cut off one leg and drag it across Canada.
How are genders like the twin towers	There used to be two of them but now everyone gets offended if you talk about it.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. Jk. Rowling. Sorry if repost, I just saw it on my Facebook and laughed really hard.
How does one call a female COCK-roach	A henroach. No pussy joke here, you dirty pervert.
How does a Rabbi make tea	Hebrews it.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool..
How do you make soup golden	You add 24 carrots.
How bad is my career	I met a homeless guy on the beach in Los Angeles & thought ""Wow this guy has it made
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his mother in the jaw.
How do you keep a redditor in suspense	[removed]
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb	None, it is a hardware problem.
How do birds kiss	They give a peck to the cheek.
How many divorced men does it take to screw in a light bulb	Nobody knows, the never get to keep the house.
How do you communicate with the Loch Ness  Monster at 20000 fathoms	Drop him a line.
How do you piss off a redditor	This GOD-DAMN joke has been reposted SO many times, and its not even clever in the first place!!! Im super serial guys, knock it off.
How did the Bohemian pay	Just a Check
How do crazy people go thru the forest	They take the Psycho path.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Famine_(Ireland)
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	Call her and tell her.
How does the Mummy plan to destroy Superman	He's gonna lure him in to the crypt tonight.
How do Germans tie there shoes	With little Nazis.
How many liberals does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Bush did it.
How many Obsessive-Compulsive P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	Just one. But he has to check it 100 times one for each watt.
How much do pirates pay for earrings	about a buck an ear.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Three: one to hold the bulb, and two to spin the first one around.
How does Sean Connery shave	Ctrl+Esh
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question. No one knows, they never get the house.
How do you make a moth bawl	Hit him with a fly swatter.
How many grammar nazi's does it take to change a light bulb How many grammar Nazis does it take to change a light bulb	FTFY.
How many nice guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they'll compliment it, but then get pissed off when it doesn't screw.
How do you call people that are always squinting at you	Asians
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They just hold it in the socket and expect the world to revolve around them.
How do you circumcise a whale	Four skin divers.
How did Arnie convince his wife to move in with him	Live vit me if you vant to cum
How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a heterosexual woman	Shit in her cunt. (its just a joke people)
How do you know Justin Bieber is Canadian	Only a Canadian could get a #1 on Billboard with a song called Sorry.
How many Mennonites does it take to change a light bulb	Seven - one to actually change the bulb and six to complain that they liked the old one better.
How do you keep a dog from barking in your  front yard	Put him in your back yard.
How do you get a Cambodian person to join you	Just shout ""Hey, Khmer!
How many women does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know, but I bet we could pay them less than a group of men for the same amount of work.
How does a West Virginia husband tell if his wife is on the rag	(NSFW) He sucks his son's dick to see if it tastes like shit.
How does an alien get back to his home planet	ayy lmao
How do government employees wink when they're at work	They briefly open one eye.
How many polacks does it take to change a light bulb	Just one dumbass.
How do rednecks circumcise a baby	Kick their daughter in the jaw.
How do you kill a circus clown	Go for the juggler
Q: How does a blonde commit suicide	A: She gathers her clothes into a pile and jumps off.
How do you get a Ford recalled	Wait.
How many yankees fans does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll just stand in the dark talking about how good the old one was.
How do you seat four gay men on a bar stool	Flip it over.
How did Jesus stay in such good shape	Cross fit.
How will the Duggar's stay on TV and make money	By moving the show to a ""true crime"" channel and calling it ""18 Victims and Counting"".
How do trains eat	They go chew chew!
How do you become a kleptomaniac	You pick it up from other people
How do you make a dead baby float	Root Beer and 2 scoops of ice cream!
How many French eggs do you need	One egg is un oeuf.
How did the Scotsman find the sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying.
How has Gordon Ramsey come to have so many children	? FUCKING RAAAWWWW!!
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black and arrest the lightbulb for being broke.
How do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend	When he starts using condoms with other girls.
How many schoolteachers does it take to change a light bulb	None. Anything not completed during the lesson is added to the homework.
How do you blow up a Muslim's phone	Put it on airplane mode.
How can you tell when a mechanic just had sex	One of his fingers is clean
How do street drugs get into the prisons	Not really sure, but my best guess is that some assholes smuggle them in.
How did the Pharaoh feel after falling for a craigslist scam	Egypt
How do you make someone holy	You beat the hell out of them.
How do you fuck a fat chick	Roll her over in flour and find the wet spot
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat	When she fits in your wife's jeans.
How many gears does a French battle tank have	Five. Four in reverse, and one in case the enemy is attacking from the rear.
How did the farmer figure out how much milk he had	He used cowculus!
How do you get a fat girl in bed	Piece of cake
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes a long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, but first the lightbulb must decide to change itself.
How is a woman like a condom	Both of them spend more time in your wallet than on your d*ck.
How do you teach your dog to roll over	Put him on fire.
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying	His lips are moving.
How does a train eat	It goes chew chew..
How does Thor's brother like to party	He likes to keep it pretty Lo-key
How long does it take to get from Louisiana to Alabama	One Mississippi.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick question; feminists can't change anything.
How many Police Officers does it take to handcuff one man	Nine, Eight to shoot him and one to say he was very dangerous
How Many Friendzoned Guys Does It Take To Change A Lightbulb	None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How is my penis like a dead midget	They're both a little stiff
How does Moses make coffee	Hebrews it.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Find the fresh prints
How are women like snow	They seem really cool at first but then you're sick of them after a couple days and no one wants to be driving when they're on the road
How did the farmer find his wife	He tractor down
How do you tell the difference between members of the GOP and ISIS	Skin color.
How do you make a dog sound like a cat	You freeze it, put it on a bandsaw and cut it; ""Meoooow"".
how many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None
How did the mathematician reach the end of the Y-axis	On a plane.
Q: How does an octopus go to war	A: Armed.
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay her!
How can you tell vampirism is a disease	On account of the coffin.
How did the underage mathematician get drunk	He put his root beer in a square glass
How can you instantly blind an Asian person	put a steering wheel in front of them
How can you tell a clock is hungry	It goes back four seconds
How many IT support techs does it take to change a lightbulb	have you tried turning the light off and back on?
How can you tell if a woman's picture is photoshopped	She isn't standing in the kitchen
How much do Rabbi's charge for their circumcisions	Nothing. They just keep the tips.
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree	Wave!
How do you keep a idiot occupied	I will tell you how in my next post- Jk the answer's in one of the comments, look through every single one and you are destined to discover the answer.
How long does it take a black woman to take a shit	About 9 months.
How do you know it was not U.S. that did the aerial bombing	Because the funeral, wedding and hospital were not the targets.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll tell you later
How do you kill a fox	Cut off one of it's legs and make it run across Canada
how much does it take for two octopi to laugh	16 tickles because not asking for insurance is insane in the US, sorry to go out on a limb...
Q: How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern	A: With a pumpkin patch.
How do you know it's safe to feed the ducks the same thing as the Canadian geese down at the pond	Because what's good the goose is good for Merganser.
How many chores can horny maids do	70. Cooking and 69.
Q: How many apples grow on a tree	A: All of them! ARRRRGHHHH FUCK YOU POPSICLE STICK JOKE
How do we know Mayberry's Andy Taylor was a Redditor	He had sex with Opie's mom.
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just pass a law against light bulbs and then wonder why it's dark.
How did the little pig win at Monopoly	He built hotels on Pork Place.
How did Canada get its name	They had a bag of letters, and one person announced as he picked each letter out "" 'C', eh, 'N', eh, 'D', eh"".
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend	He gave her a ring
How do you put an elephant in a refrigerator	Step one: Open the door. Step two: Put the elephant in. Step three: Close the door.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress up her as an altar boy.
How many hippies does it take to change a light bulb	Hippies can't change anything. And they smell bad.
How do you get spiderwebs out of your hair	Asking because Spider-Man... I mean... Just asking.
How do you know the devil is white	Because he owns hell, he doesn't work for hell.
How did Steve Jobs die	From PC
How does a cow kiss	Smooooooch
How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb	Let's go ride our bikes.
How do you know when the drummer has shown up for band practice	He won't stop banging at the door.
How did the cannibal turn over a new leaf	He became a vegetarian.
How do you stop a North Korean tank	Shoot the guy driving the cardboard box.
How do you get to Oktoberfest	Follow the lederhosen.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas	Q: How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? A: He could feel his presence!
How does it feel to be out of coffee	Depresso.
How do druggies store their data	LSD Cards.
How does a Facebook employee greet each other	Hey there, whatsapp!!
Q: How do you embarrass an archeologist	A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How did the Jewish alcoholic survive The Prohibition	He-brewed.
How do you get a philosopher off your porch	Pay him for the pizza.
How does a Welshman find sheep in tall grass	Irresistible.
How many bass players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One. Five. One.
How do electricians meditate	Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm
How do you get the guitar player off of your porch	Pay for the pizza.
Q: How do blondes pierce their ears	A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads.
How many cops does it take to push a hooker down the stairs	None, ""she fell"".
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	A lot. Many Hans make light work.
How do they dance in Arabia	Sheik-to-sheik (cheek).
How does a ghost start a letter	Tomb it may concern.
How do you have sex with a fat chick	! Roll her in flour and tickle the wet spots.
How was your trip to Israel	This month they had Sukkot (the festival of tabernacles) It was pretty ""in tents"".
How do you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	She fits in your wife's clothes
How do you fit 50 Jews in a car	2 in the front 3 in the back and 45 in the ash tray.
How did the rabbit know his wife was cheating on him	There was a hare in his bed.
How do French mathematicians cover their genitals	With Undeuxwear
How can you know that you are insecure about what other people think of your post	[deleted]
how do we know that jews crucified Jesus	they used one nail for both legs
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb	Just 1 but it will take 3 episodes.
How many radical, trans, love-fluid, non-binary persons does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2 - one to do it and the other to comment on how it's symbolic of rape.
How do you tell how rich a black man is. By how many gold chains he has, how do you tell how rich a white man is	By how many slaves he has.
How did Jesus get those sexy messiah abs	He did crossfit.
How did the headless chicken cross the road	In a KFC bucket.
How does an Eskimo build his house	Igloos it together.
How did the hermit crab show off his new apartment	He took a shelfie.
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell outta it
Q: How can you tell when you've passed an elephant	A: Your eyes are watering and you can't get the seat to go down.
How do you make a pheromone	Let his people go!
How do you make Hitler cry	Easy just show him his gas bill.
How do construction workers party	they raise the roof.
How do you crack a joke on r/Jokes	ctrl+v.
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the light bulb and one to shoot the room for being black.
How many Hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags in the woods.
How does Stevie Wonder check Facebook	With his EyePhone
How many ""friend-zoned"" guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How does ISIS listen to its favourite tunes	On a boombox.
How do you eat a computer	byte by byte.
How does Darth Vader manage to eat through that mask	He's force fed.
Q: How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: You wanna go ride bikes?!
How does a Ethiopian show that they are rich	They wear a rolex watch around their waist.
How do you blind an Asian woman	Put a windshield in front of her.
How many gay guys does it take to read this joke	Only you! (Drum roll!)
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's a very obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How do you start a rave in Africa	Glue toast to the ceiling.
Q: How do you make five pounds of fat look good	A: Put a nipple on it.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles. (read it out loud if you do not get it).
How do you describe eating just the right amount	Nom Nom Nominal
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	0
How do you piss off a feminist	Done.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	With Little Caesars.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	With Little Caesars!
How long does an owl live	About six and a half books.
How can you tell when Ron Jeremy is finished pumping gas	He pulls out the nozzle and sprays it all over the car!
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Lets go ride bikes.
How is a glory hole like a rooster crowing	They're both a cock-a-dude'll-do.
How do sheep keep warm in winter	Central bleating !
How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Oh don't worry, they'll let you know.
How come you never see black people on ships	They aint falling for that shit again.
How did the blind carpenter regain his eyesight	He picked up his hammer and saw.
How do you tell the sex of an ant	Put it in a bucket of water. If it sinks you have a girl ant but if it floats you have a buoyant.
How can a man go eight days without sleep	No problem , He sleeps at night.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	A fish
How do you find Will Smith in the winter time	follow the Fresh Prints!
How do we know that Joan of Arc was French	She was maid in France !
How much does Jesus love you	Thiiiiiiis much. (Must be said while arms are raised out to side)
How do you know if your room mate is gay	his dick tastes like shit
How long is a submarine	No, How Long is a Chinaman.
How do you know your girlfriend is too young	[nsfw] When you gotta make the train noise to get your cock in her mouth. EDIT: just helping you guys find your limits
How did Helen Kellers parents punish her	They gave her a basketball and told her to read.
How do you stop a black guy from jumping on a bed	Put velcro on the ceiling.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None because it's already lit fam ^I'm^^so^^^sorry
How do most women like their eggs	Ovarie-z
how often do i beat my wife	Every time i clap my hands.
How do you keep an idiot busy	loading...
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's an obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night	Take away their beds...
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	More than 30, my basement is still dark.
How can you tell a bernie sanders supporter from a hillary supporter	There age
How did the orphans in Oliver Twist communicate with each other	Through *more*se code!
How are toy trains and boobs similar	Both are made for the kid, but daddy ends up playing with them more often.
How does a Scandinavian man catcall	Hey, you look like someone that could show me the right bus to take.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	...Look for the Fresh Prints...
How do cats park their cars	They *purr*allel park
How does a feminist screw in a light bulb	She holds the bulb up to the socket and then expects the world to revolve around her.
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	One. One to change it and his girlfriend to give him a blowjob when he's done.
How does a scientist make a hormone	The same way I do: don't pay her!
How is soy and dildos similar	They're both meat substitutes
How many vegetarians does it take to eat a whole hotdog	Just one, with ten vegetarian hotdogs.
How does the astronaut cut his hair	Eclipse
How can you tell when a wine connoisseur is happy	They have a semillon!
How do you get a kid to stay low to the ground	DUCK!"" How do you get a kid up and running? ""GOOSE!
How come Jesus didnt play hockey	He kept getting nailed to the boards!
How do Harry Potter fans flirt	Hey baby, mind if I *Slytherin* ? ;)
How Far Can a Fox... Q: How far can a fox run into a grove	A: Only halfwaythen he's running out of it! Click here: http://redd.it/2o1hgq
How many psychiatrists does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, but the light bulb has to *want* to be screwed in.
How do you circumsize a blue whale	Four skindivers
How does a gay male take off his condom	He farts.
How did the tree get on to Reddit	It just logged on...
How gays decide who will be on the top	With a swordfight.
How do mermaids have babies	Sea-sections
How do you comfort a grammar nazi	There, they're, their.
How do you have a mustache without people calling it a pedophile mustache	Just have a little square under the nose.
How many Millennials does it take to change a light bulb	None! We don't change light bulbs. We disrupt them.
How did i escape Iraq	Iran.
How can you tell who is the head nurse of a facility	She's the one with dirty knees.
How much do flying broomsticks cost at Hogwarts	Quid each.
How about a game	You provide a random set up and we provide the punchline (PTP?). Most upvoted wins imaginary internet points.
How can you make a witch itch	Take away her ""W.
How do all racist jokes start	*Looks over left shoulder* *Looks over right shoulder*
How do you fit an elephant into a subway	Take the ""S"" out of sub and the ""F"" out of way.
How do you find Will Smith in the Snow	I don't know. Just look for the Fresh prints! Ha ha.  He's also black.
How is life at the post office going	It's going well I guess. It has its usps and it's downs. Edited for correctness
How many planets are there in the solar system	There used to be nine, then there was eight and when I'm done with Uranus there'll be seven.
How many months have 28 days in a leap year	12 months not just february!
How many Meth-Heads does it take to screw in a light bulb	Three, One to hold the lightbulb and Two to smoke till the room spins!
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change it, and the other to hold the penis. EDIT: LADDER. I MEANT LADDER.
How do African mermaids cover their tits	They use sea bras.
how did the ghost get to the hospital	in the amBOOlance
How to annoy your children: Me: Don't come in here without knocking Child: Ok *leaves* *knocks* M: Who is it	C: It's me! M: Go away
How does every racist joke start	*Looks around the immediate area*
How many mods does it take to switch a light bulb	[deleted]
How do you get a nun pregnant	You fuck her.
How do you get a nun pregnant	You fuck her!
How does a sailor remove a condom	He farts.
Q: How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	A: It's not hard.
How come Star Trek fans never grow out of it	They always just Klingon to it
How many pirates does it take to screw in a lightbulb in China	
How many corpses does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently more than 3, because it's been a week and my basement is still dark.
How do we know that Darth Vader is American	Because he marches to the Imperial March and not the Metric March
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	One, she just holds the bulb to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How do you get a jewish girl's number	You pull up her sleeve
How do you know when there is an elephant under  your bed	When your nose touches the ceiling !
How do they package bread at the bakery	They baguette.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	cos he drank he coffee before it was cool...
How does a German call an Irishman	Komm, Sean!
How many feet are in a yard	Depends on how many people are standing in it.
How many Catholics does it take to screw in a light bulb	Don't know, the pope hasn't said yet. How many Lutherans does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, Lutherans don't change.
How do you make an octopus laugh	You give it ten-tickles
How do you know princess diana had dandruff	Because her head and shoulders were on the dashboard.
How can you tell if a black man has been using your computer	It won't be there
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You wouldn't know. You weren't there...
How are mashed potatoes similar to an online college degree	If it ends up on your wall, you're probably retarded.
How did Canada get it's name	The forefathers decided the best way to name their new country was to pick letters out of a hat. ""C eh, n eh, d eh
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Simple! Just kick his sister in the jaw!
How did Ramadan go	It went by pretty FAST!
How do two psychiatrists greet each other	You are fine, how am I?
How do we know JFK was a fan of PDA	He was all over his wife at the parade
How do you make a tissue dance	you put a little boogie in it
How do you hide an elephant up a cheery tree	Put it in the tree and paint it's balls red. What's the loudest noise in the world? A giraffe eating cherries Edit: not a cheery tree...cherry
How much money did the bronco have	Only a buck!
How do you eat the Flesh Hounds	WH40K Humor: I don't know about you, but I prefer my Khorne Dogs with ketchup.
How the hell did Caitlyn Jenner win women of the year	She hasn't even been a women for a year yet.
How many 210 lb policemen does it take to throw a 140 lb suspect down 3 flights of stairs	None, he fell.
How does Michael J. Fox deal with his Parkinson's disease	He just shakes it off.
How do you tell if you've lost an argument on Facebook	Well first you're are in an argument on Facebook.
How many guys in the friend zone does it take to change in a light bulb	None. They just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How many Environmentalists does it take to change a light bulb	It doesn't matter, they will never change a thing.
How are women and tornadoes alike	They moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
How many feminists does it take to screw a lightbulb	One to screw it in and nine to write on their blogs about how enlightening the experiment was.
How do you pick up Jewish chicks	With a vacuum cleaner.
How does Batman's mom call him home for dinner	She doesn't because she's dead.
How do you stop guys like Donald Trump from saying racist things	You muzzle 'em.
How do people in Iowa get elections	By watching corn!
How do you know you're girlfriend is getting too fat	She can fit into your wife's clothes.
How many topologists does it take to change a baby	Assuming the baby can be transformed into the shape of a light bulb, only one.
How does a black women tell she is pregnant	When she pulls the tampon out and the cotton is already picked.
How bad is the economy	Twenty years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Today we have no cash, no hope and no jobs.
How many children do I want to have	Kind of a weird question for a first date, but umm I guess enough to finish the temple
How many agnostics does it take to change a light bulb	There's really no sure way to know.
Q: How many Development Executives does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Two. One to take notes while the other screws it into the faucet.
How does every racist joke begin	*looks over both shoulders*
How do you get a clown off of its unicycle	Hit it in the face with a pickaxe.
Q: How do you sink an Irish submarine	A: Knock on the hatch.
How do you find will smith in a blizzard	Look for fresh prince
How do you piss off a female archaeologist	Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.
How can you tell if a monster has a glass eye	Because it comes out in conversation
How many ears do Star Trek fans have	3, Right Ear, Left Ear and The Final Front-Ear.
How do you give a catholic priest a circumcision	Kick the altar boy in the chin.
How many homophobes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They don't accept change, even if it means a brighter world.
How Do You Circumcise a Redneck	Kick his sister in the chin.
How are third party candidates like soccer	They're only really popular in America once every four years.
How do you break concrete in Doctor Who	With a Captain Jackhammer.
How do you make holy water	Boil the hell out of it.
How many men does it take to open a beer	- None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	It's a really obscure number. You probably never heard of it.
How did they know Princess Diana had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from...
How did the dog's owner know his pet was angry about having soap flakes for breakfast	He foamed at the mouth.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony	It isn't hard
How many dead schoolgirls does it take to change a lightbulb	Obviously more than four because my basement's still dark.
How many electricians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Well, first off, it's called a lamp...
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick it up and suck its dick.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick it up and suck its dick!
How did OJ respond when his son asked to borrow the car	&gt;Only if you go aks your mother.
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the jaw. ^^^^^I'm ^^^^^going ^^^^^to ^^^^^hell ^^^^^for ^^^^^this ^^^^^:(
How much sex does a sister of the church get	Nun
How do you know that you are dating a french horn player	Because when you kiss them they shove their fist up your butt
How do you know Sia is Scottish	Because she loves sheep thrills! *shows self out
How does a Bat Girl become a Bat Woman	She has a Bat Mitzvah
Q: How do you confuse a blonde	A: Ask her to alphabetize a bag of M&Ms.
How do you make a flea circus	From scratch.
How do you make a German Shepherd	Put him in a synagogue.
How do porcupines make love	Very, very carefully.
How do you get honey from a graveyard	From a zombee!   I'll see myself out
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate his tits a lot.
How do you know a girl is too young for you	When you have to make airplane noises to get your dick in her mouth
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	One, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How do people see so much on internet these days	They put on the Google!
How does a deaf guy make a girl cum	By reading to her lips
How do you know a black chick is pregnant	When she pulls out the tampon all the cotton has been picked.
How did the Chihuahua disappear on the road	It was using a hide-'n-go-seekle!
How many people does it take to tell a joke on reddit	Two. One to post the joke and one to post a better punchline in the comments.
Howdeepisthepool	He had too much to drink before he went swimming!
Q: How many folk musicians does it take to change a light bulb	A: Seven; one to change and the other six to sing about how good the old one was.
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Frat boys don't screw in lightbulbs; they screw in puddles of vomit.
How many tax auditors does it take to find a $1.00 mistake in an expense report	Three. One to find the mistake and two to discuss the significance of it.
How many narcissists does it take to change a light bulb	One. They just hold the bulb in place and the world revolves around them.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number that you've probably never heard of. I'd explain it but you probably wouldn't get it.
How many mexicans does it take to replace a lightbulb	Juan.
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe	It's fucking close to water.
How do you offend a white person	Tell him he cant tell racist jokes.
How much does a Satanist weigh	A pentagram.
How did one dinosaur insult the other	Yo mama so stupid she gets excited seeing a shooting star.
Q: How do you get a blonde pregnant	A: Come in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.
How did the Hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How do Muslims laugh	Muahahahamed Note: I don't have any prejudices against Islamic people.
How do you turn a seal into a sea lion	Remove an electron.
How Does a Woman Make a Man a Millionaire	When he's a billionaire.
How can you tell if a bee is on the phone	You get a buzzy signal.
How does a French lady hold her liquor	By the ears
How many vampires does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they prefer the dark.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything...
How does gravity greet itself	It just waves
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends on how hard you throw em.
How do you get a jewish girls number	Roll up her sleeve.
Q: How do you put an elephant in a refrigerator	A: Step one: Open the door. Step two: Put the elephant in. Step three: Close the door.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get an ear piercing	A buccaneer.
How is a Trump campaign chief like a vibrator	Both are charged with battery.
How do you know if a hippie was at your house	He's still there.
How Much Food did Soviet Ukraine Need in the Early 1930s	A whole-lot-more
How do you confuse a retard	Say ""purple"".
How does the modern-day James Bond prefer his women	Shaven, not furred
How does a women make you a millionaire	You start as a billionaire
How can you tell who the head doctor is	They're the one with the dirtiest knees
How do you get a man in a coma hard	Lick his Comatoes
How does a Russian count '1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi...'	1 CCCP, 2 CCCP, 3 CCCP... I^will^see^myself^out
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem	He worked it out with a pencil!
How many spoiled rich girls does it take... ...to change a light bulb	Just one, she yells, ""DAAAAADDY, I need a new house!
How does Santa make new baby reindeer	In vitro, in Prancer, in Dancer, in Vixen.
How do you know you have a high sperm count	She's got to chew before swallowing.
How many Latinos does it take to do a wax job	A Brazillion!
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce ""unionized"".
How do you make an ugly kid	Go ask your mother Courtesy of a hot dog vendor in Atlanta
How much coke can Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill two and a half men
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	You suck its dick.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Juan.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs	A: She fell out of the tree.
How did Cosby fuck up his phone	He put it on sleep mode
How do you save a drowning black family	As a .jpg
How does Kendall Jenner celebrate Father's Day	She doesn't.
How can you tell that the stage is level	The drummer is drooling out of *both* sides of his mouth.
How do Australians find sheep in the long grass	Irresistible...
How do Jamaican's end their prayers	Ey mon.
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb	One...but it takes him 27 tries
How often do Chinese people have elections	When they wake up every morning.
How do Buddhist monks compare interests	With zen diagrams!
How can you tell what clan a Scottish man is from	Look under his kilt and if he has a quarter pounder then he is a McDonald.
How are a punchline and a dick similar	they only bring a smile if used properly.
How do you say ""touchdown"" in Polish	Gronkowski
How do you congratulate a Jewish bodybuilder	Muscle Tov!
How did the investigators discover that a serial killer had dandruff	They found head &amp; shoulders in his bathroom.
How do you piss off the rich and the poor in two words	Bernie Sanders. Clause: I support the guy.
How can you tell if a Mobile software developer isn't enjoying his job	He isn't very App-y
How did Reggie Rocket's brother die	Otto Erocket Asphyxiation
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb	None they'd rather keep their clients in the dark.
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many armed men does it take to extort an Olympic athlete	A Brazilian.
How many books can a blind man read	Brailly any!
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do	All of them.
How do you know if a pepper is being nosy	When he's jalapeno business!
How does a mathematician go to the bathroom	He works it out with a pencil.
How many bodybuilders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It takes four. One to screw in the bulb, and three others to watch and say, ""Really dude, you look huge!
How can you tell if your house was built by lesbian carpenters	All tongue-in-groove, with no studs.
How do ghosts become friends	They bond over boos. I made this up while sleep-deprived last night. I am sorry.
How do you conufuse a blond	Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
How does the Hulk make money	He flips houses.
How many dead babies do you need to turn on the light	More than 20, because my basement is still dark.
How did the Frenchman get turned on	He French-kissed a power outlet
How does cheese get more mature	Fromage
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass	Very satisfying.
How are women like 90 degrees	They're always right.
Howdo you stop a baby from running in circles	Nail its other hand to the floor.
How much does a circumcision doctor make	Probably just a tip
How do you define an aardvark	Aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater!
How do werewolves mark their territory	Lycanthropee
How do you know if the camera you just bought was made in Asia	If the shutter makes a ""crick"" noise.
How come they only do that moustache oil for men	Sexism.
How do you tell if you've posted an anitjoke in /r/Jokes	If someone comments saying you posted an antijoke and that you should rather post your joke in /r/antijokes.
How do you catch an orange elephant	I don't know. I've never seen an orange elephant.
How to stop a kid from growing up. How do you stop your kids from growing up	Ask Jozsef Barsi.
How do you make the letter ""H"" healthy	You spin it. It becomes spin-h. juh-jen
How do you fit 100 Jews in a car	2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 95 in the ashtray.
Q: How many editors does it take to change a lightbulb	A: It was supposed to be in place last week!
How many Polaks does it take to come up with heliocentric theory	One.
How did the woman feel after her legs were amputated	Defeeted
How do you spot the blind man at a nudist beach	Well..it's not hard
How does NASA plan a party..	They planet.
How do you know if an Asian has been to your house	Your math homework's done, your computer is upgraded, and that little twat is still trying to back out of your driveway.
How do you fix a broken tuba	With a tuba glue.
How do you build a flea circus	You have to start from scratch.
How do you know your letter is gay	It came in the mail.
How do you know the Alphabet is celebrating Christmas	When there is no ""L
How do red necks celebrate Halloween	Pump kin
How do you please an Amish woman	Give her two Mennonite
How do trains from different countries understand each other	With a trainslator
How do you get high underwater	seaweed! lol my friends 12 yr old daughter told us this one
How do you make your girlfriend cry while you're having sex	Phone her.
How do you break up an Al-Quaeda bingo game	Yell ""B-52!
How many reposters does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but they have to steal it first.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	You Poke-m-on
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. She holds it still and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How do you tell the difference between a Sunni and a Shiite Muslim	The Sunni's are the ones with the Shiite blown out of them.
How do I like my eggs	Unfertilized, thanks.
How did the Mongols get to Europe	Steppe by steppe.
How did Jamie find Cersei in the long grass	Satisfying.
How do you get down from an Elephant	You don't get down from an elephant, you get down from a duck!
How do you castrate the pope	Kick the altar boy in the chin.
How are all these African-American's able to take off time from work to riot in Baltimore	Wait... nevermind
How can you open a banana	With a monkey!
How do you know when a grenade is thrown by a blonde	When you can pull the pin and throw it back
How do you call it when an Irish person goes out for drinks	A bargain
how many /r/jokes user does it take to repost a joke	three. one to actually do it, one to complain that it has been done before, and another one to repost the said repost
How does a girl vampire flirt	She bats her eyes.
Q: How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Two-one to do it and one to steady the chandelier. A: None they only screw the poor
How do you call a car designed for midgets	Half a Romeo. I'll show myself out.
How do you pick up women in Auschwitz	With a broom &amp; dustpan.
How does Vladimir Putin like his Thanksgiving turkey	Nuked
How is a lonely twig like a piece of cling wrap	He can only stick to himself.
How do bunny rabbits like their beer brewed	With lots of hops!
How do you kill a clown	DING DONG. Someone got the joke.
How do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, it's not going to come.
How do you know if there is an elephant in bed with you	He has a big E on his pajamas.
How do you want it die	Personally, i want to go out as my grandpa. Peacefully in his sleep. Unlike his passengers, screaming and crying.
how many straight Vassar men does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Both of them.
How did the chicken cross the freeway	Take the ""F"" out of ""Free"" and the ""F"" out of ""Way"".
How many corporate drones does it take to screw in a lightbulb	That's impossible, because they can't climb the ladder.
How does a conceptual artist change a light bulb	He calls it a work of art.
How do you make rude noises on the Internet	With a whoop e-cushion.
How do you make someone Holy	You beat the hell out of them.
How do you get the most apples at Halloween	Take a snorkel.
How do you know a car is from Poland	The Polish.
How did jew get beer	He brew
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look at the fresh prints.
How can you get rich by eating	Eat fortune cookies.
How do you get a lawyer out of a tree	Cut the rope.
Q: How do you know a blonde has just lost her virginity	A: Her crayons are still sticky.
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb	3/5
How do you find a naked man in a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How do you have nasal sex	Fuck knows
How did Chuck Norris solve the dwindling oil reserves problem	Ctrl - C, Ctrl - V
How many Dubstep fans does it take to catch a fish	Three. One to fish and two to catch the bass as it drops.
How did the Sex Ed teacher explain buttsex to her students	She used an analogy
How can you tell if a fencer is a redditor	By how often he ripostes.
How many sex addicts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but they'd have to be really tiny.
How much energy did Hitler use during his reign	6 million killajews
How did the love seat get pregnant	Because the couch didn't pull out.
How does a French person sneeze	Adieu!
How do you identify a vegan at a party	You don't, they come and tell you
How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts	With jam in!"" What did he say to his friend who asked for one? ""I hope you like jam in too!
How did the Hulk feel after trying to lift Mjolnir	He felt Thor.
How can you spot a blind man in a nudist camp	Its not hard.
How do Australians clean their ass after pooping	Bidet, mate!
How's it like living in a totalitarian regime	Can't complain.
How do you get to the top of a weather beacon	Climate
How many IT guys does it take to change a light bulb	No IT guys change light bulbs, they just keep flicking the switch on and off again until something happens.
How do you know when you've fucked an apple	When you're in cider
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her like an alter boy.
How many Emos does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter because there is no light, only dark.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	They left the plunger in the toilet.
How does the KKK celebrate gay pride	With a LGBBQ.
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky	If it was invented anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
How does a sheep farmer find a sheep on top of the mountain	Acceptable
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two. The tricky part is getting them in there.
How do you pump up a room full of shy introverts	LETS GET READY TO MUMBLE!!!
How does a Narcissist change a lightbulb	He holds it up to the socket and the world revolves around him.
How do you make one girl disappear	..just add a G and now she's gone.
How may tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh	Tentacles!
How do you get 27 kids to carve a statue	Have everybody chip in.
How did Helen Keller break her arm	She tried to read the speed limit sign.
How many babies does it take to paint a fence	Depends how hard you throw them
How do you tell an X chromosome from a Y chromosome	Pull down its genes.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but you need three light bulbs.
Q: How do you recognize a blonde at a car wash	A: She's the one on her bike.
How does one respond to a black guy sending you a dick pic	TL;DR
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	**One.** They're very efficient and don't have a great sense of humour.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, there's no need for a lightbulb with a glass ceiling.
How often do chemists use HIO4	periodically
how did hitler tie his shoesies	with little nazis
How does the Black Knight sneeze	Have-at-choo!
How many Apple users does it take to change a lightbulb	None. Once the bulb goes out, they replace the house.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends how hard you throw them.
How's college supposed to prepare you for the real world	All it does is make you tired and stressed out and anxious and nevermind I get it.
How do you spot a vegan at a party	Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do we know hamburgers have high IQ's	They 'loin' fast!
How do you get your wife to listen to every word without interrupting	Talk in your sleep.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	Zero.
How do you say goodbye to 230,000 Indonesians	A big wave.
how do you wake lady gaga up	poke her face
How can you tell when your sister is on her period	When you dads dick tastes like blood.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	None.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	None!
How many Germans does to take to screw in a light bulbs	NEIN, NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN
How to teach a cat how to bark	Pour some gasoline on it and WOOF!
How many Liberals does it take to change a lightbulb	The light bulb doesn't want to change and you should stop forcing it to do what it doesn't want to do.
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb	Two: one to change it and another one to change it back again.
How does Super Mario contact the dead	He uses a Luigi board.
How do you tell when a girl really wants you	When you put your hand down her pants you think you're feeding a horse.
How many syllables does the word ""Gloria"" have	CATHOLICS: 18
How does a black man ride a black stallion	With no legs.
How do you know when your wife is having an orgasm	when you come home from work and see my car in your driveway.....
How come blind people never tell bad jokes	Because they can't ""see themselves out"" :D ..I'll.. I'll see myself out.
How many redditers does it take to change a light bulb	3. One to screw it in, the next to claim credit and the third to be a bot that reposts.
How much cum does a gay guy have	A butt load.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put him in the microwave til his Bill Withers.
Q: How many politicians does it take to  change a lightbulb	A: Two. One to change it and another one to change it back again.
Q: How does a blonde interpret 6.9	A: A 69 interrupted by a period.
How do people know spiders are more afraid of me than I am of them	Like, did you ask him? Because only one of us is screaming right now.
How can you tell when Clinton is lying	Her lips are moving. Yeah, it's an old joke but then again, so is she.
How cold is it outside	It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
How do you make an Italian plumber cry	You kill his family
How do bulls drive their cars	They steer them!
How do you split Rome in half	You use a pair of caesars.
How do you know if a Chinese person robs your house	Your homework is done, your computer is upgraded, but two hours later, the fucker is still trying to back out of your driveway.
How can you tell which is the head nurse	The one with the dirty knees.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He took a sip of his coffee before it was cool.
How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day	Solo
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was cool
How much coke did Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
How is Jesus different from other carpenters	Unlike other carpenters, Jesus may actually return one day
How was copper-wire invented	Two jews and a penny.
How do you get a one armed Canadian out of a tree	Wave to him!
How are you doing in arithmetic	I've learned to add up the zeros but the numbers are still giving me  trouble.
How many French people need to defend Paris	It isn't known, never tried.
How do u kill a blonde paraplegic with one arm hanging from a tree	Wave
How do you have sex with a vegetable	Ask if they want to-mate-O.
How do you blind a Chinese man	lay floss over their eyes
How do you get a Michigan girl into an elevator	Grease her hips, and throw in a Twinkie.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one but the light bulb really has to want to change.
How do you make a tissue dance	put a little boogie in it
How do you know when your roommate is gay	When his dick tastes like shit.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two.
How many skaters does it take to change a lightbulb	One, but it will take 13 attempts.
How do you know if someone has a Samsung phone without asking	Don't worry, they've already told you the superior qualities it has over all the other smart phones by this time.
How do you know if Buzzfeed article is stolen	You get the feeling that you've Reddit before.
How do supernatural entities cum	They have poltergasms
How many feminists does it take to screw a vegan	Lightbulb.
How do you confuse a Jew	Put the bacon on sale for half-off.
How do you tell if your girlfriend's ticklish	You give her a test tickle.
how do you get a 78 year old lady to scream f**k	! get another 78 year old lady to yell BINGO! waka waka!
How does an Irishman's future look like	Very blight.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two...but I don't know how you're going to get them in there...
How can you tell if a man has a high sperm count	The girl has to chew before she swallows.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, But i dont know how they would get inside of it!
Q: How can you tell if it was a shared computer used by many staffers	A: There is writing on the White-out.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How do you calm down an astronaut	...you give him space.
Q: How do astronomers organize a party	A: They planet Insert death threats below
How do you start a conversation about men's rights	Mention feminism.
How do you make a milkshake	Give a cow a pogo stick.
How many Mexicans Does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just Juan
How do you fit 3 babies in a bowl	Blender. How do you get them out? Chips.
How does Optimus Prime stay young looking	Autobotulism
How do mathematicians cure constipation	They work it out with a pencil.
How did the badge get away with murder	He pinned it on someone else.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many Sandpeople does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You never can tell. The Sandpeople always ride in single file to hide their numbers.
How does a black woman know she's pregnant	When she pulls out her tampon the cotton's been picked.
How does a jew celebrate Christmas	He installs a parking meter on the roof
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it. I'm serious. That Israeli how he does it.
How do you know you're a Seattle Seahawk	A butler serves you.
How much did the obese man know about fitness	Diddly squat
How can you tell if a pedophile is Jewish	Hey little kid! Want to buy some candy?
How do you know if you have skin cancer	You die from skin cancer and come back as a ghost to study the autopsy report.
How do Asian women test for pregnancy	Put a Rubik's Cube in the vagina for exactly one minute and see if it comes out solved.
How do you make a post man sad	Kill his family.
How is Santa able to carry so many presents at once	Santa isn't real.
How many girls a boy need to shoot a school	None.
How can you tell that someone's a vegan	Don't worry; they'll tell you themselves.
How does a racist joke start	With a small loan of a million dollars
How much will a pirate charge you for a piercing	Buckaneer
How do you keep an erection	Don't fuck with it
How can you tell that the movie Martian is not realistic	Because Americans use imperial unit system.
How can you tell the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't care
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed	tape velcro to the ceiling.
How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero	3, 2 to die and 1 to never get over it.
How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of illegal Mexican fans of Stars Wars	Obi Juan by Juan Kenobi
How many Jewish grandmothers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	That's okay. I'll just sit here in the dark.
How many men does it take to open a beer	None. It should be opened by the time she brings it to the couch.
How did the hipster burn his hand	He was into lightbulbs before they were cool.
How do rainbows laugh	Hue hue hue
How do you break the nose of a blonde without touching her	Wave your cock underneath a glass table
How do you beat someone in an argument	Use your fists.
How is Donald Trump going to get rid of the Mexicans if elected	Pesticide
How do you know your gf is getting fat	She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...
How is a woman like a condom	Both of them spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
How does a male contraceptive pill work	You put it in his shoe and it makes him limp.
How does NASA organize parties	First they planet then the stars comet.
How can you tell if a ghost is about to faint	He gets pale as a sheet.
How is the NFL like Brokeback Mountain	The Cowboys suck!
How many Mexicans do you need to change a Lightbulb	Juan.
How does Hasbro test tickle me elmo's	They have test-tickles.
How many black people does it take to change a light bulb	Seriously, I gotta figure out how many slaves I need to buy
How does Jesus make his coffee	Hebrews it.
How does Jesus make his coffee	Hebrews it!
How do you know a redneck invented the toothbrush	If it where anyone else it woulda been called a teethbrush
How do you make a Game of Thrones fan sad	You ask them to hold the door for you.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for his birthday	He felt his presents.
How do you start a raid in Ethiopia	Staple food to the ceiling!
How many Northern Californians does it take to change a lightbulb	Hella.
How does a American mom know her daughter is on her period	She can taste the blood on her son's cock
How do hispanics cut a pizza	Little Caesars
How do you know when... ... a blonde has been using the computer	There's white-out on the screen. How do you know when a brunette used the computer after a blonde? There's writing on the white-out.
How to you piss off a writer	The list off ways is to long too fit hear.
How do you call for a bath	With a Teletubbie.
How did Mitt Romney get a 14% tax rate	He claimed 47% of America as dependents.
How do you make a glow worm happy	Cut off his tail he'll be de-lighted !
How do you find Will Smith in a snowy forest	You look for his fresh prints. (  )
How did Sigmund Freud die	He slipped
How do you know if someone has been to Florida	They'll tell you.
How do you comfort a Grammar Nazi	There, their, they're
How many handicapped guys does it take to change a light bulb	Just one if it's Professor X.
How much power does it take to move a tank	A horse
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	One. We are efficient and dont have humour. Edit: Wow this blew up. As a German, I didnt expect this.
How do you tell the difference between a factory worker, and a chemist	Ask them to pronounce 'unionized'
How do you get a kleenex to dance	You put a little boogie in it
How do you have phone sex over a telegraph line	Oh baby, don't stop. STOP.
How come arabs are not circumcised	So they have some place to keep their gum safe during a sand storm.
How Does Baby Hitler Tie His Shoes	With itty-bitty knotsies
How do you know when your at a gay barbecue	When all the hot dogs taste like shit.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just sit in the dark and bitch
How do you tell if your friend is gay	Fuck him in the ass. As you're cumming, reach around and feel his cock. It's hard, he's definitely gay.
How do you make Hitler kill himself	Give him his gas bill.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	The sex is the same, but the dishes pile up.
How do you make a dead baby float	Easy! Just add Root beer and Ice Cream!
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How do writers send e-mail	On the Inkernet.
How many ears does Spock have	Three. A right ear, a left ear, and a final frontier.
How did the dentist become a brain surgeon	His hand slipped
How can you tell if a snake is a baby snake	It has a rattle.
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay her
How many white cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None...he fell
How are two gay guys who are perfect for each other similar to an Ancient Chinese Emperor	They both had a mandate from heaven.
How many babies does it take to paint a house	None. The minimum age for physical labour in most places is 13-15 and babies would not be allowed to use the paint
How do you find your dog if he's lost in the woods	Put your ear up to a tree and listen for the bark !
How does NASA throw a holiday party	They planet.
How far can you walk into the forest	Halfway, when you walk further then you will walk out of the forest! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
How do you spot a terrorist	They'll freak out when they hear a helicopter
How do chemists poison each other	With a Pb &amp; J sandwich
How do you shut an Italian up	Tie his hands behind his back
how many black people does it take to change a light bulb	WRONG! black people don't work you idiot
How do you know that ET is a Donald Trump supporter	Because he looks like one.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None they just beat the room for being black.
How many mathematician does it take to change a lightbulb	pi
How do you know the guy sucking your dick is gay	He's holding it with his pinky in the air.
How do Muslims like their food served	Allah Carte
How did cows feel when the branding iron was  invented	They were very impressed!
How do you tell when it's Halloween at Lana Del Ray's house	Her pussy tastes like candy corn.
How many Zionists does it take to change a light bulb	[OC] Just one. And if you disagree with me, you're an anti-Semite.
How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse	She's the one with dirty knees.
How do you call a homosexual with a boner	Homo Erectus
How do you tell if a feminist is on their period	You can't.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One. We are efficient and don't like humour.
How do you exorcise a demon	Make him run a lap then do 10 push-ups and sit-ups
How do you make four gay people happy	You flip over a stool.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb	Let's go play on our bikes.
How do you say virgin in German	Guten tight (   )
How many psychiatrist does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes a really long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...
How do you think the unthinkable	With an itheburg.
How do you know when it's midnight at Neverland Ranch	The big hand touches the little hand.
How do you scare a snowman	You get a hairdryer!
How do you say Philippines in Ebonics	Colombia
How can a can you double your money	By folding it in half.
How does a gay man give a donation at the sperm bank	He farts in the cup.
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello	Konnichihuahua
How do you get a touchdown at Penn State	Introduce a boy with Down's Syndrom to Jerry Sandusky.
How do you get a fat chick in bed	A piece of cake.
How do you spot a cheetah in the wild	You don't, they're already spotted!
How to pick up a girl Me: Are you interested in having the best sex of your life	Her: No. Me: Well then you came to the right place ;)
How do you become invisible	Get a child and then perform sex-altering surgery. Then you become a transparent.
How do Jedi plan for retirement	With a Hoth IRA. I'll see myself out.
How many Scottish highlanders does it take to change a light bulb	There can be only one.
How do you get info from a french dude	You est-ce que question
How do you get out of Sunday school	You tell your mom you're Sikh.
How do you get a musician off of your porch	You pay for the pizza.
How do you find a velociraptor	By taking the integral of the acceleraptor! Me: http://imgur.com/H8rLjub Everyone else: http://imgur.com/J3hC4Ci
How do you find a drug dealer donkey	Just follow his coke mules.
Q: How many bears would Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears	A: As many bears as Bear Grylls' grill can bear.
How many Indians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Your laughter is important to us. You punchline will be delivered in the order in which it was requested.
How is Trump going to deport the Mexicans	Juan by Juan.
How many guys does it take to open a beer	None, it should be open when she brings it to you.
How much does wood cost	About tree fiddy.
How does Pinocchio's father know when his son tells a lie	He just nose it.
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay her...
How does Jesus stay in shape	He does crossfit.
How many gnats does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It only takes two, but the trick is getting them in the lightbulb.
How Dave Grohl spent his night in his hotel room after the concert in Gothenburg, Sweden	He watched movie Cast Away (starring Tom Hanks) and ate some potato chips.
How do you fit 100 Jews in a Volkswagen	2 in the front, 3 in the back, 1 in the boot and the rest in the ashtray.
How come in math we are always solving for x	Because with my ex, I'm always trying to solve for why.
How did the terminal cancer patient do in school	He passed.
How did the 5-year old girl fall off of the tire swing	Somebody shot her.
How do you make estrogen	Don't pay her.
How was my engagement the same as my divorce	In the end, I settled.
How do you measure love	In hertz!
How does a pirate tip his hat	M'Hearty
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten-tickles.
How do you turn a duck into a blues singer	Leave it out in the sun until its Bill Withers
How does Sean Connery's dog bark	Woofsh
How does Times Square start the new year	By having Mariah Carey drop the ball! ""The audience can sing this one.
Q: How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb	A: Just one but it takes the entire emergency room to get it out!
how long is a chinese name got it	:D
How do you say 'Toilet' in Japanese	Dump-ring.
How do you foil a plan	(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln
How does a boy dog rape a girl dog	with WOOFilin
How do you blind fold an asian	You put floss over their eyes!
How do you stop Iran from building a nuclear reactor	Send them the Fine Brothers.
How selfish am I	Circus peanuts and black licorice are my favorite candies just so I never have to share.
How do the ladies get Batman to come	Ask Lt. Gordon to turn on the bat-signal. Get your mind out of the gutter.
How do you make a small fortune out of horses	Start off with a large fortune!
How did the lesbian couple build their house	Tongue and groove. [For those who don't understand](http://0.tqn.com/d/homerepair/1/0/0/3/-/-/t_g.jpg)
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only two, but the real question is how they got in there.
How do mute people tell each others secrets	They put on mittens.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Its a trick question... Feminists cant change shit
How can you tell if a redditor is a pedophile	When you make an ELI5 post, you end up receiving a dick pic.
How did the dad know that his daughter is on her period	His dick is covered in blood.
Q: How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn	A: Stick your hand in the bell and play lots of wrong notes.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	With Nazi's
How are women and rocks alike	You skip the flat ones.
How do people with Mesothelioma live their lives	Asbestos they can.
How do you turn a bunk bed into two regular beds	You debunk it.
How did the toad die	He simply croaked !
HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 1) Put a saddle on it 2) Get on 3) Oh god it's destroying the village with fire 4) WHY DIDN'T I GET A CAT INSTEAD	!
How do you unite both the Catholics and Protestants in Ireland	By sending in millions of Muslims
Q: How do you deal with heavy traffic	A: Heavy psychedelics.
How do athletes send e-mails	On the Inter-sweat.
How can you tell how hard a nigga is	By the number of niggabytes in his hard drive.
How can you go without sleep for seven days and not be tired	Sleep at night
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	Two... One to beat the the room for being black and the other to beat the switch for being broke.
How did Aladdin die	Carpet bombing.
How can you tell when a woman is faking an orgasm	She screams her husbands name instead of yours
How did the rainbow know is was lost	-It was a clear day
How do Super Heroes like their drinks served	WITH JUST ICE!
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. And that is ***not funny***.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	If the sex stays the same but the dishes pile up.
How many Java programmers does it take to change a light bulb	One to generate a ""ChangeLightBulb"" event to the socket.
How do you end an argument with a woman	Tell her to calm down. You're dead now but the argument is over.
How do call an idiot that has an assault rifle pointed at you	Sir.
How do you shoot a unique deer	You-neak up on it and shoot it. Credit: Grandpa Clifford
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow remover	Give her a shovel...
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	You say ""Pikachu, GET THE FUCK ON THAT BUS!
How many North Koreans does it take to change a light bulb	One, only **Glorious Leader** gets access to light bulbs
How can you tell if the kid that stole your bike is half black and half polish	He's running down the street with the bike under his arm.
How are a pizza maker and a gynecologist the same	They can both smell it, but they can't taste it.
How come Jesus could never play for the Blackhawks	Because he's always getting hung up on the boards.
Q: How do you kill a retard	A: Give him a knife and say ""Who's special?
How do pirates get their hair to stand up	Sea-men. My brother told me that
How can you tell Voldemort used the bathroom before you	He leaves a dark mark
How do you fit 6 million Jews into a car	Send them to clown school.
How does a pitcher walk a man in Burger Land  baseball	He throws four meatballs!
How many Murdochs does it take to change a lightbulb	They were unaware the lightbulb was an issue &amp; regret unknowingly paying to change it
How can you tell your sister is on her period	Your dad's cock tastes like blood.
How many Heros does it take to screw in a lightbulb	All, to save this world from the darkness.
How do you piss off a bunch of people on the internet even worse	[Deleted]
How does a stripper find jobs	She does netwerking!
How bad is it, doc	Well, you'll never run again"" So basically the same
Q: How do you tell which is the Groom at a Polish wedding	A: He's the one with the CLEAN bowling shirt.
How many Vietnam War Veterans does it take to change a lightbulb	You don't know man, you weren't there!
Q: How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail	A: Rename the mail folder to ""instruction manuals
How much does it cost to clean up Germany	About 6 million.
How do you make a gay person angry	You tell him you've kidnapped his mother and that you want $5000 for her release, but when he comes just tell him it was a prank.
How do you call the current situation in Syria	Very syrias
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hella.
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb	None. They like to live in the darkness.
How did Helen keller's parents punish her	Put a plunger in the toilet
How can you tell when an accountant is extroverted	He looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his own.
How near was the boy to his dad's tobacco stash before getting busted	Close... but no cigar.
How many children with Attention Deficit Disorder does it take to change a light bulb	Let's go ride our bikes!
How do you make a ghoul float	1 cup of root beer, 2 scoops of ghoul.
How do you get Holy Water	You put water in a pot and boil the HELL out of it.
Q: How did a blind man meet his wife	A: On a blind date!
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Some obscure number that you'll never understand.
How do you call a Russian tree	Dimitree
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	(FIXED) He's black, it shouldn't be that hard.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow	Give her a shovel!
How many glasses of wine equals two servings of fruit	Asking for a friend.
How hard do you think Joe Biden laughs when a senate's bill gets 69 votes	I bet he has to leave the room.
How did the Reddit user read his newspaper	&lt;ORIGINAL&gt; He Reddit
Q: How can you steal the window seat of a blonde on a plane going to London	A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the chin.
How do black people grow	Their knee grows!
How did the tiny frozen dinner meet the little kid's belly	microwave
How is the world like a bag of jellybeans	Nobody likes the black ones.
How many tweekers does it take to change a light bulb	Depends on which method you try....
How does the Pope get around New York City	Mass Transit!
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffe before it was cool.
How many non-humorous people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One
How do you know your waitress is having a rough night	She's got a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pen.
How to turn black woman into spider	Kill her husband.
How many people does it take to circumcise a Whale	Four Skindivers.
How does Mike Tyson say hatred	Hate Thread!
How do you please an Amish woman	3 Mennonite...
How do we know that Batman is black	He can't go anywhere without Robin'
How many ducks would there be if you saw two ducks in front of two ducks two ducks between two ducks and two ducks behind two ducks	Answer: 4 ducks-because they are in a row.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know yet. My Basement is still dark.
How do you make gold soup	Put 14 carrots in it.
How does a Mexican use 'liver' and 'cheese' in the same sentence	Liver alone, cheese mine!
How do you say thank you to a New York sushi chef	Gracias.
How do you call a 100 m race between siamese twins	Head to head race
How do you know if a complete stranger is vegan	They already told you.
How do you stop a baby from walking in circles	Pin its other hand to the ground.
How are a hobo and a balloon alike	Both are without visible means of support. (My son found that in a children's joke book)
How do you make an apple puff	Chase it round the garden
How do you make a black nervous	Take him to an auction.
How do we know that Greek yogurt's Greek	Because it's whey strained.
How is parsley and pubic hair alike	You just brush them off to the side and keep eating
How do you break a Pollock's finger	Punch him in the nose.
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb	Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to get it out.
How many times does a woman laugh after you tell her a joke	Three. When you tell it to her, then when you explain it to her, and then when she gets it.
How does a Jewish guy make beer	Hebrews it.
How do you turn an airliner into a boat	#**Allahu Ackbar!**
How many Buckeye football players does it take to change a lightbulb	One. But he gets three hours credit.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One. He holds it up, and the world revolves around him to screw it in.
How many film directors does it take to change a light bulb	Just one but he wants to do it thirty-two times and when he's done everyone says that his last light bulb was much better.
How does Bob Ross masturbate	He beats the devil out of it.
How did the Mother Banana spoil the Baby Banana	She left him out in the sun too long.
How do they make Holy Water	They boil the hell out of it.
How many Potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None.
How do you identify a vegan	Listen closely.
How do fish get high	Seaweed.
How does Darth Vader like his milk	*Luke* warm
How do you know your girlfriend's getting fat	She fits in your wife's clothes.
How many paranoids does it take to screw in a light bulb	Who wants to know? .... saw this joke in today's [Get Fuzzy]( http://www.gocomics.com/getfuzzy/2012/10/18)
How do you call a joke that is not funny	Lame.
How do you kill a circus	Go for the juggler.
How big is a circum	One of my friends said his dick was circumcised, and I was curious how big those are.
How do you make five pounds of fat look attractive	put a nipple on it.
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Just one. But it takes a therapist three years to help them through the grief process.
How does an atom with bad grammar respond to an order	I on it.
How do you know when a black chick is pregnant	When she pulls her tampon out and all the cotton's picked
How do you stop an angry rhino from charging	You take away its credit card
How do you tell if a man is gay	When you're fucking him in the ass, reach around; if he has a boner... He's gay
How do you surprise Helen Keller	Leave the plunger in the toilet
How can you be sure you have counterfeit money	If it's a three-dollar bill you can be sure.
How do you get to Auschwitz from Berlin	You have to take the Third Reich.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce 'unionized'
How did the scottsman find the sheep in the tall grass	Very pleasurable.
How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Find out next time on *Dragonball Z!*
How many people from Quebec does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One: He holds the bulb and the rest of Canada revolves around him.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away	
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tit a lot!
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tit a lot.
How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	Four: One to drop it, Three to pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up.
How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, but it takes a shitload of lightbulbs.
How do you pay for a circumcision	With a tip!
How do crazy people get through a forest	They take the psycho-path!
How do you know the universe likes Saturn	It put a ring on it.
how did the art student make a million dollar work of art	He started with 2 million.
How can you get a set of teeth put in for free	Smack a monster.
How does the Catholic Church make their holy water	They boil the hell out of it.
How do feminists screw in a lightbulb	By holding the bulb up to the socket and waiting for the world to revolve around them EDIT: Rip inbox EDIT 2: Thanks for the gold!
How did you do in your tests	I did what George Washington did ! What was that ? Went down in history !
How do you stop a taliban tank	Shoot the Guy Pushing it
How do you make a bandstand	Take away their chairs
How many Mizzou students does it take to screw in a lightbulb	*Whys the lightbulb got to be white?!*
How is marriage like a tornado	At first there is a lot of sucking and blowing, but when it's over your house is gone.
How much did the pirate's new earrings cost him	A buccaneer
How do golfers get away with cheating	The unfairway
How did the pollock die raking leaves	He fell out of the tree.
How do you cock block two lesbians	With a rock, because rock beats scissors.
How does a shepherd integrate black and white flocks	Ewe-substitution
How does constipation work	I don't give a shit.
Q: How many screenwriters to make ""Titanic"" a good movie	A: One more than they had.
How many computer programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's a hardware issue.
How do you stop your bacon from curling in the pan	... Take their little stones and brooms away!
how does jesus make coffee	hebrews it.
how do you get a dog to stop licking his balls	, pick it up and suck its dick.
How manny women dose it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one she hokds the blub and the world revolves around her.
How's your baby	Your baby penis!
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter. They will just keep reposting the same lightbulb.
How do you know you have a high sperm count	When the girl has to chew before she swallows.
How does an abortion doctor like his eggs	Scrambled.
How do meth users get the money to buy their drugs	The toothfairy.
How do you make a man like 10 pounds of fat	Stick a nipple on it.
How does a male lightning bolt feel when he notices an attractive female lightning bolt	Thunderstruck
How do you kiss a florist	With tulips.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	ONE! AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!
How many reddit admins does it take to screw in a light bulb	Seriously who knows? It's pitch black in here.
How do you say no in German	Square root of 81
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None, he just ""fell
How do you make an Italian deaf	Tie their hands behind their back.
How many babies do you need to paint a wall	It depends how strong you throw them
Q: How did the ghost patch his sheet	A: With a pumpkin patch.
Q:How do you circumcise a hillbilly	A:Kick his sister in the jaw!!
How long are you supposed to chase someone after your wallet gets stolen	Because I'm tired of running and he's catching up....
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling
How does R.Kelly end a joke	Ba dum *piss*
How does NASA organize their company parties	They planet. [Please take pity on me i am very unfunny :(]
How Many Tickles Does it Take to Make a Octopus Laugh	ten-tickles
[Dirty] How long does it take a baby to die in the microwave	I don't know, I lose track of time when I have an erection.
How do you know if a redneck girl is a virgin	See if she can run faster than her brothers.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall red	(NSFW) It depends on how hard you throw them.
How do you get Sigmund Freud to screw a lightbulb	Tell him the lightbulb is his mother.
How do you you ask your male friend to shave your body	You don't.
How many votes does it take to change a light bulb	Votes don't change shit.
How do you get over a fear of elevators	Just take some steps to avoid them!
How can you tell if a monster has a glass eye	When it comes out in conversation.
How many things do you need to change a lightbulb	3, a person, a ladder, and another lightbulb
How do you tell if a black mans been on your computer	It's not there.
How did the mathematician treat his constipation	He worked it out with a pencil.
How can you tell when a skunk is angry	It raises a stink!
how much would it cost	the guy who does our estimates isn't here right now"" around what time will he be back? ""did you not just hear me?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side
How many bears would Bear Gryll grill if Bear Gryll could grill bears	I dunno, but PETA would be **pissed**.
How many dwarfs does take to change a light bulb	It can vary, but It's quite hilarious to watch.
How do you get a Twinkie pregnant	Put it in box of Ding Dongs. What is it afterwards? A HoHo
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Doesn't matter how many there are, they can't change anything.
How did the farmer find his wife	He tractor down.
How many redditors does it take to get a joke	Three. One to get the punchline, and one to point out the math is wrong.
How do Catholic church priests stay healthy	They exorcise.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool *badum pssssh*
How did the bad Canadian fisherman describe his only catch of the day	Aboot this big
How does Lord Voldemort like his pussy	(whisper) HHAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY
How do you make a dwarf taller	Ge-gnome therapy
how does Justin Bieber remove a condom	He farts.
How does a chicken do their hair	With a comb, In one fowl swoop.
How do you install ""blackout curtains""	They just get hammered.
How do you stop a fish from smelling	Cut its nose off.
How are spinach and anal sex alike	Chances are if you didn't like it as a child, you're not going to like it as an adult.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the fresh prints!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the fresh prints.
How many performance artists does it take to screw in a light bulb	I don't know either, I walked out early too.
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One + all... One to screw in the lightbulb, the rest just bitch that it is a repost.
How do moms in west Virginia know their daughter started her period	Her son's dick tasted like blood.
How are electric outlets punished	They're grounded.
How many idiots does it take to change a light bulb	Five - one to hold the bulb, and four to turn his ladder
How did a Chinese spy disguise himself as an Arab in America	He became a Muslim.
How are an armless man at a buffet and a kleptomaniac the same	They just can't help themselves.
How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	*fish*
How do you get a hotdog to dance	You put Mustard on the beat
How could the Statitician stand in a fire and be okay	He had a block of ice on his head.
How many kidnapped children does it take to change a lightbulb	I thought 12, but the basements still dark.
How does Donald Trump adopt pets	He just grabs the first pussy he sees.
How many Apple Geniuses does it take to change a lightbulb	None, we just swap out your whole house
How much of northern Canada is livable	*Nunavut*
How is Michael Jackson like the thousands of people outside times square on new years	Once the balls drop, They're no longer interested!
How Many Business Analysts Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb	None. The light bulb shall never burn out. (OK. It's more cathartic than funny...)
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	it's a pretty obscure number.... i'm sure you haven't heard of it.
How many of my parents does it take to mow the lawn	None. They pay me to do it.
How did rich people get their money	They were calm and collected.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Don't be silly. Feminists can't change anything!
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None they just beat the room for being black.
How do you get a Mormon to stop drinking all your booze	You invite two of them.
How come Notepad has no street cred	It can't wrap.
How many Hillary supporters does it take to change a light bulb	None. cmon , they'd much rather be kept in the dark.
How many NRA members does it take to change a light bulb	A: More guns.
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat	She fits into your wife's clothes
How do you piss off Liquor store shoplifters and Redditors	CAP LOCKS.
How do you throw a party in space	Planet.  I'll show myself out.
How much does a truck full of bones weigh	A skeleTon
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate its titalot
How do you know if a girl is dating a vampire	They only wanna go down on her once a month
How do you turn on a lamp	By seducing it
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know the exact number, but many Hans make light work.
How does Davy Crockett like his pie	Alamo'd
How do you make a dead baby float	-2 scoops vanilla icecream -2 scoops baby -Add rootbeer and serve
How many cops does it take to push a pedophile down the stairs	None, he tripped. ;)
How can you tell that a shrimp with a big dick was walking down the beach	Because he left a shrimp cock-trail.
How do you find an ants forefathers	Check it's ants-history.
How many applicants does it take to change a light bulb	Only one but 200 applied for the job.
How do Asians find our they are pregnant	They send a rubix cube up to see if it gets solved.
How many people does it take to screw in a light	Two, but I don't know how they'll fit inside the bulb
How is a hurricane like a marriage	At the beginning there's a lot of blowing and sucking, and when it's over your house is gone.
How did the hipster burn their tongue	They drank their tea before it was cool.
How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant	She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.
How do you ruin a joke	By explaining it. Because you know, jokes are supposed to be understood implicitly, without you having to say the reason behind why the punchline is funny.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	That's not funny.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb	None. It's a hardware problem.
How does Moses make his coffee	He brews it
How does Moses get his coffee	He buys it from Starbucks...
How do you stop an alien invasion	You build a wall.
How many chimney does Father Christmas go down	Stacks !
How come Mr. and Mrs. Claus don't have any kids	Because Santa only cums once a year and its down the chimney!
How do you catch a dyslexic fish	Ya get it Hooked on Phonics!
How do you starve a black person	The same way you starve a white person you racist piece of shit
How Can Athiests Make Money and Get Free Food	By working at an abortion clinic.
How is a gay man like a tumbleweed	They blow and blow and blow until they end up stuck on a fence in Wyoming.
How do you kill a redneck	Wait until he's fucking his sister, then cut the brakes on his house.
How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Why does it have to be a group activity?!
How did the rabbit become a wrestling champion	It had a lot of hare pins!
How do you get an elephant on a train	You take the ""S"" out of sub, and the ""F"" out of way. [Say it out loud]
How do you tell the difference between a redditor and a MOBA player	Ask them what OP stands for.
How many magicians does it take to pull a rabbit out of a hat	One. It's a trick question.
How many RothChilds does it take to change a light bulb	There still working on it...
How did they cure the swine flu	With oinkment.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side!
How did the right triangle commit suicide	With a Hypote-noose
How do you make holy water	Fill a container and boil the hell out of it
How do you a convert a number to a radical	You convert it to Islam.
How did the Norse god of mischief celebrate his birthday	With a low-key event
How does a tail pipe feel after a long car ride	exhausted.
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any children	Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
How do you comfort a grammar Nazi	...They're, their, there.
How many IT techs does it take to change a lightbulb	Ticket closed: Forwarded to facilities.
How do you make Canadians	Fucking eh's. I'll see myself out.
Q: How many letters 'T' are in Indiana Jones	A: 17. Ta-ta-tat'-taaa ta-ta-taa Ta-ta-tat'-taaa ta-taa-taa-taaa!
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. We are efficient, and lack humor.
How do you call a black man in space	Nasa first called it Albert
How do you keep a bunch of redditors in suspense	I'll post the punchline later.
How can a man go 7 days without sleeping	Sleep at night
How much does it cost a pirate to pierce his ears	A buccaneer!
How many ears does Leonard Nimoy have	3. A left ear, a right ear, and the final frontier.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A brazilian
How did pinocchio find out that he was made out of wood	His hand caught fire.
How does R. Kelly respond when girls ask for a rating on a ten scale	Urinate
How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. All he has to do is hold it in place while the world revolves around him.
How do you call a meerkat	C'meerkat.
How many minimalists does it take to screw in a light bulb	1
How do you know when the king of Egypt is horny	...From all the Pharaoh moans.
How does a black woman know that she's pregnant	The baby starts picking cotton off her tampons. (aaannnd i'll see myself out)
How can you tell if a woman is faking an orgasm	Who cares
How do you get a job with Apple	Be born in China.
How do you call... ...a girl that only dates men who own expensive cars	Porschetitute.
Q: How does a blonde part their hair	A1: (Action of scissoring legs apart) A2: By doing the splits.
How do you know your friends are pleased with your Facebook post	They like it!
How do you make five pounds of fat look good	Put a nipple on it..
How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	If it's their lightbulb, none of your damn business.
How much do pirates charge for piercings	A buck an ear.
How about a month filled with stress and obligation	- Pitch for December
How does a witch doctor ask a girl to dance	'Voodoo like to dance with me ?'
How do you piss off 2 feminazis	Put them in a room with each other
How can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator	One you'll see in a while, the other you'll see later. Credit to Mitch hedburg
How do you know you are dating a women, not a girl	A girl has no name.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	That's NOT funny!
How do you know a mechanic just had sex	One of his fingers are clean.
How does a mom in West Virginia know her daughter is on her period	Her son's dick taste weird
How long does it take a black woman to take out the trash	9 months.
How do kids from chernobyl count to a 100	On their fingers
How do you drown a hipster	In the mainstream
How do sailors finish a corny joke on a boat	Ba dum ship.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	Nevermind; it's actually a really obscure number you've probably never heard of it.
How is it when my son has homework,I have to be involved	? Dude,I already did my time.
How to do you find Will Smith in the snow	You follow the fresh prints.
Q: How many Iranians does it take to change a light bulb	A: One hundred - One to screw it in and 99 to hold the house hostage.
How do you know your GF is getting fat	She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...
How can you mend King Kong's arm if he's twisted it	With a monkey wrench.
How do you know if a fortune-teller is shit	You knock on her door and she shouts ""Who is it?"".
How many bruthas does it take to clean a kitchen	None, that's women's work!
How did the ancient Greeks seperate the men from the boys	With a crowbar.
How many dead hookers in a basement does it take to change a light bulb	Obviously more than four, because it's still dark as fuck in here.
How do cows measure time	In mooments
How fast are black people allowed to go on the highway	25 to Life.
How do you guys think the Germans will do in the Olympics this year	Not too well considering they can't finish a race.
How many tickles... How many tickles before a squid starts to laugh	Ten tickles
How do you make a computer your best friend	You buy it a nice bunch of software and get it loaded!
[picking out a washing machine] how many watermelons can this hold	uhh I dunno, 11?"" only 11? *keeps walking to next one* how many waterme
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods	Pretty Hot.
How do you get a musician off your porch	Pay for the pizza.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the microwave till it's Bill Withers.
How does the Rabbi make his coffee	Hebrews it
How do you lead a horse to water	With lots of carrots.
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb	Just one, but it takes the entire emergency room to get it out.
How do you get to Carnegie Hall	take a taxi
How do you make a musician's car more aerodynamic	You take the pizza delivery sign off
How did the guitar player bust the G string	He was fingering A Minor.
How can this cop expect me to show him my license when he took it away last month	What an Idiot.
How do you make holy water from just plain water	You boil the hell out of it.
How do you kill a whole Circus at once	Aim for the Juggler...
How many Kings of Spain abdicated last week	Just Juan
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, cops aren't afraid of the dark.
How do you kill a Byzantine	You push him into an Ottoman.
Q: How many Camera Assistants does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Five: One to do it and four to tell you how they did it on the last job.
How many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb	Juan.
How does Kanye West screw in a lightbulb	He holds the lightbulb and the world revolves around him.
How many redditors does it take to point out a repost	All of them.
How can you tell if you're texting with a dyslexic pervert	You get this: ===D==8=
How do you have a party in space	You planet.
How do you sink a submarine full of blondes	you knock on the door.
How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer	Stick it in microwave and turn it on until it's Bill Withers.
How do you know women don't watch porn	They all end up on Back Room Casting Couch.
How do you call playing games while it snows heavily	Blizzard Entertainment.
How many Catholics can you fit in a habit	Nun
How do you ""titty fuck"" a seven-year old	Break her shoulders
How many times can you subtract the number 5 from 25	Only once, and then you are subtracting it from 20.
How does a metalworker like his Steak cooked	wel-dern
How do you say ""I surrender"" in french	Bonjour
How to tell if you're wearing too much Axe: 1. Are you wearing Axe	No- Good. Yes- That's too much.
How do you call a Mexican who lost his car	Carlos.
How old is Cam Brain	As old as trilobites.
How do you pay for incense	In cents
How do you feel when there is no coffee	Depresso.
How did Obama celebrate his reelection	He hosted a Democratic Party.
How long does it take to burn a candle down	About a wick !
How does Moses make tea	Hebrews it :D
How can you tell when your girlfriend is too fat	She fits into your wife's clothes.
How much semen does a catholic priest have	A butt load...
How did NBC respond to someone who criticized their broadcasting	I (*commercial break*) can't (*commercial break*) understand (*commercial break*) your accent (*commercial break*).
[maybe NSFW] How can you tell that a porn star works at your local gas station	Right before he's done filling the tank he pulls out the nozzle and sprays it all over the trunk of your car.
How would a Muslim describe Castro's gay, atheist lover	In Fidel.
How can you tell when Halloween is coming too soon	The sight of premature Ejack-o-lanterns in the neighborhood. I'm a Dad so this joke is OK
How does Robin Williams go thrift shopping	Good Will Hunting
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower	Give her a shovel.
How do you eat an Indian taco	Lift her gut.
How are puppet shows and politics similar	They are both a bunch of silly characters yapping at each other with someone else's hands up their asses.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, it's a hardware problem
How do you get to Nazi Germany It's on the third right EDIT: Woah this is like my third day here front page	I feel special now.
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a light-bulb	None. Don't worry about me, I'll just sit here in the dark.
Q: How do you recognize a blonde in school	A: They are the only ones who erase their notebook when the teacher erases the board.
How do you tell a hypocrite from a normal person	The hypocrite's the one that exists.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Just kidding, feminists can't change anything.
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to screw it in and one to take credit for it.
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree	You wave :)
How many rocks did Hank Schrader have in his collection by the end of Breaking Bad	None, they were all minerals.
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb	Toucan
How do you fix a woman's watch	- It doesn't matter. There is a clock on the oven.
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Four one to change it and the other three to deny it.
How many terribly overused Vine memes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	***19, you dumbass. Its 19. not twenty-fucking-one.***
How is sex like air	It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
How does good king wenceslas like his pizza	(An old classic) Deep and crisp and even
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None! ... They just beat the room for being black.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas	He felt his presents!
How do people in Nor Cal get around	Hella copters
How many terrorist does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just hold a knife to its throat and threaten to execute it if it doesn't change itself
How many Mexicans does it take to wax a car	1 if you hit him just right
How many redditors does it take to send a letter	Three. One to post it, and two to repost it.
How does Matthew McConaughey like his sandwiches	On rye on rye on rye.
How does Hitler make his coffee	He jews it.
How do you turn a fox in to an elephant	Marry it.
How do you test a saltshaker	You call in a redditor.
How do Freudians describe the human mind	As a huge ENEMA, I mean huge enigma.....
How do you catch a unique cat	Unique up on it.
How much does a cockney spend on shampoo	Paan ten.
How do you know if a pepper is starting a fight with you	It gets jalapeno face.
How did the Australian make the Olympics	He koala-fied!!!!! Buh-duh-tss
How's Donald Trump going to get rid of all the Mexicans	Juan by Juan.
How does Snoop Dogg keep his canine teeth white	BLEEEEEE-YATCH!
How do cities decide who gets to be in charge of wastewater management	They hold a runoff election.
How did SkyMall go bankrupt	I bought all my wife's birthday presents there before she left me.
How do you start a hedgehog race	Say ""GAH"".
How do you tell if someone is ticklish	You give them a couple of test-tickles.
How do you make seven even	Take the s off.
How did you know I was a member of Al Qaida	Was it my knees? Do I have terrorist's knees? Oh, the bomb. Not the knees then? That's good.
How can you tell if you at the gay BBQ	!? Its when all the Hot Dogs smell like shit!!!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	Accounting for the toxins in the skin of an unwashed potato... about 457
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Oh sure, just because I'm a woman means I have to do everything around here. And let me tell you...
How do the female members of the Human League Ovulate	They use their Philoaklian tubes
How many NorCal kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hella.
How do you start an Ethiopian rave	You tape bread to the ceiling.
How does Ice-Cube drink his milk	Straight Outta Carton.
Q: How do you fix a broken pizza	A: Use tomato paste.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just beat the room for being black
How many blondes does it take to make a great joke	Yes.
How did they get from one floor of the Death Star to another	In the elevader!
How do you keep a blonde busy	I actually took this joke from [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3nr339/how_do_you_keep_a_blonde_busy/)
Q: How can you tell the difference between all the banjo songs	A: By their names.
How do you win a superbowl without cheating	I don't know, I'm a Patriots fan
How many women does it take to bring down Herman Cain	Nine-Nine-Nine
How was copper wire invented	Two Jews fighting over a penny.
How many black people does it take to start a riot	One less than before
How can a line be both short and long	It's a long line of midgets!
How much did King Kong get paid for his latest movie	A gorillian dollars
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
How many unemployed actors does it take to change a light bulb	100. One to change it and 99 to stand around and say, ""Hey, I could've done that!
How much do pirates pay for their earrings	About a buccaneer!
How many animals are in a pair of pantyhose	Well there is 10 little piggies, 2 calves, an ass, a pussy and a dead fish, no one can find.
How do you make holy water	Boil the hell out of it. I'll show myself out.
How many tutors does it take to make a wild dog literate	It takes two to make a dingo write.
How do you go about picking up a nice Jewish girl	With a broom and a dustpan.
How Are Women And Rocks Alike	You Skip The Flat Ones.
How many gears does a French Tank have	5. 4 reverse and 1 forward for parades.
How does a hamster propose to his girlfriend	With a hamst-ring! I'm sorry.
How often do I see alligators	Ocajunally
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	none. They would just beat the room because it was black.
How do you know when to use ""fridge"" or ""refrigerator""	Open it, if there's a 'd' in it, it's a fridge.
How does Snoop Dogg keep his shirts so white	BLE-YATCH!
How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb	Please help. There are ten so far and they have invited their gross friends to our home. They are using the broken lightbulb to smoke crack off of.
How do you tell X chromosomes from Y chromosomes	You pull down their genes.
How many activists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, because they can't change anything.
How do you know that the drum riser is level	The drummer dribbles out of both corners of his mouth
How do you console someone with bad Grammar Skills	There, Their, They're.
How do lesbians celebrate special occasions	They eat out.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Just kidding, feminists don't change anything
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. They are very efficient, and have no sense of humor.
How many Mexican's does it take to change a lightbulb	Juan
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	10 tickles (tentacles).
How do you call Kanye West's pizza	Cheezy Jeezy.
How many Chernobyl survivors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They already glow.
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb	Just kidding, you can't change anything in the United States.
How many South American people does it take to screw in a light bulb	A Brazilian
How does a white girl prepare for the world	Basic training.
How do you silence an Italian	Cut off his hands
How are the Oakland Raiders like the mailman	Neither one delivers on Sunday!
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb	A light bulb weighs about 50g and a single ant can lift about .2g, so it takes somewhere around 250 ants working together.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronouce unionized
How did the Hipster burn his tongue	He ate pizza before it was cool
How do you stop the Polish army on horseback	You turn off the carousel.
How did Link win the basketball game for his team	He used the Hookshot!
Q: How many Scotsmen does it take to change a light bulb	A: Scotsmen don't change light bulbs it's cheaper to sit in the dark
How do epileptics greet people	They shake.
How do you stop a 6'4"" 300lb black kid from charging	You take away his EBT card.
How can you tell if a person's a vegan	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many blood hungry vampires does it take to dress a wound	The answer's irrelevant as they all suck at it anyway.
How do you call an unlocked phone	Married and virgin.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	They can't. The only thing they can screw is your mind.
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't care. You pick
How many Millennials does it take... to screw in a lightbulb	None. Their parents will do it for them.
Q: How many lead trumpet players does it take to change a light bulb	A: Fifty. One to do it and the others to stand around and say ""I could do that better.
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	When this gets 500 upvotes, I'll tell you the answer.
How do you change the number of sides in a pentagon	You intersect it with a plane.
How many morons does it take to change a lightbulb	14,000. 1 to hold the lightbulb, 4 to hold the chair, and 13,995 to spin the house.
How many times can you watch the Godfather movies before you're bored	More than a Coppola times....Solozzo times I guess..don't be a Fredo gettin' addicted to it.... It's Kay :)
How many mutants do you need to take over a Ship	5 MutantA MutantB MutantC MutantD and Mutiny
How do epileptics keep fit	With strobe lights.
How is eating pussy and being in the Mafia similar	One slip of tongue and you're in deep shit!!
How do triangles communicate	Sin language
How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb	Need to know ASAP.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	? Depends how hard you throw them.
How is a woman like KFC	After you're done with the breasts and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box.
How do you call Niggeria leaving EU	blackout
How do you spell badly	With a broken magic wand.
How is college like a woman	It takes forever to get in, and nine months later you wish you hadn't come.
How did John Lennon like his Pop Tarts	Strawberry filled forever.
How do historians know Hitler had a drinking problem	White Russians were the death of him.
How do you call a dog without legs	you don't you go and grab him
How can you find a blind guy at a nude beach	Oh come on, it's not hard...
How does the Karate Kid pleasure himself	Wax off
How did Moses feel after falling for a craigslist scam	Egypt.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in tents.
How many ears does Captain Picard have	A right ear. A left ear. And a final front ear.
how many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three, the right ear, the left ear and the final frontier
How to end world hunger	By letting the hungry die.
How do you make a dog drink	Put it in a blender.
How did Rihanna know Chris Brown was cheating on her	She found the other girls lipstick on his knuckles.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A Brazilian.
How did the Ethiopian escape prison	He squeezed through the bars.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A Brazilian!
How did the two Irish gay guys know they were meant for each other	Their names are Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
How many contortionists fit in the trunk of a regular sedan	Depends on the size of the pieces.
Q: How many DP's does it take to  screw in a light bulb	A: Just one if he's got a good crew to do it.
How do you summon a wizard taxi	CABRACADABRA!
How does every racist joke start	With looking over your shoulder.
How did the french guy feel when he got hit by a piece of bread	He felt pain.
How do you upset a plumber	Kidnap his princess.
How many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a bad joke teller	To get to the other side!
Q: How many Pisceans does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None: only the inner light matters.
How do you spell Canada in Canadian	C EH N EH D EH
How do you turn a fox into a cow	Marry them
How easy is it to get stoned in Amsterdam	It's a piece of cake.
How many vegetarians does it take to eat a bacon cheeseburger	One, if no one's looking.
How do you catch a red elephant	With a red elephant trap.
How does the female reproductive system like to order its eggs	Ovaries-y
How many Brazilian national football players does it take to change a lightbulb	No one knows - every time they pick one up, they end up giving it away.
How do you make a butterfly	Flick it out of the butter dish with a knife !
How do you cure the hiccups	Dunk your head in a bucket of water and pull it out twice.
How does clickbait work	Just grab this electrical cable. Then what happens? WHAT HAPPENS NEXT WILL SHOCK YOU!!!!!
How do you know if someone grew up in New York City	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many male chauvinists does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. Let the bitch wash the dishes in the dark.
How do you tell a chemist from a non-chemist	Ask them to pronounce 'unionized.'
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman	Zero.
How do you find a blind man at a nudist colony	It's not hard
How many bureaucrats does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to assure that everything possible is being done about the situation and the other one to screw it into the faucet.
Q: How is a banana peel on the sidewalk like music	A: If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
How do polish people show gratitude	They say thansk.
How can you tell if a fat chick is pregnant	You can't.
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb	A Brazilian.
How do you take a pig to hospital	By hambulance!
How can you make a moth ball	Hit it with a fly swatter.
How is the retarded basketball player doing	Well, he has his ups and down's.
How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers	With relish
How do you catch a unique bird	Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird? Tame way you caught the unique bird.
How do you clean a seat for a woman	Wipe your face
How did the date go	-Not good. Aww what went wrong? -*thinks back to accidentally popping a zit into her soup* She just wasn't my type.
How do you get a fat girl into bed	Piece of cake! Edit: Holy shit I didn't even realize it was my cake day. Woah
How do you improve public transportation in Ferguson, MI	Move the trees closer together.
How can you find a fag in a newspaper	It's not hard.
How often do i make jokes about chemistry	Periodically.
How does moses make coffee	Hebrews it
How many beans are in Irish bean soup	Two-thirty-nine. One more and it'd be too farty.
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Depends on how many cops planted it there
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do you greet a Rastafarian who's out of work	jahbless
How do you make a small fortune in the movie industry	You spend a large fortune *ba dum tiss*
How many light bulbs does it take to change a person	None. Light bulbs don't change anything.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool!
How many wizards does it take to change a lightbulb	Depends what you want it to change into...
How do Chinese parents pick a name for their child	Throw an aluminum pan down the stairs.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None because feminists can't change anything.
How does Sean Connery shave	CTRL + S
How come Puerto Ricans don't like blow jobs	They don't like any kind of jobs
How do you call 8 Hobbits	A Hobbyte
How do you find a blind guy at a nude beach	It's not hard
How many sorority girls does it take to change a light bulb	Six. One to change it, one to take pictures and four to make t-shirts for the event.
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A Brazillian.
How many pilots does it take to change a light bulb	None it is done by the automatic pilot.
How can you spot a bad stripper	Because they half-ass it.
How did the crazy man get across the forrest	He took the psycho path. (   )
How do you annoy a Reddittor	repost
How can you tell if Michael Jackson has company	Q. How can you tell if Michael Jackson has company? A. There's a big wheel parked outside his house.
How many dwarves does it take to paint a room red	It depends how hard you throw then against the wall.
How did the burglary tournament work	it was a round robbin'
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods	Attractive.
How long does it take to cook a baby in a microwave	I don't know, I was too busy masturbating.
How did Hitler become a hero	He killed Hitler.
How do you find white Canadian reggae musician Snow in the snow	You ask an informer
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a light bulb	YOU DON'T FUCKING KNOW, YOU WASN'T THERE!
How many dead babies does it take to confuse a blond woman	to get to the other side....
Q: How is Christmas celebrated in a Jewish home	A: They put parking meters on the roof!
Q: How can you get out of a locked room with a piano in it	A: Play the piano until you find the right key.
How do Mongolians practice safe sex	They use a khandom.
How many babies does it take to open a door	It depends on how hard you can throw.
How did the Chinese atheist get to heaven	Jesus said to him ""Behold! I am risen!"" and he said ""That's nice  I don't bereave you.
How do you tell if there's a Pilot in the room	They've already told you.
How is a Buddhist monk and a bumblebee alike	They are both peaceful, but when pissed off have a tendency to burn.
How do you tell a rabbit from a gorilla	A rabbit doesn't look like a gorilla.
How many Freudian slips does it take to change a light bulb	Two! One to hold the bulb, the other to hold the cock, uh, penis, I mean, uh, ladder.
How many potatoes do you need to kill an Irish man	None
How do you see that a linedancer came from Belgium and not from the Netherlands	He wears the cardboard box on his boots.
How do you make 30 senior citizens swear	Shout ""Bingo!"" before them
How did the redneck find the goat in the tall grass	Satisfying.
How do you cut the Roman empire in half	You use a pair of Caesars
How do you find the blind guy at a nudist colony	It ain't hard.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three. His left ear, his right ear, and the final front ear.
Q: How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb	A: Only one but it may take him/her more than five years to do it.
How does Samsung know its most loyal customers	They check with the burn ward. (I'll get my coat)
How do Humans Reproduce	A: Sexually B: Sexually C: Sexually
How many Mormons does it take to change a lightbulb	Ten. One to actually change the lightbulb and nine to bring refreshments
How do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher	Calculator!
How does the Pirate watch his movie	He PIRATES them off line. (Or torrents them off Pirates Bay) =)
How do Mexican peanuts tell time	cacawatches
How does a T-Rex like its meat	RRRRAAAAAWWWWWWW
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts to fit in your wifes clothes.
How do people get their drivers to murder someone	Mine sulks if I ask him to fetch groceries.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they would just beat the room for being dark.
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting too fat	She fits in to your wife's clothes.
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. They hold it in place and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How much semen does a gay guy have	A butt load.
How does an insane man get through the forest	By taking the psychopath. hhhhehehhehe good one right? yeh? no..? ok.
How many Chicago Policemen does it take to crack an egg	None. It fell down the stairs.
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes a doctor and two nurses to get it out.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but you have to get them in there first.
How many Jews can you fit in a car	(OFFENSIVE) Two in the front, 3 in the back, six million in the ash tray.
How does Luke Skywalker get through the forest	Ewoks
How many Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, that's a Mexican's job.
How do you know when there is a snowman in  your bed	You wake up wet !
how much does a deer cost	its ""radyr"" - its funny because in Denmark radyr means two things - ""very expensive"" and ""doe
How do monkeys go down the stairs	They slide down the banana-ster! :D
How do you spot Will Smith in a snowstorm	You look for the fresh prints.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde rejects a new  brain transplant	A: She sneezes.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs...they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
How many roadies does it take to change a lightbulb	Two, two, two
Q: How does a wizard keep his potions safe from burglary	A: With a warlock.
How do mermaids have sex	They mermate
How do you stop a dog howling in the back of a car	Put him in the front.
How many aspiring actresses does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know - normally they screw in the casting director's hot tub
How do drugs end up in prison	They get smuggled in by some asshole.
Q: How many Pentagon procurement officers does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Look for only $87 billion we can put up this chain of fluorescent satellites that will illuminate the whole planet.
How can you tell a blonde is having a really bad day	Her tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil!
How many Heisenbergs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	If you know the number, you don't know where the socket is.
How did the witch almost lose her baby	She didn't take it far enough into the woods.
How does Queen Elizabeth win a game of poker	She goes to the bathroom.
How can I give myself a 12 inch penis	Fold it in half. ( )
Q: How old is Tyrion Lannister	A: Peter Dinkl-age
How does Sean Connery shave	Control + S
How does a duck pay for lipstick	She puts it on her bill
How many accident-prone people does it take to change a lightbulb	We're on our sixth.
How many people does it take to screw a lightbulb	Just one guy with a really weird fetish.
How many jews can u fit in a Volkswagen	2 in the front, 2 in the back, and about 6 million in the ashtray. ..
How many Atheists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to actually do it, the other to film it so fundamentalists won't claim that God did it.
How much free space does Europe have	1 GB.
How many biblical figures does it take to get Donald Trump elected president	Two Corinthians.
How do you know when a hiptser is a good secret agent	You've never heard of him.
How many Coldplay members does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
How many Roman pirates does it take to change a light bulb	I I
How do u make a Pirate angry	Take the P out of him.
How did Pinocchio find out he was made of wood	His hand caught fire.
How does a Mathematician hang them selves	With a hypotenuse.
How can a cat walk with no feet	He can't, it's impawsible.
How do you get a one-armed monkey out of a tree	Wave at him
How many developers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's a hardware problem
Q: How has Clinton made his cabinet look more like America	A: Many of them have sixth grade reading levels.
How many shaves does it take to remove all a persons pubic hair	A brazillion!
How did the potato get back from the party	It booked a Tuber.
How does Dallas Cowboys fans change a lightbulb	They don't... they just talk about how good the old one was.
How can you tell what rank a Russian soldier is	Count the stripes on his track pants.
How does every racist joke begin	With a quick look around the room.
How do blondes like their eggs	Unfertilized
Q: How do you electrocute a blonde	A: Tell her to demonstrate the proper usage of an electric chair.
How much does automail cost	An arm and a leg.
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree	Wave to him
How many people died on the Titanic	A boatload.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He sipped his coffee before it was cool.
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense	A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.)
How many transgender people does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one. But they have to sit in the dark room for a year, first, to make sure that the lightbulb is *definitely* out.
How can you make a gay man scream twice	Fudge him real hard. Then wipe your dick off on his curtains.
How do you stop bacon from curling in the pan	Take away their tiny brooms!
How Do You Embarrass An Archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from
How can you tell that microchips are made in the US and not the UK	Because if they were made in the UK they would be called microcrisps.
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist beach	It's not hard..
How many frat boys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they prefer natural light
How is a librarian like a sex addict	Their favorite past time is between the covers.
How do fireflies lose weight	They burn calories.
How can you tell who's the head nurse at a hospital	It's the one who has knee pads on.
how do I know I'm old	I can hear teens having a good time and I'm mad about it
How do beekeepers keep their bees so chill	They smoke them out.
How does one become an Astronaut	Dip your anus in nutella. Hahahahaha :')
How can you tell if a farmer is a good farmer	He's out standing in his field
How do you date a ghost	You 'WOOOO' him!
How do Icelandic dogs bark	Bjork Bjork
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Its a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How do you know you can't trust doctors and lawyers	Because they both ""practice"" their professions.
Q: How did bulldogs get such flat noses	- A: From chasing cars.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb	One..... Or two...
How did Skrillex get Potassium Hydroxide all over the floor	He dropped the base.
How many ears does Mr. Spock have	3; The left ear, the right ear, and the final front ear.
How do boats apologise	S**oar**ry!
How to comfort a homosexuals family if hes in a coma	You can always say ""well, look at it this way; he was a fruit, now hes a vegetable!
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	One. They just hold the lightbulb and cry until the universe spins around them.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a lightbulb	One, he holds up the bulb and the world revolves around him
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	TEN TICKLES!!
How do you tell the difference between a triathlete and biathlete	A triathlete doesn't go both ways.
How many black guys does it take to cook chicken	None. Blacks belong in the fields, woman belong in the kitchen.
How can you tell when a mechanic has had sex	When one of his fingers is clean.
How many population geneticists does it take to change a light bulb	It's independent of population size.
How Many People Do the Police Have to Kill to Start a Riot	3/5ths
How does a blond like her eggs in the morning	fertilized
How did the cynic die	He died of liver failure. He took everything with a pinch of salt.
How does the Apothecary make his wife orgasm	Elixir
How many eggs did Kelly Clarkson eat for Easter	All of them. (It's timely if not funny, right?)
How does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout	By eating a Brownie.
How many black men did it take to rape the white woman	0 She is a lying bitch.^don'tberacist
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb	1 Brazilian
How did the sad mathematician kill himself	With a hypotenuse
How do you know when your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb	Answer: r/AskReddit
How many Feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, Feminists can't change anything!
How can you tell if a man is cheating on you	He has a bath more than once a month.
[Dirty] How does Leia spend Father's Day	Riding Solo
How do you get a horse out of jail	Hay bail.
How do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw forks at them.
How does a black girl know she's pregnant	When she takes out her tampon, all of the cotton is picked.
How do you make a cat bark	Soak it in lighter fluid, throw a match on it. Woof!
How many mods does it take to change a lightbulb	[deleted]
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	You're a fucking rapist.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's some obscure number.. You've probably never heard of it
How many Freudian analysts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to actually screw it in, and one to hold the ~~penis.~~ Edit: Ladder. One to hold the ladder.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	To get to the other side!
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	To get to the other side.
How many mice does it takes to screw, in a lightbulb	Two, as always.
How do we know that slaves went to college	They all had masters
How'd you sleep last night	Like God during the holocaust.
How do you know when a blonde has been using your computer	There is white-out on the screen. How do you know that another blonde has been using the computer? Someone has written on the white-out.
How did one gold atom greet the other gold atom	'ey you.
How do metal guitarists handle their expensive instruments	Very Djently.
How did one Brain apologise to the other	I'm cerebro
How do you get into a pool full of women	Easy, it's called muff diving.
How many tickles does it take to make laugh an octopus	Ten tickles
How many ears does Spock have	Three, a left ear, right ear, and a Final Frontier.
How do you kiss a girl on valentines day	You use tulips.
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment	Tenants.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	With little Nazis
How does the Mexican national anthem start	Jose can you see.....
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they just beat the bulb for being broke and the room for being black!
How dwarfs have sex	Little by little !
How do you piss off winnie the pooh	Stick 2 fingers in his honey.
How does a Jew greet their friends	Challah!
How many dead hookers does it take to change out the light in my basement	Well...apparently more than four.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side.
How did the media find out that princess Diana had dandruff	They saw her head and shoulders in the glove compartment
How did the group of 4 dogs win the golf tournament	They combined for 16 paws.
How do you make a fruit cordial	Be nice to him.
How does a psychic open a bag of chips	They Tarot.
How do you tell a Communist joke	Repeatedly.
How do you make the Reddit front page	(Repost)
How do you call a dog with no legs	It does not matter it will not come
How does George W. Bush do well on his high school midterms	He uses study strategeries.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	You don't know...? Oh.. Man, that's lame.
How much space is left in EU	1 GB
How do you know if a black lady is pregnant	If she pulls out her tampon and all the cotton has been picked.
How many mexicans	how many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb? Juan.
How do you make a Welshman fall asleep	Ask him how much sex he's had in his lifetime.
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two, one to change the bulb and another to hold the penis. ladder! I meant ladder.
How does Bob Marley like his donuts	With Jammin'.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was cool...
How does Hitler tie his shoesies	With little nazis.
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snow plow	Give her a shovel
How many Suhhh Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, it's already lit fam
How does an Arab farmer find his goat in the sand dunes	Very satisfying.
Q: How is a thief like a thermometer on a hot day	A: They are both up to something.
How do you titillate and ocelot	You oscillate it's tit a lot!
How come does Luke Skywalker does not have a girlfriend	He was looking for love in Alderaan places
How did the Trump supporter find his sister in the woods	Not bad.
How does every racist joke start	[looks over both shoulders]....
How did the dog make anti-freeze	He stole her blanket.
How do we know a blind man created mermaids	He smelled the bottom half of a woman..
How much does a hipster weigh	An *instagram*
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	That's a trick question. Feminists haven't changed anything.
How did alexander find out his wife was a slut	when she got the whores throat.
How do you think the unthinkable	Run your thip into an ithberg
How do you know your sister's on her period	Your father's cock tastes like blood.
How many tries does it take to get to the front page	A LOT.
How is a woman who got her winter coat at Target similar to an officer on leave	They both got their fur low.
How many shrinks does it take to change a tire	Well, first the tire really has to want to change...
How do you kill a vampire baby	Stake and shake
How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, and a really big lightbulb.
Q: how many vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: YOU DON'T KNOW! YOU WEREN'T THERE MAN!!! YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!!!!!
How do you tell the difference between a terrorist and a tenured professor	You can negotiate with a terrorist.
How do Chinese people laugh	LMAO ZEDONG!
How do you know your sister is having her period	When your fathers dick taste like blood.
How do you catch a rabbit	You hide in a field and make carrot noises.
How many hamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only two, but you have to wonder how the hell they got in there
How do you stop a bull from charging	Take away his credit card.
How did Samwell Tarly survive against white walkers	survival of the fattest
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but god-knows how they got in there. EDIT: [IMAGE HERE](http://i.imgur.com/1v6wJu5.jpg)
How do you get a 300 pound woman into bed	piece of cake
How does a witch make scrambled eggs	She holds the pan and gets two friends to make the stove shake with  fright.
How can you tell when a Canadian is successful	He dies in his LA home at 82.
How do you get a blonde pregnant	Cum in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.
How did David Copperfield get HIV	From doing Magic.
How do you get down off an elephant	You don't. You get down off a goose.
How do you stop an elephant from charging	Take away its USB cable.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced	A buccaneer.
How do you make a dead baby float	One glass of rootbeer and two scoops of dead baby.
How many recruits does it take to change a lightbulb	Five. One to change the lightbulb and four road guards.
How do terrorist surfers spend free time at Guantanamo Bay	WATERBOARDING!!!
How does Winnie the Pooh open his honey pot	With his bear hands. Thank the Chive for that one.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten
How did Hitler like his orange juice	Reposted. No? OK. Concentrated.
How do you make a candle really happy...	Blow it out, it'll be delighted
How do we know for sure that Darth Vader isn't black	Because he keeps on saying ""I am your father
Q: How do you picture yourself flying on a  broom	A: By witchful thinking.
How do you impregnate an African woman	jerk off on her feet then let the flies do the rest.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick Question! Feminists can't change anything.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None... he fell.
How do you find out that a blonde girl got a bad day	She has a tampon behind her ear, and she is looking for her pencil.
How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy...	How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy and say, ""Congratulations"" but no one rubs the guy's balls and says ""Good job""?!
How do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving	Depends
how do you know when a computer geek likes you	he looks at your feet instead of his own...
How about the No Bucket Challenge	Basically you just give a charity some money and don't tell anyone about it.
How can you tell if a woman is bi-polar	She works at two different strip clubs.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	It's some really obscure number. You've probably never even heard of it.
How do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit	Unique up on it. How do you catch a very calm rabbit? The tame way.
How many Scientologists does it take to change a light bulb	What suppressive told you to change the light bulb? Report to Ethics immediately!
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's an obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
How is snow white	-Pretty good according to the 7 dwarfs
How many comedians does it take to change a light bulb	Dunno. Never been able to get them past the question.
How does Wonder Woman like Superman to perform oral sex	She likes him to do the justice lick.
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb	...2, but how'd they get in there.
How does a butcher introduce his wife to his friends	Meet Patty
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as an altar boy
How do you know when your girlfriend is to young	When you have to make the aeroplane noise to get your cock in her mouth.
How many girls does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know, you tell me.
How many people from rio does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A Brazilian. Saw this joke elsewhere and thought i'd share it here.
How many Social Justice Warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	None, just the one black guy they get to do it so they can tell him how oppressed he is.
How do you get a stranger to hop onto a bandwagon	You poke 'em on.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. The question is how they got in there.
How do you know an Asian has robbed your house	They're still in your driveway
How come there's a History Channel that tells us what happened but not a Future Channel that tells us what's about to happen	That's racist.
How is a lady like a casino	Liquor in the front and poker in the back
How can you make a small fortune	start with a big one
How does every Black joke start	... By looking over your shoulder
How can you tell if a duck has soul	If it's bill withers!
How are beer nuts like deer nuts	You can find a small bag of each under a buck.
How do attractive men pay for things	They handsome money to the cashier
How did the scientist like his guacamole	With lots of Avogadro!
How did I get out of Iran	Iraq. Edit: Guys I think I fucked up.
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in  a light bulb	A: Six. One to screw in the lightbulb and five to fend off all those Californians trying to share the experience.
How do you make a nun pregnant	(fixed) NSFW Dress her up as an altar boy and hope he misses.
How do you describe the facial features of a man who shaves with sculpting tools	Chiseled.
How do you organize wet books	With the mildewy decimal system!
How do you get holy water	Boil the hell out of it.
How do you call a deer with no eyes	No idea.
How do you make a plumber cry	You murder his family.
How come you never get into a fart contest with a girls	They have double barrels. Probably a repeat, but my brother in law hadn't heard it so I figured I would post it.
How did Jesus feel when He was crucified by the jews	He was very cross with them!
How does a designer's laugh sound like	Hue Hue Hue Hue
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A fish...
How do Jedis close their programs on a Mac	They use Force quit.
How is being a pimp like being a farmer	You get some hoes and they get dough for you.
How much hummus did the anorexic Arab eat	A tahini bit!
How do you drown a blonde	Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
how can you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday	Tell her a joke Wednesday.
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant	Burger King didn't cover his Whopper.
How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris	Don't know. Its never been done before.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question. They can't change anything.
How do bored cows sound like	Meh
How do you keep a lawyer from drowning	Shoot him.
How do Alabama parents teach their kids to put on their underwear	Yellow in the front, brown in the back.
How does Justin Beiber remove a condom	He farts.
How do lesbian carpenters work	No studs. All tongue in groove.
Q: How do you catch a tame rabbit	A: The tame way -- unique up on him.
How do you spell Canada in Canadian	C, eh! N, eh!, D, eh!
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just Juan
How does a Welshman find a sheep in tall grass	Attractive
How did the sheep get a Nobel Prize	It was out standing in its field!
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How do Chinese pick a name for their newborn	They kick a Can
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day	F5.
How many ""friend zone"" guys does it take to put in a light bulb	It doesn't matter how many. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw. Edit: Credits to Drougen for making it better.
How does Harry Potter travel about	Walking -Jk Rolling
How do you get three old ladies to say the ""F"" word	Yell ""BINGO!
How can you tell the inventor of the toothbrush was from West Virginia	If he was from anywhere else it would be called a teethbrush.
How many indie bands does it take to change a light bulb	Eh, it's some number you've probably never heard of.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	Three. Two to complain about it and one to light an organic scented candle.
How many Vladimir Putins' does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they didn't Putin enough effort. Just a play on his last name, nothing more.
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How Can You Tell When The NSA is Monitoring Your Computer	The power is on and you're connected to the internet.
How many protesters does it take to change a lightbulb	**TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING**
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number, you wouldn't have heard of it
How did the nervous female organ that was going to Hollywood feel	They were overreacting.
Q: How did the chewing gum cross the road	A: By sticking to the chicken's foot.
How do you make five pounds of fat look good	Put a nipple on it!
How do you make five pounds of fat look good	Put a nipple on it.
How can you know if somebody watches Doctor Who	They'll make sure you know.
How do you say constipated in German	Fahfrompoopin
How did Michael Jackson get food poisoning	He ate a 10 year old wiener.
How can Peter Pan fly	You'd fly too if somebody panned your peter.
How many dull people does it take to change a light bulb	One
How does Geppetto exact his revenge on Monstro the Whale	Marry a net maker
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, feminist can't change anything.
[Drug Deal] How do I know ur not a cop	If I was a cop would I do this?"" *Starts break dancing* That's not as much proof as you think it is
How many nurses does it take to screw in a light bulb	None - They just have a nursing assistant do it.
How do you know that Beyonce is a hardcore programmer	VB ALL NIGHT!!!!!
How does NASA organize their Christmas party	They planet
How much for the best friend	Manager : Sir, we've been through this, our cashiers aren't for sale.
How is a photon like an abandoned church	They have no mass.
How is air like sex	It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	...pick it up and suck it's dick.
How many scientists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Significantly more than zero, *p* &lt; .001.
how do you get 100 babies in a trash can	blender!... how do you get them back out? ... doritos!
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb	17, 1 to hold the lightbulb, 1 to hold the ladder and the other 15 to drink whiskey until the roof spins
How many dub-step artists does it take to clean a bathtub	100\. One to actually clean it, and 99 to talk about how dirty it is.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	Three. A left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
How can you get a cannibal to go away	Give him the finger.
How did the geometry teach kill himself	He used a hypote-""noose
How many Frenchmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one to hold it in place while the rest of Europe runs circles around it.
How come the dog never finished his game	He was stuck on paws. Forgive me reddit senpai
How Moses makes his tea	Hebrews it.
How many gay dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb	A whole buttload of them.
How do find the blind man at the nudist colony	It's not hard.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room because its black
How are Jail and Olive Garden Similar	Free Endless Salad Tossing
How'd you keep an idiot in suspense	I'll tell you later.
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant	Burger King forgot to wrap his Whopper.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. JK. Rolling
How did Genghis Khan conquer Mongolia	One steppe at a time.
How can you tell someone is vegan	Don't worry, they'll tell you
How do you tell if someone's an introvert	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How did the urologist ruin his Christmas	[OC] He looked inside Santa's sack.
How many friend-Zoned Guys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just compliment it and then get pissed off when it wont screw.
How does a black woman fight crime	She has an abortion.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A fish.
How do parents in Africa celebrate their kid's first birthday	They bring flowers to his grave.
How do you know that you are a redditor	I'll tell you tomorrow.
How do Jews celebrate Christmas	They put parking meters on the roof
How did Dairy Queen get pregnant	Burger King didn't wrap his Whopper.
How do you put a condom on a elephant	You take the c out of ice and the f out of weigh.
Q: How do you get a Polak out of the bath tub	A: Throw in a bar of soap.
How do you stop an Italian from talking	Cut their hands off.
How did a hipster burn his mouth	Drank his coffee before it was cool
How much do the potatoes cost	How much do the potatoes cost?"" - ""2.50"" - ""And the bag"" - ""The bag is free"" - ""Ok, give me the bag
How do you make an archaeologist mad	Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
How is pussy like veal	It tastes sweeter the younger it is.
How does a West Virginia mother know when her daughter is on her period	Her son's dick tastes funny
How can you tell if a dictionary has been working out	You can see the definition.
How do you describe someone who has a boner when they are at their workplace	Hard at work
How do you get a drummer off your doorstep	You pay for the pizza.
How do weathermen get up a mountain	They climate.
How do you make a hormone	Kick her in the gut!
How do you get a drummer off your porch	Pay for the pizza.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Zero, they will just beat the room for being black.
How do you get over Trump's wall	With the help of a Trumpoline.
How many Brits does it take to change a broken lightbulb	None. They just move out of the house.
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom	He farts
Q: How do you drown a blonde	A: Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the bathtub.
How do you catch a Swedish fish	With a gummy worm as bait
How did the flea learn to use the  internet	He had to start from scratch.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a Lightbulb	**One.** **Germans are very efficient and not very funny.** *Source: My co-worker.* *I'm German and I approve this message.*
How do you become president of Russia	You gotta Put-in the hours
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good	Put a nipple on it!
How do you stop the dog trying to hump your leg	Suck his dick.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	One. They're efficient and don't have humour.
How was copper wire invented	two Jews were fighting over a penny
How can you tell if you have a high sperm-count	if she has to chew before swallowing.
How many plug-in air fresheners does it take to mask the decay of human flesh	I'm asking for for a friend.
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Cause it's definitely not 4. My basement is still dark &amp; I'm running out of room.
How do you make an English Muffin blush	You nook at its crannies.
How do you know a cat is ready to leave	He makes a fe-line for the door.
How does a Syrian family have a meal	The men provide the food and the women do the cooking, leaving the children to wash up afterwards.
How are a Christmas tree and a priest alike	They both have ornamental balls.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	A.I.D.S.
How do you hydrate a 2 year old at Disney World	Gatorade
How do you stop a Mexican tank	Shoot the people pushing it.
How does Santa know if he lands on a Jewish house	There's a parking meter on the roof.
How do you know you're talking to a sales guy	He says ""I'm not a sales guy"".
How many Vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger	Only one... if no one is looking!
How does Anakin Skywalker get around the Death Star	He takes the elevader. *Sith floor, please.*
How many dicks does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one but he will be a real asshole about it.
How's my life	Let's just say I'm starting a lot of sentences with ""let's just say"".
How do porcupines play leapfrog	Very carefully
How long does the perfect job interview last	Exactly as long as a blowjob takes.
How do American chickens cross the road	In a bucket.
How many psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb	How many do you think it takes?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	10-tickles.
How much do deodorant factory workers get paid	A pittance.
How many Apple executives does it take to change a light bulb	They dont. They turn it into the hype of the new generation.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How do you make a dead baby float	two scoops of ice cream one scoop of dead baby root beer
How do you circumcuse a whale	You send four skin divers down to it
How can a blind person tell if they're home	They check the architexture.
How many people do the cops need to kill in order to start a riot	3/5ths
How do fat women defy physics	Because the heavier they get, the easier they are to pick up.
How did Donald Trump earn his millions	He started with his dad's billions.
How many white people does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just hire a mexican to do it.
How can you tell God is a man	If God was a woman sperm would taste like chocolate
How do you know if you're a bogan	You let your 15 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table... in front of her kids.
Q: How do you make a witch itch	A: Take away her W.
How do you kill Donald Trump	You dont, that would be a poor life decision you would most likely be imprisoned. But you get to practice your TRUMPet.
How many frat guys does it take to change a light bulb	Four. One to change the bulb and three to make a t-shirt about it.
How do you make tear-free soap	Don't use child labor.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce unionized. **x-post r/ScienceHumour**
How did the telephones get married	In a double ring ceremony !
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense	A: Give her a mirror and tell her to wait for the other person to say 'hi.'
How many Mexicans will make it across the border when Trump becomes president	Juan in a million.
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
How do you sell a dog to someone hard of hearing	Get really close to their ear and shout, ""DO YOU WANNA BUY A DOG?
How does Steve Bannon, Trump's Senior Chief Strategist feel after he gets over a cold	Alt-Right
How long does it take to for Mexicans to do a job	Oh, wait... they're done.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	...none. They arrest the bulb for being broke and beat the shit out of the room for being black.
How tall do you have to be to ride a Kanye West rollercoaster	About Ye big.
How Many Running Backs Does It Take To Turn On A Light	Two. One to find the switch...the other to hit it.
How much crack did Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill two and a half men
How would you describe your past work	[Cut to me picking up coins off sidewalks and taking them to CoinStar] -Change management.
How many christians does it take to change a lightbulb	three, but they're really one
How many tickles does it take for an octopus to laugh	Tentickles.
How does Jennifer Lopez like her cheese	From the block.
How do you get a fat girl into bed	It's a piece of cake
How are Americans and poles similar	Running into one could really ruin your day.
How do you kill bread	Bake it for a little while, and it will be toast.
How many /r/twoxchromosomes posters does it take to change a lightbulb	Ten. 1 to screw in the lightbulb, and the other 9 to provide emotional support.
How much does it cost to kill a Jew	It holocausts one.
How do the Lannisters save money on new beds	They push Two twins together to make a King
How can you tell if Trump is lying	His lips move. How can you tell if Clinton is lying? [deleted]
How many hairs are in a dog's tail	None. They are all on the outside.
How to sink a submarine with 10 blondes in it	You knock on the door.
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	1000 One to change it and 999 to walk into the same room and change the same light bulb without checking to see if it needed changing first.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Its a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
How man Sah Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None fam it's already lit! Sah duude!
how many African Americans ""by way of slave ships"" does it take to screw in a light bulb	no less than 2. some one has to drive the pink cadilac
How much calcium is in a kiss	Enough to make a bone hard.
How do you know if someone owns an Apple Watch	Don't worry, they will tell you.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but I've no idea how they got in there!
How do spies eat their waffles	Syruptitiously!
How many dancers does it take to change a Light bulb	5,6,7,8.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited	He's breathing.
How did the media know JFK was cheating on his wife	They saw him getting blown in the back seat.
How does Sherlock prefer his tea	Steeped in mystery!
How big is the US-Mexico border wall going to be	It's gonna be YUGE!!!
How do you jump out of a fifteen-floors building without getting hurt	You jump from the 1st one.
How do you compliment a girl with a cold sore	You tell her that her smile is contagious.
How do you know Axe was invented by black people	If it was white people who invented it, it would be called Ask.
How do snowmen read their e-mails	With an icy-stare!
how do you organize a party in space	you planet.
Q: How did the artist paint a picture	A: Easel-y.
How does Donald Trump plan to silence the terrorists	Muzzle 'em
How do dinosaurs smell	Ex-stinky
How many jews fit in a car	2 in the front, 3 in the back and 1000 in the ash tray.
How do Jewish people celebrate Christmas	They all gather around their cash registers and sing ""What a Friend We Have In Jesus...
How do you get a guitar player to shut up	Put sheet music in front of him
How much of a difference is there between the penis and testis	A vas deferens.
How do you feel when there's no more coffee	depresso
How do you know when someone smokes weed	Dont worry, they'll tell you.
How is a woman like a bar	Liquor in the front, poker in the back  (   )
How do you make a little girl cry twice	Wipe you dick off on her teddy bear. I...I'm sorry. I was told this by a schoolmate in middle school.
How many /r/news mods does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know, but it only takes one to get it [removed]
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb	Three, one to climb the ladder, one to shake it, and one to sue the ladder company.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Only Juan.
How do long distance runners send e-mail	On the sprin-ternet.
How do you get a Jewish Girl's number	Roll up her sleeve!
How do you fit an elephant into a string bikini	You take the ""s"" out of ""sex"" and the ""f"" out of ""way.
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know I keep throwing them it just doesn't change.
How do you stop a rhino from charging	Take away his credit cards. I'll let myself out...
How did the hipster burn his mouth	he ate the pizza before it was cool.
How do Italian Jews like their bread	With-a matzah holes in it.
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in the tall grass	Very satisfying. Retweaked joke: How does a (insert nationality here) find a sheep in the tall grass? Very (insert extremely lustful emotion here)!
How did the little boy save the catholic priest's life	He found a lump on his testicle.
How did I know my joke was not alright with my audience	They all left.
How do you start a rave party in Africa without a soundsystem	Glue a sandwich on the ceiling.
How do you top a truck	tep on the brake tupid
How do Reavers clean their spears	They send them through the Wash.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person	None
How did the stoner die	Blunt force trauma.
How do you confuse a drummer	Give him sheet music
[NSFW] How did the Redneck mother know that her daughter was having her period	Grandpa's dick tasted funny.
How are Jimmy Carter and the Long Island Railroad the same	They both pull out of Roslyn every morning at 8:15.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How many Harvard graduates does it take to change a light bulb	One. He just puts it in the socket and lets the world turn around him.
how do you know you're at a gay picnic	the hotdogs taste like shit
How much does it cost to kill Tony Stark's parents	Just one buck.
How do you kill 20 flies at once	Slap that little Ethiopian in the face.
how can you tell if someone is vegan	Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
How can you tell someone's an atheist	You can't. They'll always tell you first.
How do you make Holy Water	Boil the hell out of it.
How do you get a blonde to marry you	Tell her she's pregnant.
How do you make an octopus laugh	Ten Tickles
How much for the soulmate	Ma'am, that's a bag of Doritos.
How do you titillate an Ocelot	Ocillate it's tit a lot
How do you make a woman orgasm	Who gives a fuck
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	You look for fresh prints
How many dead babies does it take to fill up my house	One more.
How do Indian chiefs send messages	By teepee-mail!
How do you confuse a gay person	7
How about some snappy one-liners	Ironically, the only way you could get me to watch 50 shades of gray is if you tied me up and forced me to watch it.
How do Sesame Street characters reproduce	Big bird's eggs and ABCmen.
How do you get an r/jokes redditor confused	loading...
How many downies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Potatoe
How do you cut a Emo sandwich	Trick question, it cuts itself.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants	He'll do it **Juan by Juan.** (So corny, IK.)
How many letters are there in the  alphabet	Eleven. T-H-E A-L-P-H-A-B-E-T.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on him.
How do you get dragon milk	A cow with short legs
How do you order a bill in Australian restaurant	Cheque, mate! --- Maybe not the funniest buy posting because: My. My own. My precious...
How did the nucleus escape from prison	Through the cell wall. I'm sorry. This was just too wonderful to resist sharing.
How do you kill 20 flies	Slap an african in the face
How many Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes 5 episodes.
How do you pronounce the capital of Kentucky, Loo-e-ville or Loo-is-ville	I pronounce it Frankfort.
How many reddit users did it take to screw on a light bulb	They could not do it, they are all autistic.
How does Ohm conduct an orchestra	Standing on his head!
How do you make a Venetian blind	Stick a finger in his eye.
How is a banana peel on the sidewalk like music	If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
How does a dog play Hendrix on guitar	With a chihuahua pedal.
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Instead, they end up beating the room for being dark.
How'd you come up with the idea	Inventor of pac man: I took a bunch of pills one night and ate a ghost. I thought ""now here's something
How many gay men can you fit on a bar stool	4 if you turn it upside down.
How does a penguin build its house	Igloos it together!
How do you catch a polar bear	Cut a hole in the ice and line the edge with peas. When the polar bear comes to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
How do you order a glass of water in Russia	Ask for a virgin vodka.
How fast can a bear run	As fast as it can bear.
How you control your anger Father to son: whenever i beat you, you dont get annoyed, how you control your anger	son: i start cleaning the toilet seat with your toothbrush
How does Samuel L Jackson create fire with an orange	He uses Pulp Friction
How does the Easter Bunny stay healthy	Eggsercise particularly hareobics!
How many white people does it take to change a light bulb	A brunch.
How do you know you are at r/jokes	The guys all look like they played football for Bronx HighSchool of Science
How do Mexicans cut their Pizza	With Little Caesars.
How does Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking. Edit: JK rolling.
How does Darth Vader know what Luke is getting for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, Change has to come from WITHIN!
How many women fits in a monk monastery	Nun.
How do you silence a group of women	Bring out your camera.
How do you organize a space party	You planet
How are dildos and tofu alike	They're both meat substitutes.
How did Harry Potter get down the mountain	Running!... JK, Rowling.
How do you blindfold an Asian	With Dental Floss
How are relationships like algebra	You look at your X and try to find out Y
How do you keep an amish girl happy	Two men a night.
How did Kikkoman soy sauce move production to China	They outsauced it.
How do you turn a fox into a whale	Marry her.
How do you steal a coat	You jacket.
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a light bulb	More than ten because my basement is still dark.
How does one robber ask another how they're doing	How are you holding up?
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance worth	One Pence
How do you get Lady Gaga to leave you alone	You Poke-r Face.
How did Moses part the Red Sea	He used a Sea-saw.
How did you know that the janitors were dating	They were caught sweeping together.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	AIDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How many mothers-in-law does it take to change a light bulb	One. She just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How Old Is Your Father Teacher: ""How old is your father	Boy: ""As old as me."" Teacher: ""How can that be?"" Boy: ""He became a father only when I was born?
How Can You Identify a Bald Eagle	All his feathers are combed to one side
How do you make the best Americanized Chinese food	Like Tso.
How do you endanger the fly species	Slap an African child.
How do you tell a bad joke from a good joke	You skip the punchline.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Again with the victim blaming, jerk? Don't tell us to change the lightbulb, tell the lightbulb to not need changing.
How does our solar system organize a party	They Planet
How do you get a Jewish Girl's number	You roll up herr sleeve.
How does a redneck find a sheep in his field	Sexy.
How come Rhonda Rousey had a hard time making friends when she was younger	Because she was Holm schooled.
How many trumpet players does it take to change a lightbulb	13, 1 to actually do it and the other 12 talk about how much better they could have done it.
How do you reject a French girl	Just say neaux.
How do all racist jokes start	*looks around everywhere*
How is making cheese like invading Syria	You get some Kurds in the way.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Suck his dick
How do you make a hormone	You don't pay her
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tit a lot
How do you know you're getting old	When you exit a museum, you trigger the alarm.
How do they say ""fuck you"" in Los Angeles	Trust me.
How did Hitler tie his shoes	In knotsies. (The unfollow button is only a click away)
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	It doesn't matter. Feminists can't change anything.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None. Feminists don't change anything.
How do you make Obama's eyes light up	Shine a flashlight in his ear.
How do you make a chicken salad	Make a salad and give it to a chicken.
How do you make Obama's eyes light up	Shine a flashlight in his ears
How do you confuse an idiot	To get to the other side!
How do you get a hippie pregnant	Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
How can you tell if a girl is a lesbian	Look really closely at her tongue.... If it's in another girls vagina, she's a lesbian
How are Polish Girls like Hockey Players	They both change pads after 3 periods
How Do You Kill An Anorexic	Tell Her To Lose Just One More Pound And She'll Be Beautiful.
How does Alabama keep alcohol out of high school	Change the drinking age to 25
How is food purchased an an Irish grocery	You buy it per-tater
How do you call a dog with no legs	You don't call it, you pick it up.
How did Hitler like to have his juice in the morning	100% concentrated.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently not 3, because my basement is still dark.
How do you lower the United State's debt problem	Elect a female president.
How do you circumcise a redneck	It's quite simple, really. You kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you know a stranger could be an engineer	Don't worry they'll tell you.
How do you fit 100 babies into a cup	A blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips.
How does NASA organize a party	They planet. Sorry.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You look for the ""Fresh Prints"".
How does Bono spell color	With or without ""u
How far can a rabbit run into the woods	Halfway. After that she's running out of the woods.
How do zombies celebrate Halloween	They paint the town dead!
How are you supposed to buy a gift for your mom as an adult	It's like, oh you gave birth to me? Please enjoy this fancy candle.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the oven until its bill withers.
Q: How does a pair of pants feel when it is ironed	A: Depressed.
How did the scarecrow win an award	He was outstanding in his field.
How many bodybuilders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to do it, a second to keep yelling, ""You're lookin' BIG, man!
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything
How do mathematicians become engineers	You just gotta apply yourself.
How do you make an archaeologist blush	Show him a used tampon and ask him what period it came from.
How did I escape Iraq	Iran
How can you make a soup rich	Add 14 carrots (carats) to it.
How do you write the sound made by a pot or pan bouncing down the stairs	... ... ... ... ~~~
How many Unidans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Six: one to screw it in and five to cheer him on loudly while standing in front of other people's bulbs so no one can see them.
How do you circumcise a guy from Wyoming	Kick his sister in the chin.
How does a Space Marine from Warhammer 40K get fit	By doing Squats.
How does Harry Potter get down a hill	By running. J.K! Rowling.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One to do it before it gets cool, and one to talk about how much better the old one used to be.
How long do owls live	Six and a half books.
How do you get a bass player off your porch	Pay him for the pizza.
How do you eat soup with chop sticks	Slowly.
How much did the critic tip the waiter	Two cents
How does a crackhead order their whiskey	On the rocks
How many nihilists does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't see the point and just sit in the dark.
How does the moon cut his hair	'Eclipse it.
How do rabbits get to work	By rabbit transit!
How does the enthusiastic man eat his hot dog	With relish.
How do you become a hobbit	Eat, shrink and be Merry!
How do you know when you have bad acne	When the blind try to read your face.
How do people at rodeos heckle the riders	Moooo!
How do you circumcise a priest	Kick a little kid in the jaw.
How do you make a bunch of Redditors mad	[deleted]
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	That's not funny.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	One to invade Poland and one to tell you that jokes aren't funny.
How would you call Hitler if he was a musician	DJ Nocide.
How do you make five pounds of fat look good	Slap a nipple on it.
How much is a $1,000,000 Bill worth	Nothing! You can't use it anywhere!
How do you swat one hundred flies at the same time	Smack an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.
How many feminists	How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question, they can't change anything.
How can you tell a dog is a cool dog	It swags its tail.
How do you kill a 1 legged fox	Make him run across Canada. (sorry)
Q: How do you protect a valuable instrument	A: Hide it in an accordion case.
How do her parents punish Helen Keller	By leaving the plunger in the toilet.
How's school, Hannah	Really tough, dad."" They're calling you Hannah Banana, aren't they? ""No-"" WHY THE HELL NOT
How does Popeye lube up his dick	Sticks it in Olive Oyl.
How do you get a redneck to suck your dick	Put Ranch on it...
How does a Mexican wrestler enter a room	Through the Lucha-door.
How many potatoes does it take to kill 1 million Irish	None.
How long does it take to tune a double bass	Nobody knows.
How many blonde jokes are there	One... The rest are true stories.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one. But only if the light bulb really wants to change.
Q: How do you circumcise a whale	A: You send down five skin divers.
How do you measure pain	In Hertz.
How do you help someone with ADD or ADHD	Send them to a concentration camp!
How's the elevator business	It has it's ups and downs.
How do you make music by releasing fish	You drop the bass.
How long did Cain beat his brother	As long as he was Abel.
Q: How many Poles does it take to change a light bulb	A: Just one but you need 6000 Russian troops in case he goes on strike!
How many Brazilians does it take to change a lightbulb	One Brazillion.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	Rotten eggs
How many Frenchman does it take to defend France	I don't know. They've never tried.
How did Columbus's men sleep on their ships	With their eyes shut !
Q: How did the hermit pay for his home	A: Alone.
How many Hilary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	None- they prefer to be kept in the dark
How does Boomhower describe the Genitals of the Lieutenant from the Reno Police Department	Dang ol' Dangle dangle.
How does a dark-skinned boy have light-skinned hands	...because paint! -my four-year-old daughter.
How many Grateful Dead Fans does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just watch it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
How do you keep a black person from drowning	You don't
How to piss off an archeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him to determine the period.
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb	2: One to screw in the bulb, and one to hold the penis... LADDER, I MEAN LADDER!
How is having sex with a woman and eating at KFC similar	After you're done with the juicy breasts and the tender thighs, all there's left to do is to throw the bone in the greasy box.
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in west virginia	if it was invented anywhere else it would be the teethbrush idk how this got a dirty label
How do you get an emo out of a tree	Untie the rope...
How do you circumcise a red-neck	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	none, that's a hardware problem.
How much Blow Can Charlie Sheen Do	.. ..... Enough to kill 2 and 1/2 Men
How do people with acid reflux complain	errr mer GERD
How does Furious 7 end	Paul Walker dies.
Q: How many Democrats does it take to destroy a light bulb	A: None. They only know how to destroy the taxpayers.
How many people at a Music Festival does it take to screw in a light bulb	Zero, its already lit
How do you obtain Kate Upton's nudes	Easy, go on Twitter right now.
How many tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh	Ten Tickles
How does a Metal Wizard perform his spells	He ChromeCasts. anDruid humor.
How is being a middle manager like being stuck in a tree full of monkeys	Whenever you look down, all you see is grinning faces. Whenever you look up, all you see is assholes.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Just check her arm
How did they improve the transportation in Harlem	Moved the trees closer together.
How do NASA organize a party	They planet
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two but you're going to need a damn big lightbulb.
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He sipped his coffee before it was cool.
How many Tourette's syndrome sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Damn fuck shit screw you dickhead just one asshole twat cocksucker.
How is a woman like a condom	The both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
How do you stop squirrels playing football in the garden	Hide the ball it drives them nuts!
How does a mustache support his family in the event of his untimely death	By investing in a shavings account.
How does the train eats	Chew Cheww
How many jobs did Speaker Boehner create in the past 4 years as a Speaker	One, when he left.
How do you know you're at a gay picnic	All the hotdogs taste like shit. Ba-dum-tsss.
How do you hire a teddy bear	Put him on stilts !
How do you drowned a hipster	Throw them in the mainstream. Edit: spelling because I'm 5
How come Barbie never got pregnant	Because Ken, came.... In another box!
How do girls remember every word of an argument	I don't remember what I had for dinner and I'm eating it now
How many cops does it take to push a black man down a flight of stairs	(Sorry if this has already been posted!) None, he fell.
How many people with ADD does it take to change a light bulb	Lets go ride a bike!
How does a queen bee get around her hive	She's throne !
How do you get a Nun pregnant	Dress her up as an Altar Boy
How do we not know what women want yet	There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
Q: How many helicopters does it take for White House aides to go play a round of golf	A: Depends on how many were photographed.
How do you make a dog go meow	Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw. MEEEOWW!!
How do you get an Indian girl pregnant	Poppadom.
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	Pick it up and suck its dick.
How many emos does it take to screw in a light bulb	No one knows. When the light turns on they scatter.
How did you get your girlfriend to have sex with you while she was on her period	Let's just say I pulled some strings.
How do punctuation marks get freaky	The comma sutra
How do you tell a chemist no	Nitrogen Monoxide
How do you fix a woman's watch	You don't. There is a clock on the oven.
How do you stop a dog from jumping your leg	Pick it up and give it a blowjob.
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb	I don't know, but it's not five, because my basement is still dark.
How do you fit 4 girls on a bar stool	Flip it over
How do you know if someone's from Texas	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How does a sailor suit	With a bowtie!
How do we know Snow White was a hipster	She could never say no to apple.
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll just beat the room for being black
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	you nail food to the ceiling
How do you kill a circus clown	Go for the juggler!
How does a handwriting analyst determine how his lover is feeling	He looks into his lover's 'I's.
How do you organise a bukkake	You don't, everyone just comes.
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb	A substantial amount, you fucking morons.
How do you cover 18 holes with one hole	Have your mom sit down on a golf course.
How did Reese die while eating cereal	Witherspoon
How many cops shootings does it take to have an indictment	Error [value unknown]
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just two. It only requires that either the people are very small or the light bulb is very large.
How are women and cigarettes similar	The taste changes as you get closer to the butt.
How was the Roman Empire cut in two	With a pair of Caesars.
How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone in his helmet	He uses a hans free device
How many eskimos does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. Obviously.
How do gay man cry	They don't, that would be counterintuitive.
How do you make stupid people click links	...
[job interview] How did you lose your last job	I quit because I wanted a career with a bright future."" Sir, this is McDonald's.
How do trees get on the internet	They log in.
how can you tell you whenyou're in a ring of fire	When you reach for the Preparation H but accidentally grabbed a BenGay.
How many cynics does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Doesn't matter. Lightbulb is going to die anyway.
How do you say constipated in german	Farhfrumpoopin'.
How does a black man laugh	They snigger.
How do you call it when a blond girl dyes her hair brunette	Artificial Intelligence.
How do you get a jew out of his car	Tell him it runs on gas
How much does a dragon weigh	Wonton
How much liquid can Monica Lewinskys mouth hold	One U.S. Liter
How do you know when a movie is going to be shitty	There are more than 1 SNL cast members in it
How bad is it to poop your pants	It Depends
How to you read a book	Just reddit.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He ate pizza before it was cool.
How do you make a double bass sound in tune	Chop it up an turn it into a xylophone
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	-Walking. -JK, Rowling
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
How to win an argument with a deaf girl	Turn off the lights.
How do you tell if a black woman is pregnant	All the cotton has been picked from her tampon.
How many of you believe in psychokinesis	Raise my hand. - Taken from local Chinese joint fortune cookie.
How are cancer and pregnancy similar	They can both be fixed with intense radiation therapy.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate	Sine language!
How did they come up with Canada's name	Well first they picked a C, eh. Then an N, eh. Then a D, eh.
How do you make the hippie run out of money	You hide daddies credit card under a bar of soap.
How do you start an earthquake in East Africa	Shake Djibouti.
How do you know when you're REALLY drunk	ANS - When you are lying face down in your front lawn and you have to hold onto the grass to keep from falling off.
How was the sound quality of Shrek's musical keyboard	Nothing special, it was just MIDI-Ogre
How did Al Gore invent the Internet	With Al-Gore-rithims
How do you make a plumber cry	Staple a frog to his forehead
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, that's a hardware problem.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	0
How many social scientists does it take to change a light bulb	None. Social scientists do not change light bulbs; they search for the root cause as to why the last one went out.
How did the tiger escape from the zoo without being spotted	Tigers have stripes.
How to be a douche bag game-show host. Host: Another word for ""overtake""	Contestant: Pass. Host: Wrong. The correct answer would be ""pass"".
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag	Take the 'F' out of safe and the 'F' out of way.
How do chinese people laugh over the internet	Lmao Zedong
How many feminazis does it take to change a light bulb	None Enough light comes in through the glass ceiling
How long did Dorothy, the Scarecrow, and the Cowardly Lion have to wait for the Tin Man	Ten minutes.
How can you tell if a Mexican is feeling sad	They're wearing a SOMBERERO
How do you make Holy water	You boil the Hell out of it.
How do you tell if someone online is American	They keep their caps locked and guns loaded. (Not the best and not original)
How Many Cops Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb	None, they will just beat the room for being black.
How come the NSA whistleblower can't leave Russia	Because he is snowed in.
[In honor of Leonard Nimoy] How many ears does Spock have	Three. A left ear, a right ear, and a final frontier.
How do you know if a joke has been posted on reddit before	Oh, they'll tell you.
How many men does it take to open a beer	None, it should be open when she brings it to you.
How is a vagina like a grapefruit	The best ones squirt when you eat them!
How do you circumcise a Hill-Billy	You kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you know ancient Egyptians were black	Because they never dig up daddies.
How much credibility is there in that whole ""you can punch yourself handsome"" theory	Asking for a friend.
How much did the pirate pay to have his ears pierced	a buck an ear
How do you comeback 'I know you are but what am I	A hypocrite
how to you put a big buffalo in a freezer	??? ZZZZzzzzz dont think it cannot happen just say NO
How do subscribers of r/jokes like their ribs	Tickled.
How many lead guitarists does it take to change a light bulb	100; 1 to do it, and 99 to say ""I could do that.
How does every black guy joke start	By looking over your shoulder!
How does a muslim man close a door	Islams it!
How do you circumsize a redneck	kick his sister in the jaw
How do you get even with Hellen Keller	(Comment your favorite Hellen Keller jokes) How do you get even with Hellen Keller? Leave the plunger in the toilet
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb	One, but he/she has to want to change.
How much does a Chinese dumpling weigh	It weighs *Won-ton*
How do you know if someone doesn't like Football and isn't going to watch the Super Bowl	They'll tell you
Q: How many divorced men does it take to screw  in a light bulb	A: None the sockets go with the house.
How to not get scolded by your parents if you want GTA V	Mom! I want to play GTA V! Giant Turtles ATTACK V!
How many gay guys can you fit on a stool	4 if you flip it upside down.
How did the baker put his opponent in checkmate	with an en croissant
How Many Feminist does it take to Screw SRSer	None, Even Feminist have standarts
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black. P.S.: Sorry if repost
How do you turn a fox into a cow	You marry her.
How do you get Americans to care about the Sudanese genocide	Dress them up as dead lions
How would you describe killing an eagle	ill-eagle
How many Ukrainians does it take to screw in a light bulb	They don't need to, they glow in the dark...
How does a pregnant black woman fight crime	Abortion
How was copper wire created	Two Jews found the same penny.
How many physiotherapists does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just give the dead bulb some exercises to do and hope it will be working a bit better the next time they see it.
How many dothraki does it take to open a door	Idk, but they sure are hot.
how many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just shoot the room for being black
How do we call a skinhead with an Afro	The only black KKK member.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Who are we kidding, feminists can't change anything.
How did Helen Keller lose her virginity	Somebody left the plunger in the toilet.
How do you make a Gorilla laugh	Tell it an elephant joke!
How many dentists does it take to change a  light bulb	Three. One to administer the anaesthetic one to extract the light bulb and one to offer the socket some vile pink mouthwash.
How do you call a camel with 3 humps	With empathy, compassion, and honesty. Cancer is hard news, even for a camel.
How many Steam employees does it take to change a light bulb	Honestly Im not sure, they havent got back to me yet. It's been 3 weeks.
How do you fit five elephants into a car	Two in the front two in the back and the other in the glove  compartment !
How do you get a 12 yr old to cry twice	(x-post from comments) Wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear. And I'm off to hell.
How loud can you talk	-Alcohol
How many chauvinistic male pigs does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, let the bitch cook in the dark.
How do you make a cheeseburger sad	Make it with blue cheese!
How many alzheimers patients does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Some really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke would get for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How does a black mother tell her children apart	She remembers them by their last names.
How do you fit more pigs on your farm	Build a sty-scraper!
How do mexicans cut their pizza	With Little Cesars
How do you hear a hormone	Pay $100 for 30 minutes
How do you get down from an elephant	You don't, you get down from a duck
How many LA cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	Nobody knows. LA cops just beat the shit out of the room for being black in the first place.
How do you circumcise a hillbillly	Kick his sister in the chin.
How do you make an Ethiopian grow	Just add water.
How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a light bulb	You weren't there, man!
how many jews can you fit in a car	2 in the back, 2 in the front, ad six million in the ashtray.
How do you know when a politician is lying	Their mouth is moving.
How do you make a hot dog stand	Take away its chair.
How do you start a baby shower	Throw it into a wood chipper.
How do you kill a hipster	Drown him in the main stream.  A hipster actually told me this one.
How many Karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	[repost] I don't care. I'm just doing this for the upvotes, but I think the other guy said ten... or 500... something like that.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	NINE!
How many Suh Dude's does it take to change a lightbulb	None it's already lit fam suh
How do you feel if you cross a sheepdog with a melon	Melon-collie !
How do you make any woman wet	Liquor
How do mob boss mules open doors	With Don-keys.
How are making love in a boat and Coors Lite similar	They're both fucking close to water,
How do you make holy water	You burn the hell out of it.
How does a train eat	It goes chew chew.
How does a Jew make coffee	He brews it.
How do you call a blond who has colored her hair to brown	Artificial intelligence!
How many jews can you fit in a car	2 in the front, 3 in the back, 6 million in the ashtray...
How did the Nazis come up with the name for their concentration camp	After the first Jew off the train said ""Awe shits.
How is a bell obedient	It sounds off only when it is told (tolled).
How are procrastination and masturbation alike	At first it's all fun, but in the end you realize you're just screwing yourself.
How Many Lightbulbs Does it Take to Change Captain Jean Luc Picard	4 or 5.
How do you keep an idiot with RES busy	loading...
How can you avoid clickbait	Not like this.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	HEY FUCK YOU.
How does one know if balls are ticklish	Test-Tickle.
How many muscles does a chicken have in its neck	Just enough to hold it's pecker up...
How does the china man say ""wrong""	he says ""wong
How do you kill a circus	You stab it in the juggler.
Q: How many U.S marines does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: 50. One to screw in the light bulb and the remaining 49 to guard him .
How long is a battleship. True or false	Wong! How long is a China man.
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they'll just beat the room for being black
How do you confuse an idiot	Give him two spades and ask him to take his pick.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool	Please Get Out The Pool
How do you know when you're too drunk to drive	When you swerve to miss a tree and realize it was your air freshener
How much money does the Government pay people with autistic disorder	Enough to buy a computer that can play League of Legends.
How do you blow up a Muslim's phone	Put it into airplane mode
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit	Nine months.
How many members of Linkin Park does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, cuz in the end it doesn't even matter!!!
How did Stevie Wonder meet his wife	On a blind date
How British is Adele	She would call you at least 1000 times to tell how sorry she is .
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good	Put a nipple on it.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but you need a fairly big lightbulb.
How many irish men does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, One to hold the light and, one to drink until the room starts spinning!
how big is Jared fogel's sex drive	bout 5.6TB
How do Communists achieve a revolution every single year	They planet!
How do you kill 100 flies in A second	(Dark humor) You slap an Ethiopian in the face.
How do Mexicans line up	Juan by Juan
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	Ten-tickles
How fast can Klingon's run	About Warf speed. My mom made this joke up last night at a bbq party. She likes to think she is funnier on holidays. Thanks, Mom.
How do you know you're not logged into reddit	There are /r/atheism posts on the frontpage
How do you circumcise a whale	Send down four skin-divers.
How much does the economist-turned-prostitute charge for a blowjob	$200, possibly more if you account for inflation.
How many sides does a pentagon have	Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
How was copper wire invented	Two Scotsmen fighting over a penny
How many triage nurses does it take to change a light bulb	One but the bulb will have to spend four hours in the waiting room.
How do you stop the Polish army on horseback	Unplug the merry-go-round.
How to lose weight - Doctor, I'm fat, how do I lose weight	- Just move your head from left to right and from right to left. - How many times , doctor ? - Every time someone offers you food.
How does Voldemort seal his mail	With his Parceltongue. (...I'll see myself out)
How do you get to the front page of Reddit	Take a racist joke and throw Donald Trumps name in the title.
How do you tell which plumber went home for lunch	He's the one with the clean finger.
How do you make pickle bread	With dill dough
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce ""unionized
How is a rabbit similar to a plum	they are both purple, except for the rabbit.
Q: How do you fix a broken chimp	A: With a monkeywrench.
How long does it take for an African mom to shit	9 months...
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Juan
How many dubstep fans does it take to wash a car	One hundred and one. Two to wash it, one to dry it, and ninety eight to talk about how dirty it was.
How Did Norse Marsupials Write Their Sagas	In Kangarunes.
How many Creationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	God.
[ouija board] How are you feeling	*board begins spelling* O-O-E-Y--G-O-O-E-Y What the!? A cheesy board!? G-O-U-D-A--G-U-E-S-S
How do you request another Mormon wife	Brigham Young
How is your mom just like a laundromat	For a dollar in quarters she will take my load.
How do you fit 25 Jews in a car	2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 20 in the ashtray
How many Happy Meals do you need to eat before they start to work	I've just had six and I feel terrible.
How do you get pickled bread	With dill-dough. Credit goes to a J. Cain
How is Donald Trump like a pumpkin	They're both orange on the outside, hollow on the inside, and should have been thrown out in early November.
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb	Only one, but... It takes the entire ER department to get it back out.
How do you measure a Villanova graduate's I.Q.	With a tire gauge.
How can the National Anthem be racist if	. The first words are, "" Jose can you see?
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	Two - One to arrest the light bulb for begging for change and other to beat the room because it's black.
How's the new Chinese restaurant downtown	Eh... It's tso-tso.
How many Emos does it take to change a light bulb	None. They prefer to cry in the dark.
How many male chauvinists does it take to change a light bulb	Zero. Let that bitch cook in the dark
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment	Ten-ants
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	One will see you later and one will see you in a while.
How well do people with mesothelioma breathe	Asbestos they can.
How do you stay warm in a cold room	You go to the corner cause it's always 90 degrees.
How long does it take for mods to remove a post	[removed]
How do you make a female chemist feel self conscious	Ask if her hair is an extensive property
How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They can't change anything.
How Am I Doing	I'll Tell You How I'm Doing Volumes: 1-8
Q: How so you call a member of the finacial staff of the faculty of Biology	A: A Buy-ologist.
How come anteaters never get sick	Because they're full of antibodies!
How much time does a black woman takes to take out the trash	9 months
How do you titillate an ocelot	gay porn
How many Vietnam Vets does it take to change a light bulb	What, you don't know? Well I guess you weren't FUCKING THERE, MAN!
How are 4chan and Tumblr alike	They usually announce a trigger warning before mentioning a school shooting
How did the autistic boy survive his jump from a plane	He was retarded
How do you make soup gold	You put in fourteen carrots.
How does a psychic cokehead tell the future	With a magic 8-ball
How did the 3 legged frog get across the 4 lane freeway	Take the F out of Free, and the F out of way and you'll have your answer.
How many debutants can you fit in ballroom at the Waldorf Astoria	[OC] Like, a cotillion of 'em.
How did Bob loose his job at the sperm bank	He was always drinking on the job
How do camels have sex in the desert	They dry hump.
How does a Welshman find a sheep in a field of tall grass	Pleasing.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like a choir boy
How do you know when your vegetables are boiled	Their wheelchair floats to the top.
How can you tell a dog from an elephant	The elephant remembers.
How is giving oral sex similar to smoking a cigarette	The flavor gets stronger the closer you get to the butt.
How long is a pedicure	2 feet.
How do you know when sex with a blonde is over	The car light comes on
How are skunks able to avoid  danger	By using their instinks and common scents!
How did Micro-soft get it's name	Because Bill Gates has a 3.5 inch floppy
How do you kill 200 flies at once	You slap an Ethiopian in the face.
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to change a lightbulb	They don't change it. They just watch it burn out, then follow it around for another 15 years.
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for his Birthday	He felt his presents.
How many people with Alzheimer's does it take to screw in a light bulb	To get to the other side!
How many Psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the light bulb and another to hold the penis...I mean ladder.
How many people from the future does it take to change a light bulb	The lightbulb works fine...
How do you tune a fish	With its scales!
How many Trump protestors does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter. Trump protestors won't change anything.
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it
Q: How do you get a blond out of a tree	A: Wave
How many Mexican clowns can you fit in a car	No, seriously. Cuz I bet it's a lot
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Just one and they'll use a non-disposable diaper too!
How many lost cats walk by the telephone pole with their missing flier on it	Just another reason to teach your cat to read.
How do you get four old ladies to yell ""FUCK	Get one to yell ""BINGO!
How did the inventor of the car advertise his new ""horse-less carriage""	He said it goes without a hitch!
How did the domestic goods feel when they were being shipped overseas	Tarrif-ied.
How did Kim Kardashian break the net	She sat on it.
How do you get a hippy chick pregnant	Cum on her birkenstocks and let the flies do the rest
How can you tell if your water is about to break	Someone from Flint puts a glass between your legs
How does a feminist screw in a light bulb	She doesn't, she just holds it in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How do you call two guys on a motocycle	Fucking morons; they could have stolen two motocycles!
How does a woman show she's planning for the future	Plastic Surgery.
How many blonde jokes exist	One. This one. The rest are all true.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend	A: He's the one with the belt buckle that matches the impression in her forehead.
How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house	The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to get out of the driveway.
How Many Feminists Does it Take to Change a Light bulb	Trick question. Feminists can't change a thing.
How can you tell if someone is vegan	They'll tell you
How can you tell if a redneck is on her period	You can see the blood on the tip of her dad's penis.
How many Sand People does it take to screw in a lightbulb	No one knows. They ride single file to hide their numbers.
How does a woman scare a gynecologist	By becoming a ventriloquist!
How come reddit posters have no babies	Because OP never delivers.
How do you stay warm outside in the winter	You just stand in a corner, they are usually around 90 degrees.
How many black guys does it take to do the work of one white guy	It depends on how big his plantation is.
How many blondes does it take to fix a lightbulb	A lot, because they're fucking stupid.
How do dogs like their eggs cooked	Pooched.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	One, because they are efficient and humorless.
How is liver like anal sex	If your parents force it on you too much as a child you won't like it as an adult.
How do you make a duck sing	Put it in the oven till it's Bill Withers.
How did the astronaut land on the sun	He went at night.
How good are Tesco's meatballs	They're the dog's bollocks!
How do you kill a vegan	A steak through their heart.
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	Taste.
How do all racist jokes start	*Scans over left shoulder, scans over right shoulder*
How do you make a Tissue Dance	You put a little Boogie in it.
How many ______ does it take to _____ a ______	And go.
How many Einsteins does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Relatively few
How do you know when you have a high sperm count	Your partner has to chew before swallowing...
How very is a very good dinosaur	Very. (Thought of this idk if it was good)
How can you tell if someone is Italian	They'll tell you.
Q: How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb	A: Six. One to change it five to fight off the lead guitarists who are hogging the light.
How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb	Just the two... but it takes a whole dedicated team at emergency to remove it.
How do you know this is OC	Its not on the front page
How does an Asgardian like his parties	Loki
How does a baby ghost cry	Boo-hoo! Boo-hoo!
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Three. One to screw it in, one to call the media and publicize and one to blame the Democrats on the electric bill.
How do you catch a polar bear	Go to the north pole and dig a hole in the ice. Set some peas around the hole and when the polar bear comes to take a pea, you kick it in the ice-hole.
How do Chinese people name their kids	They throw silverware down a flight of stairs....ting, tong, ping, ding
How did the rooster get a lot of chicks	A lot of good yolks!
How do you fit an elephant in the subway	You take the letter ""S"" out of ""sub"", and the letter ""F"" out of ""way"".
How do you top a train	Tep on the break tupid! :D:D:D
How many libertarians	How many libertarians does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None. The market will take care of it.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One - they are quite efficient and not very funny.
How many girlfriend does a white boy need to shoot a school	None.
How do you top a car	You tep on the brake, tupid!
How do you hold an umbrella for a feminist without offending said feminist	She doesn't need one. The glass ceiling keeps her dry.
How do you piss off a fanboy	Kylo Ren kills Dumbledore.
How do elephants smell	Really bad.
How do you eat a vegetable	First get her out of the chair
How to turn a dishwasher into a snow blower	Give the bitch a shovel
[job interview] How would you improve our business	Dude, I'd bankrupt you in a week. I'm just catchin Pokemon in your office.
How does a fallopian tube take its eggs	(Ovaries Z)
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	One, but only if the light bulb wants to change.
How do you tell if a cat is a creative thinker	They shit outside the box.
How do norwegians catch rabbits in norway	They hide in a bush, and make carrot sounds.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Well it ain't three cause my basement is still dark.
How does the redneck's wife know that her daughter is pregnant	her son's dick tastes like shit.
How many James Pattersons does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only one, but he'll just hire a ghostwriter to do it for him.
How many hipsters dose it take to change a light bulb	A: None they have a guy for that comes on Tuesdays only uses reproductions of antique bulbs
How do you get certified as an interior decorator	You don't pull out
How do you pick up a Muslim girl	Piece by piece
How do the Chinese vote	With their erections.
How is November's election like the Alien vs Predator movie	Whoever wins...we lose.
How does a cheerleader answer the phone	H-E-L-L-O!
How many people live in the lower part of Italy	There are literally Sicilians.
How many koalas does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only one, given that he's koali-fied for the job.
How many black guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one - you fucking bigot.
How many calories does the average ejaculated semen has	Apparently not enough to keep my baby alive
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Tentickles
Q: How many Scorpios does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: That information is strictly secret and shared only with the Enlightened Ones in the Star Chamber of the Ancient Hierarchical Order.
How do you keep a idiot waiting	I'll tell you guys later.
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the department of education	By renaming it 'Trump University'!
How does Donald Trump keep a handle on integral equations	He grabs them by the +c.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
How did the pig get out of the tree	The swine flu (joke my dad made up a couple years back during all this)
How many fingers does the dragonborn have	8 fingers and 2 Thu""ums... Unless the dragonborn only has a Haafingar
How do you piss off a Texan	Cut Alaska in two and make Texas the third largest state!
How do you get beer from root beer	You pour it in a square glass.
How can you tell if someone is a marathon runner	Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How does Mike Tyson get smarter	By taking a math gainer.
How do you make a little boy cry twice	Rub your bloody dick on his teddy bear. (think about it)
How can you tell the sex of an ant	Throw it into a pool. If it sinks, it is a girl ant. If it floats, then it is a ""BUOYANT"".
How can if you have a stupid dog	It chases parked cars !
How do you fit four gays on one stool	Flip it upside-down. (sorry in advance)
How did Camelot get its name	Guinevere liked to hump a lot.
How did German men pick up Jewish women in the 1940s	With a dustpan and broom.
How do you make a hormone	It's easy they usually fake it anyway
How do you confuse a blonde	Put her in a circle and tell her to go to the corner.
How is a picket fence like a mini skirt	They both protect the property but they don't spoil the view.
How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves	She fell out of the tree! I may not be a girl, but I'm blonde and find blonde jokes hilarious. xD
How is Christmas like your job	You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit
How does Dalai Lama send emails	With no attachments.
How do you catch a polar bear	Cut a hole in the ice &amp; dump in a can of peas. When the bear comes to take a pea, ya kick him in the ice-hole.
How did they get John McAfee out of Guatemala	McAfee Removal Tool
How much does the Great Wall of China weigh	Wan-ton Sorry
How do you make a whore shut up	Tell her to put a cock in it
How are women and computers the same	Neither take your 3.5 inch floppy anymore.. unless you pay extra.
How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. But it takes five episodes.
How do five gay men walk	One direction
How did Christopher Columbus 'discover' America	By occident
How do you entertain a pussy	I don't know the answer but if you work up a sweat it's bound to come.
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	Easy, just look for the fresh prints!
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a boogey in it!
How does a girl get a guy to eat shit	She wipes back to front.
How does a feminist ask for Halloween candies	Trigger Treat.
How do you get negative inflation	Deflation.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How do you know If your girlfriend is Canadian	Look at her beaver.
How does a booze thief make you feel better	He lifts your spirits.
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just beat the room for being black
How do Jewish turtles greet each other	Shellom.
How long does it take to sail from Dorne to Mereen	It Varys.
How many HAES advocates does it take to replace a lightbulb	Just because it's round doesn't mean it needs to change, sizest thin scum.
How do you know if a girl is hungry or horny	Give her a cucumber and see what hole she puts it in. How do know if she's hungry &amp; horny? When she sits on the cucumber and then eats the pickle.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like an altarboy
How many servers does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know, it's not my side work.
How do porcupines hug	Carefully!
Q: How do you sell chicken to a deaf man	A: HEY, YOU WANNA BUY SOME CHICKEN??!!!!!!!
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb	One.
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning	Toss him some sort of flotation device
How does a Priest find a little boy in the woods	Very exciting
How did the snow man get to school	He took his icicle
How do you keep your Thanksgiving guests from falling asleep on your couch	Infuse the gravy with cocaine.
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulp	One. We are efficient and don't have any humor.
How many software developers does it take to fix a light bulb	none, its a hardware issue.
How is a Christmas tree like a man who's had a vasectomy	They both have ornamental balls.
How do you think the unthinkable	Hit an itheberg.
How do fireflies start a race	Ready steady glow !
How many times do I have to tell you this Mom	I have thousands of fans who need to know my thoughts. So, no I can't take out the garbage.
How does a crackhead lose weight	Diet Coke.
How do deaf people meet online	Simple, they just ask ""ASL?
How does a bass player turn off the lights before bed	He closes the car door.
How do you tell an Italian has a flat tire	Diego wop wop wop .
How much does a Human shield cost	One life
How you turn a washer into a snow blower	Hand her a shovel
Q: How did a blind man get poke marks on his face	A: Learning to eat with a fork.
How do you make a prepubescent laugh	Heh, pubes.
How do dubstep DJs masturbate	They wub one out
How does every racist joke start	*glances to the left, glances to the right.
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper	No one knows it's never happened.
How do you circumcise a hillibilly	You kick his sister in the jaw!
how does a robot laugh	1010101010101
How are women like condoms	They spend 99% of their time in your wallet, and the other 1% on your dick.
How is a pirate like a trumpet player	They both murder on the high C's.
How do you know Jesus is okay with gays	Because he had two dads
Q: How many alto sax players does it take to change a light bulb	A: Five. One to handle the bulb and 4 to contemplate how David Sanborn would've done it.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but they'd have to be really, *really* small.
How many blondes does it take to change a diaper	Ask Hugh Hefner.
How does a hipster measure out his drugs	Using instagrams.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be silly, glass ceilings don't have lightbulbs!
How do you drive a Unitarian out of town	Burn a question mark on their front lawn.
How many bear arms could Bear Grylls bear to bear if Bear Grylls could bear to bear bear arms	bear
How to piss of a reddit moderator	[Removed]
How are UFO's related to hamburgers	Both are Unidentified Frying Objects!
How do you make an elephant float	Take a cup and add root beer, two scoops of ice cream, and an elephant
How many retards does it take to push a bus	Just one. They're retardedily strong.
How many paedophiles does it take to change a lightbulb	No more than 12.
How do you know if you're making out with a french horn player	They keep trying to put their hand up your butt.
How does a frog greet a rabbit during the holiday season	Hoppy holidays, and have a hoppin New Hare! Happy holidays everyone.
How does a farmer find a sheep in the long grass	Satisfying
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One, they are extremely efficient and they dont have any humor.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for Fresh Prints.
How do you tell an astronaut where they're going	Straight up.
How do you catch the Easter Bunny	Hide in the bushes and make a noise like a carrot!
Q: How many IBM CPUs does it take to perform a logical right shift	A: 32. One to hold the bits and 31 to push the register.
How many women have you slept with wife asked husband, ""How many women have you slept with	he proudly replied, ""Only you, Darling. With all the others I was awake.
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They're all to busy beating the room for being black!
How are Oklahoma 3.2 beers like sex in a canoe	They're both fucking close to water.
Q: How many absurdist/surrealist comedians does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: November.
How many Freudian scientists does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the lightbulb and the other to hold the penis LADDER I MEANT LADDER!!
How did the hipster burn his tongue...	... he drank his coffee *before it was cool.*
How do farmers count their cows	With a Cowculator!!
How do you make a dead dog shake	2 scoops ice cream, 1 scoop dead dog.
How did a Gorilla come to be with Washington  at Valley Forge	He had seen a sign saying 'Uncle Simian Wants You!'
How many metal heads does it take to change a light bulb	None. Darkness foreverrrr!
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in the South	Because if it were invented in the North, it'd be called the teethbrush!
Q: How do you say ""take a shit"" in Japanese	A: Shit-take Q: How do you say ""took a shit"" in Japanese? A: Shit-take-mashita
How is a fish like a bicycle	Neither one knows how to whistle!
How do you make a Snowman smile	Tell him the snowblower is coming.
How many ears does Mr. Spock have	Three; a left ear, a right ear and the final front ear.
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb	Two: One to change it, and the other one to change it back again.
How many muslims does it take to climb a building	daesh many.
How did Matthew McConaughey masturbate after breaking his left arm	All right all right all right.
How cute! Someone wrote ""will you go to prom with me	on my car. But they spelled it ""I'm gonna kill you scumbag!"". Ah, young love.
How do you find where a flea has bitten you	Start from scratch !
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the jaw!
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None- they'd just beat the room for being black.
How long does it take for a white women to take a shit	9 months
How do you blindfold an Asian	With dental floss.
How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any kids	Because everytime his wife gets hot ,he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel. :-P
How many gay guys can sit on a stool	Four, if you flip it upside down.
How long do you need to put the turkey in the oven for	Mine was dead within 30 minutes (credit goes to my Grandma)
How many women does it take to screw a lightbulb	Only one, but with a perticular FETISH
How do you know when the hole you're digging is big enough	When the (w)hole job's done.
How many babies does it take to paint a house	Depends on how hard you throw them.
How do you chip thin ice off a window	You bust a rime.
How are pirates like pimps	They both have gold teeth and say ""yo ho!
How can north korea tell if it made a ship or a submarine	By how fast it sinks.
How do you spell ""apathy""	I don't care.
How do furries have sex	Fur-nication!
How do you know if you have a high sperm count	If she has to chew before she swallows.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer	A: The joystick is wet.
How do you get 100 babies into a phone booth	with a blender. how do you get them out? with a straw.
How was copper wire invented	?? 2 jews fighting over a penny
How did robbers gain entry to steal from Miley Cyrus	They came in like a wrecking ball.
How many republicans does it take to fix a problem	No one knows. It's never happened.
How much is the bare minimum	1 bear.
How do you remember your wedding anniversary	Forget it once.
How many isolationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they prefer to live in the dark.
how is an antivirus similar to porn	You don't have to pay for it.
How did you come up with your reddit username	I made mine when I stopped giving a shit
How did Charlie Sheen get HIV	By injecting tiger blood
How does Carrot Top have sex	Gingerly. *(Source: The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson)*
How did Jennifer Aniston find her fiancee	She looked very Theroux-ly.
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How do you get a one armed polack out of a tree	Wave hello
How high is a stoner sailor	Sea Level.
How do you make holy water	You just take normal water and boil the hell out of it.
How many moderators does it take to change a lightbulb	[deleted]
How do you say ""bra"" in German	Stopsemfromfloppin
How are getting popular in high school and getting a college woman pregnant similar	Step one: penetrate the student body.
How do you get a bass player off of your porch	You pay for your pizza.
How do frogs die	They kermit suidide !
How many dancers does it take to change a lightbulb	5,6,7,8
How can you tell when there's an elephant in your sandwich	When it's too heavy to lift.
How many millennials does it take to screw in a light bulb	100. 1 to do it, and 99 to stand around saying the old one was better.
How do you know when someone is gluten free	Don't worry, they'll tell you. ""Exit stage right....
How many babies does it take to paint a room	Depends how hard you can throw them.
Q: How is a penis like fishing	A: The small ones you throw back the medium ones you eat and the larger ones you mount.
How did the terrorist get into Czechoslovakia	They didn't czech his papers.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	None. German light bulbs are quality products.
How many female country singers does it take to sing a Patsy Cline song	Every fucking one of them.
How do you end a party in a redneck trailer park	Flush the punch bowl
How did the Egyptian go broke	He got caught up in a pyramid scheme.
How did Napoleon eat his chicken	HE PULLED THE BONESAPART! Lol and a rock for yuhhhhh!
How'd you get a fat girl into bed	Piece of cake..
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A buck an ear
How do you make a witch pregnant	Fuck her!
How do you know you are in the gardening section of Home Depot	Everything is priced in pesos.
How does Lady Gaga like her meat	raw raw raw raw raw
How does someone pay for a painting	With Monet
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay her.
How did the mobster burn his lips on a tailpipe	He tried to blow up a police car.
How do you say ""fuck you"" in Hebrew	Trust me
How do you make a baker cry	Kill his family
How do you know if your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How do you get the emo out of the tree	Cut the rope.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just beat the room because it's black.
How do you tell if your roommate is gay	If his dick tastes like shit.
How do whales type e-mails	With their fish fingers.
How did the duck become a junkie	He was addicted to quack.
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb	FORE!
How many conspiracy theorists does it take to screw in a light bulb	We may never know the truth.
How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber	Ask them to say the word **unionized**
How do you know an engineer is an extrovert	He stares at *your* shoes while he talks to you.
How do you discipline a pet rock	You hit rock bottom
How do you the difference between a blond man and a blond woman	The blond woman will have a higher sperm count.
How does Moses make tea	Hebrews it...
How can you tell if a Newfoundlander is gay	He eyes the b'ys.
How do you make someone stare at a screen for 30 seconds	Please wait...
How do you keep black people out of your back yard	Hang one in the front!
How do you catch a tame rabbit	The tame way -- unique up on him.
How many goals did Germany score	gerMANY
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail	Rename the mail folder ""Instruction Manuals.
How do religions reproduce	They have sects.
How do you know ancient Egyptians loved books so much	Because they built their stuff with reads!
How can a woman avoid cleaning, cooking and oral sex for the rest of her life	Grow a penis
How does a Range Rover Evoque look after landing on it's roof	Exactly the same.
How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	Hold on, I'll ask
How do you milk sheep	With iPhone accessories.
How does a Russian bomb explode	Kaboomshki
How cowboys are made ""Dad	Yes, son?"" ""Where do Cowboys come from?"" ""Well, son. When a cow and a boy love each other very, very much...
How does a yoga instructor turn down an invite	Namaste home tonight.
How do you climb a triangle	By scalene it
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb	1 or 2 ? 1... or 2...
How do you make a Welsh person comfortable while playing Scrabble	Remove the vowels in his rack.
[OFFENSIVE] How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the jaw... (Heard this one the other day from a friend, and thought I might share it here. :P)
How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car	He didn't
How do you organise games in Pompeii	Make aedile.
How are a pair of skinny jeans like a cheap motel	No ballroom
How does NASA organize a party	They planet.
How does a woman apologize to a man	I'm sorry, but it's your fault.
How come Donald Trump is on the frontpage of Reddit so much	Its all reposts from Hitler
How many light bulbs does it take to change a man	Just one, if you put it in the right place.
How is working in I.T. like being a wizard	You command vast powers beyond the scope of smaller minds, but to them all you do is wiggle your fingers and stuff just happens.
How does the Easter Bunny stay in shape	He does lots of bare-obics.
Q: How's your visit in North Korea	A: Can't complain ...
How would a pirate describe navigating Reddit on Talk like a Pirate Day	Arduous.
How much for the horse tornado	Sir, that's a carousel. I must have it.
How do you tell the difference between a scientist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce unionized.
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw  in a light bulb	A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How do you change a cat into a dog	Soak it in gasoline, hold a match up to it, and ""woof!
How do you greet a German baker	Gluten Tag
How many Ukrainians does it take to screw a lightbulb	You don't need to, they glow in the dark.
How can you tell if somebody's run a marathon	Wait 15 seconds, they'll tell you.
How many Buddhists does it take to screw a light bulb	None. They believe that the enlightenment comes from within.
how many indians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Sikhs
How much sperm do gay guys have	A buttload
How do you keep a baby from crawling in circles	nail the other hand to the floor.
How high are you	No officer, it's hi, how are you.
How is a Jew like a new pair of eyeglasses	They're both tight in the temples.
How many dank memes does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter, just use the jet fuel instead.
How much does a slave cost	I have no idea, I just know they aren't free
How many homeless people does it take to screw in a light bulb	Zero. Homeless people don't screw in light bulbs; they screw in cardboard boxes.
How do you get a person with podophobia to leave	Just say ""shoe"".
How do you get a fat girl into bed	Piece of cake.
How did So-Cal celebrate the double anniversary of the LA Riots and Cinco de Mayo	Rodney King Pinatas
How do you tell if someone is being a karma whore	EDIT: Wow I didn't expect this to become so popular!
How many babies does it take to make light	99, 98 get in a pile while 1 grabs a match and lighter fluid.
How is masturbation and brain damage similar	A few strokes and there's no going back.
Q: How do you kill a circus	A: Go for the juggler.
How does Sherlock Holmes go to the bathroom	OC By process of elimination.
How Does Snoop Dogg Do His Laundry	He uses a lot of BLEAYOTCH!
How did the metal get the wrong idea	He was misled.
Q: How many Taureans does it take to change a lightbulb	A: One but just *try* to convince them that the burnt out bulb is useless and should be thrown away.
How do you separate Greek men from Greek boys	With a crowbar.
How did Metallica get their band name	They Bonded over lunch.
How much space is needed for fungi to grow	As mushroom as possible.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	Find out next time, on Dragon Ball Z!
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question, feminists can't change anything.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question, feminists can't change anything!
How do you make a door cry	You twist its knob. edit: grammar
How many Lutherans does it take to change a lightbulb	Change? Why do we need change? (It's cool, I go to a Lutheran church)
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side.
How many protesters does it take to change a light bulb	Trick question. Protesters never change anything.
How many Buzzfeed writers does it take to change a lightbulb	13\. Number 9 will shock you!
How many black men does it take to feed a family	Just one, if you eat the whole thing.
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one, but it takes three episodes.
How do you make a dead baby float	2 scoops of ice cream 1 scoop of dead baby
How hungry do you have to be to eat feces	...just hungry enough to get McDonald's.
How does the Asian chef get to work	He woks.
Q: How is Saddam like Fred Flintstone	A: Both may look out their windows and see Rubble.
How do you spot a modern spider	He doesn't have a web he had a website !
How does Stephen Hawking have sex	Enter, backspace, enter, backspace, enter, backspace...
How does a hamburger introduce his girlfriend	Meat patty! Thought of you guys!
How do you know when the Moon is going broke	When it's down to it's last quarter.
How much energy does hova's DeLorean require	1.21 jigga watts
How do you make a 4D printer	Just take a 3D printer and give it some time.
Q: How can you tell if a violin is out of tune	A: The bow is moving.
How do you stop a Mexican tank	Shoot the guy who's pushing it.
How can you spot the blind man at the nude beach	It ain't hard
How is the Quran like weed	Burning that shit will get you stoned.
How many Vietnam vets does it take the screw in a light bulb	THAT'S RIGHT!!! YOU DON'T KNOW; BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!
How do you pronounce the ""Pao"" in ""Power'	[deleted]
How many tickles does a Japanese school girl want	Tentickles.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on it! How do you catch a tame rabbit? The tame way. All thanks go to my father, I'll show myself out.
How does a mathematician cure constipation	How does a mathematician cure her constipation? She works it out with a pencil.
How many Australians have been killed by Ebola	Just one, Phillip Hughes
How do you catch a fish with peas	Drop some peas along the shore, and when a fish comes up to take a pea, you grab him.
How do you set a woman's watch	You don't, there's already a clock on the stove.
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb	1000 One to change it and 999 to walk into the same room and change the same light bulb without checking to see if it needed changing first.
how many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	probably just one, but we may never know because they're all way too busy coming up with lightbulb jokes.
How do you tell if you're at a gay barbecue	The hot dogs taste like crap
How do you tell the difference between an electrician and an electrical engineer	Ask them to pronounce the word, ""unionized"".
How do you know someone is a vegan	Oh don't worry, they'll fucking tell you
How do you turn a duck into a R&amp;B Soul artist	Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers.
How did Captain Hook die	Jock itch.
How can you tell a gamer from a rugby player	Ask them if they play league.
How to make your dreams come true	Have a Stage 4 Cancer
How do police know that princess Diana had dandruff	They found her head and shoulders under the steering wheel.
How do you surprise Helen Keller	Leave a plunger in the toilet.
How do you know when your sister is on her period	(NSFW) Your dad's dick tastes like blood.
How is a chicken like a grape	They're both purple except for the chicken.
How do you know if hippies have been in your house	They are still there.
How many black people do you need to start a riot	Negative 1.
How do you compliment a pickle rapper's verse	That was dill!
How did King Wenceslas like his pizza	Deep pan, crisp and even.
How do you make a baby cry twice	You rub your bloody dick on their teddy bear.
How come men don't watch women's ice hockey	No man can handle that many periods.
How many white people can you fit in a can	Crackers don't come in cans, they come in boxes!
Q: How do know a clarinet player is playing loud	A: You can almost hear them.
How do you stop your dog digging holes in your garden	By hiding the shovel in the shed/garage
How do you stop a North Korean tank	Shoot the soldier pushing it.
How much cum can a gay guy make	A buttload!
How many of you believe in telekinesis	Raise MY hand!
How do you make holes in a fire	With a fire drill.
How can I draw attention to the fact this skirt is too long	AHEM!
How many bitter Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb	None, we've decided to let a man do the job.
How can you tell if a mechanic went home for lunch	One of his fingers is clean
How are old jokes on reddit like a herpes outbreak	You know they are going to keep coming back, and despite the fact they are weaker each time, you still don't look forward to them.
How to keep an idiot waiting	I'll tell you tomorrow. Edit: Grammar.
How do fireflies start a race	Ready steady glow!
How is Harrison Ford like the Reddit admins	Both should have said no to the latest update.
How do you confuse a gay person	Seven.
How are E.T. and a Mexican immigrant the same	They both steal your bike.
How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber	Ask them to pronounce 'Unionized'.
How many dislexic mods does it take to screw a lightbulb	[Remodve]
How do you know your sister is on her period	..... Your father's dick tastes like blood...
Q: How did the dinosaur feel after he ate a  pillow	A: Down in the mouth!
How is a gynecologist like a pizza delivery boy	They both get close enough to smell it, but if they eat it, they'll be fired.
How can you tell someone hates vegans, cross fitters, and atheists	Don't worry, they'll repost a joke about it.
How do you greet people at a funeral	Mourning, everybody!
How much blow can Charlie sheen do	Enough to kill two and a half men.
How come about the ""About the Author"" never includes anything negative	He was born in Indiana where he's widely regarded as a scumbag.
How do you define a will	Hint: It's a dead giveaway.
How does the man in the moon cut his hair	Eclipse it.
How did the farmer find his lost cow	He tractor down
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	None they all screw in sleeping bags.
How do Jews do a pregnancy test	The woman spreads her legs and the man throws a penny between them - if a hand darts out to snatch it up then it's a positive
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	You poke her face. I'll see myself out.
How are a roof and quantum physics the same	They both go over your head.
How are ninjas and soft core porn alike	You never see them coming.
How do you make a buff guy talk to you for hours	ask about his routine.
How do Jewish pedophiles lure in victims	Would you like to buy a candy?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	0, they'll just protest and hope someone else changes it to one they like.
How bad is it when a nations power crisis can only be solved by a couple of hydroelectric plants	Two dam bad! (OC!)
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower	....give her a shovel
How can you always break even at the casino	Play the change machines.
How many perverts does it take to change a lightbulb	69
How do you pay for things in the Czech Republic	Cash or Czech Edit: a word
How do you catch a unique cat	Unique up on it
How much hummus did the anorexic girl order	A tahini bit.
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light-bulb	Go fuck yourself!
How do you gently wake up a sleeping baby	Don't preheat the oven when you bake it.
How do you make a tame duck wild	Annoy it.
How did the hillbilly find the sheep in the tall grass	Satisfying
How did the steak chef at the courthouse like his paycheck	In legal tender
How many babies does it take to paint a wall red	Depends on how hard you throw them
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Doesn't matter how many of them come, they can't change a thing.
How do you piss off a female archeologist	Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.
How do we know Andy Taylor never had grandchildren	Because Opie is faggot
How are women and tornadoes alike	They are both loud as fuck when they come, they take the house when they leave.
Q: How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot	A: Perky.
How fast can a woman fuck	68km/h, because at 69 she flips over and blows a rod.
How does NASA organise a party	They Planet.
How many dead Hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Not 8, since my basement is still dark.
How many fingers does the Dragonborn have	(x-post from r/gaming) Four fingers and a thu'um.
How do you tell the difference from a guy's chromosome and a girl's chromosome	You pull down their gene's and have a look! Credit: I heard this from an older gentlemen today at a senior home.
How do you make a Giraffe go to war	You Giraffed it
How did the butcher introduce his wife	MEET PATTY
How do old people go to the bathroom	Depends.
How can you tell if someone is an entrepreneur	Don't worry, they'll tell you
How can you tell your room mates gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he ate the pizza before it was cool.
Q: How do you know a blonde likes you	A: She screws you two nights in a row.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb	LET'S GO RIDE OUR BIKES!!
How can you tell when a German is joking	Don't worry, he will inform you after delivery of the punchline has taken place. Just a joke!
How do you kill a hipster	You drown him in the *Mainstream*
How do dinosaurs like their chicken	RAWWWWWWWW!!!!
How often does the vampire go down on his wife	Periodically
How many white people does it take to change a light bulb	One, they just need to call a repairman.
How fast can you convince an Italian guy to perform cunnilingus	Licka-de-split.
How do you blind an Asian	Put a windshield in front of them.
How do you get a goldfish's attention	A U! Fish!
How do you find white shirts on the Internet	Use a starch engine.
How are martinis like breasts	They are better shaken, not stirred. I usually have one in my hand. One is too few and three are two many.
How do comedians send messages	By tee-hee mail.
How to pick up chicks at the gym Pasted from Facebook: A man asks a trainer in the gym: ""I want to impress that beautiful girl, which machine can I use	Trainer replies: ""Use the ATM
How does a Snowman get to work	By icicle.
How do you stop an Albanian tank	You shoot the guy pushing it.
How do you get four gay guys on a bar stool	Flip it over
How long do chickens work	Around the cluck !
How does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls	Test tickles
How much did the pirate spend on his earings	A buck an ear.
How does a farmer send messages	By e-i-e-i-o-mail.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Staple a piece of toast to the ceiling.
How do astronauts say they're sorry	They apollo-gize.
How do you burn a lot of calories at once	Douse a fat person with gasoline and light a match
How many straight men in california does it take to change a lightbulb	both of them
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb	LET'S GO RIDE BIKES!
How many cops does it take to throw a man down the stairs	None. He fell.
How do you find hundreds of jokes about finding Will Smith in the snow	Type ""fresh prints"" in the ""search reddit"" box at the right.
How did the bucket's mom know he was sick	He was a little pail.
How man redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	Ten. One to change it and nine to downvote for no reason.
How many gays does it take to change a light bulb	The light bulb shouldn't need to change in order for society to accept it.
How many archaeologists does it take to change a  light bulb	Three. One to change it while the other two argue about how old the old one is.
How much does a hipster weigh	An Instagram.
Q: How many Screenwriters does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: The bulbs IN and it's staying IN!
How much does a hipster weigh	An Instagram!
How does a leopard change its spots	When it gets tired of one spot it just moves to another !
How many homosexuals does it take to screw in a lightbulb	THREE. One to bend over, one to screw in the bulb, and one to drive the gay pride float!
How did the hipster narco escape from prison	By going underground
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hella.
How does Chris Martin play monopoly	With a paira, paira, pairadice
How does a crazy person get out of the woods	They take the psychopath.
How do you make a Gorilla stew	You keep it waiting for three hours!
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate a tit a lot.
How does a witch make scrambled eggs	She holds the pan and gets two friends to make the stove shake with  fright ! 'Owl be seeing you later.'
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	Well apparently not eight cause my basement is still dark.
How do you catch a unique horse	Unique up on it.
How do police informants begin their jokes	Nark Nark
How do they promote safe sex in Wales	They put signs next to the sheep that kick
How does a potato keep up with it's friends	With Google chromosome+
How does a Jew make tea	Hebrews it. -- How does a Jew make beer? --Hebrews Hops
How do you get a fire started	You burn some fagots Look up the definition before commenting/down voting...
How do you make a hormone	Slap her in the bum.
How do you know that you're too old	When the priest doesn't look at you anymore.
How can you tell if a tornado is stupid	-If it spins anti-cyclonically
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	You break his spine. (no hate Intended It's just funny)
How do you say hello to a femnist	You don't. To do so would violate her wish to not be part of the society she lives in.
How many drums does it take to make a good ska band	Nobody knows.
How do you know your S&amp;M partner works in IT	They insist your safe word has an upper case letter, a lower case letter, and at least one number.
How does a crazy person travel through the woods	They take the psychopath.
How much for the Ice Cream Scoop	Ma'am, that's a Shovel.
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his dick.
How does a German tie his shoes	In little Nazis
How do you know its noon on an Apple Watch	The screen stays black when you check the time.
How does Peter Pan fly	If you got hit in the Peter with a pan, you'd fly too.
How do you stop a dog humping your leg	Suck it's dick.
How can you tell if someone's a vegan	Don't worry--THEY'LL FUCKING TELL YOU.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an itheberg
How many women does it take to change a lightbulb	2
How do you know when a woman is pregnant	She switches from Ragu to Prego.
How many Tourette's suffers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Ass fucking cunt bitch just one cocksucker whore
How do you get a faggot to fuck a bitch	You shit in her cunt.
how do you call those guys who hang around with musicians all the time	Drummers.
How many fat people does it take to change a light bulb	3. One to unscrew the light bulb and screw a new one on another one to operate the crane and a third one to say when the chicken is ready.
How dare you complain about your life	Someone's mom is Snooki.
How can you tell you have a really bad case of acne	It's when the blind try to read your face.
How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall	B 52.
How do we know Jesus wasn't a virgin	Because he got nailed three times.
How much money do terrible movies make	Ridley Scott. Thank you.
How many new states will America get when Trump is elected	One. Denial.
How do you starve a Socialist	You hide their food stamps under their work boots. Edit; Thank you /u/DoctorBrohoof for my first gold!
How many Amish guys does it take it satisfy an Amish whore	Two men-a-night!
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the bulb and the other to hold the penis, father, ladder I mean.
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods	Pretty good. (   )
How do married men remember their birthdays	1 year since their last blowjob.
How can you tell if your goose is depressed	It's feeling down.
How did Jim start losing weight after the holidays	He just quit eating cold turkey.
How many OU (University of Oklahoma) coaches does it take to change a light bulb	None. They aren't about to change a bulb when flipping a switch has worked for 15 years.
How can you tell that you had sex with a Mexican woman the night before	You wake up with a jalapeno seed on your dick.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly	Kick his sister in the jaw
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	One! But the light bulb has to WANT to change.
How does Kim Kardashian like her eggs	Over-Yeezy. ^forgive ^me
How do you measure a snake	In inches. Snakes don't have any feet.
How can you tell if the code is broken	(SW Engineering joke) If India worked on it
How many blondes does it take to... How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb	5... 1 to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the chair
How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house	He's still there.
How can a room full of couples be empty	There wasn't a single person in there.
How can you tell if a witch is on a diet	Her food is potion-controlled.
How 'done' do you want your burger	I can do ""well-done"" all the way to ""CPR might actually work.
How come no one liked the Chinese food enthusiast	He was a mega lo meiniac.
How does Harry Potter get down a hill	Walking. Jk. Rowling.
How do Jazz musicians drink their liquor	Straight, No Chaser.
How does a tornado tell the time	It checks the tornado watch.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a lightbulb	YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN! YOU WEREN'T THERE!
How many men does it take to put the toilet seat down	Nobody knows it hasn't happened yet.
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, but it takes an entire emergency room to get it out.
How does Steven Hawking refresh after a long work day	F5 (sorry Imgoingtohellforthis)
How do people want Trump right now	[removed]
How do you reuse a condom	Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How does a Muslim find a goat in tall grass	Sexier when his child bride is holding it.
How can you tell when your wife is dead	The sex is the same but the dishes start to pile up.
How do you get a sweet little old lady to say F***	Get another one to yell BINGO
How do you disappoint a redditor	&lt;removed&gt;
How does a farmer count his cows	? with a Cowculator!!
How could a leper afford a nice house	It cost an arm and a leg
How are dumb blondes like peanut butter	They spread for the bread
How do I take my coffee	Uh..Orally. Why? How do you take it? Freak.
How'd the monkey fall out of the tree. He was dead. How'd the next second monkey fall out of the tree	He was stapled to the first monkey! How'd the Third monkey fall out of the tree. Peer Pressure.
How does an ugly guy get the girl	All he needs is game
How do you discuss cheese with a Welshman	Very Caerphilly.
How many Im not saying she's a slut But jokes are there	Im not saying she a slut but: She's been boarded more times than Amtrak
How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in San Francisco	Both of them.
How come Barbie never got pregnant	Because Ken always came in another box.
How does a redneck mother know her daughter is on her period	Her son's dick tastes funny.
How do you get a Jewish prostitute high	You stone 'er.
How many midgets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I'd be surprised if you could fit two in there
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	One; changing a light bulb is a fairly simple task which usually doesn't require assistance.
How do you get fifty old women to say f**k	Shout ""Bingo!
How many Ferguson police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None... they just shoot the room for being black.
[Game of Thrones] How do Littlefinger's prostitutes get in &amp; out of the brothel	Hodor.
How does every Romanian recipe start	1. Steal a chicken. From an old family friend.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony	It's not hard.
How do you capture a polar bear	Cut a big fishing hole in the ice. Wait for the polar bear to bend over the hole to fish. Then run up behind the polar bear and **kick it in the icehole!**
How did the scuba-diver pay for his drinks	With Barnacles (bar nickels)
How does a religious extremist convert an atheist into a holy man	They use a machine gun.
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell out of it
How many cops do you need to change a light bulb	None. They just shoot the room for being black. Credit: donator on some stream said the joke and just wanted to share it.
How do you comfort a grammar Nazi	they're, their, there
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee *before* it was cool. :-)
How can you tell a cow isn't listening to you	Everything you say goes in one ear and out the udder!
How can you tell if your horse is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How many atheists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They don't believe in a higher power.
How do you know your wife's dead	The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
How do you make a kleenex dance	You put a little Boogie in it!
How is Billy Cosby like Santa Claus	They both come when you are sleeping
How can you tell my parents are abusive	Beats me
How can you tell when a Jew is pissed	They begin menschstrating
How do you call a car enthusiast who's interested in bikes	Bike-curious
Q: How did the hot dog vendor tackle his job	A: With relish.
How do you get rid of a fat ghost	Exorcise it.
How many metal drummers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	one, but it takes 32 lightbulbs.
How do you make a rabbit fast	Don't feed it.
How do you get 50 Pikachus on a bus	Poke 'em on.
How Would You Describe the A.I. for a Robotic Dog	A bitch to program.
How do you call a hearing-impaired duck	**HEY DUCK!!!!!**
How do you drown a little Asian boy	Pinch his nose before you cum.
How many cops does it take the screw in a lightbulb	The same number it takes to screw public confidence in law enforcement
How did blind slaves escape the South	The Underground Braille-road
How many ""can't""s can a white girl ""can't"" before she literally can't even	my brother asked me this when i woke up and it has been bugging me all day.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	You mean you don't know?!
How do you piss off a feminist	Don't worry, she's already pissed off.
how do you drown a blonde	put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
How does an octopus go to war	Armed.
How do you make a pheromone	Drive her sarcophagus down a gravel road.
How do you say goodbye to an Indonesian	with a big wave
How to climb a flight of stairs	Step one Step two Step three
How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts	With a mop.
How many emos does it take to change a lightbulb	None, Rather than change it they will just sit in a corner and cry like little bitches
Q: How do you know when a liberal is really dead	A: His heart stops bleeding.
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate its tits a lot
How much did the critic tip the waitor	two cents
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame rabbit? The tame way.
How do you stop an Italian from talking	Tie his hands together
How many hipsters does it take to...	...Bazinga! nobody cares! you fell for one of my practical jokes again.
How can you tell which Burger Land baseball pitchers are left-handed	They're the one's wearing the left-handed 'meats'!
how do you know a basketball player has prostate cancer	he dribbles a lot
How do you know if a black person used your TV	It's not there anymore.
How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a light bulb	Light bulb.
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do	Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
How did the dictator make it easier for power companies to do business with neighboring countries	He stepped down.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
How do you tell the difference between an introvert or extrovert software engineer	The extrovert looks at your feet when talking.
How do you call a party with people who have epilepsy	Foam fest
How many doctors does it take to change a light bulb	Fuck that. It's the nurse's job.
How did the farmer find his daughter	He Tractor.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	It only takes one, but it takes a very long time and the light bulb has to really want to change.
How do you make holy water	You take ordinary water and boil the hell out of it.
How many antisocial guys does it take to change a flat tire	Fuck you!
How does Kanye make Kim Kardashian's eyes twinkle	He shines a flashlight in her ear.
How do they perform abortions at Hogwarts	Fetus Deletus
How are Roman Polanski and pimples similar	Both cum on your face when you're 13. How are Roman Polanski and body hair similar? Both cum on your ass when you're 13.
How do Latino singers warm up	Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Ti No
How did Paul McCartney get Linda pregnant	C Moon
How do you make a tiramisu	With a thousand Gigamisous
How many people live in South America	A Brazillion
How do you get out of the stomach of an elephant	Run around until you get pooped out
How many BLM protestors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one to hold the bulb while the world revolves around them.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles
How do you get a blonde to break her nose	Place your dick under a glass table
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the Jaw.
How do you stretch your back	I don't know."" **shrugs*
How do little german children tie their shoes	In little nazis!
How do you know when an Australian prisoner is raping another prisoner	When they're in an inmate mate
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on it.
How do you distinguish a French tank from a British tank	The rear-view mirrors
How do make a car top	'Tep on the brake 'tupid.
How can you get out of a locked room with a piano in it	Play the piano until you find the right key.
How do astronauts make a party	They plan-et.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking! jk... rolling
How do you know when your best friend is gay	[NSFW] His dick tastes like shit.
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb	[FIXED] [removed]
How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced	A buck an ear.
How do you know if your neighbor is gay	His dick tastes like shit
How do you catch a polar bear	Cut a hole in the ice, take peas and put them around the hole. Now when he comes to take a pea, kick him in the icehole.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just shoot the room for being black.
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb	No one knows, the findings never replicate.
How do Muslims do foreplay	They tickle the goat on the chin.
How did Hitler masturbate	Fureriously.
How do you know your fridge is going through menopause	It's all out of eggs..
how many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	none. they just beat it for being black!
How do you titillate an ocelot	.... .... You oscillate its tit a lot
How do the fish get to school	By octobus !
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends on how hard you throw them.
How do vegetarians give blowjobs	They stick to just eating the head cheese
How do you spell Canada	C, eh, N, eh, D, eh
How do you get dragon pee	Drop your catheter bag.
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.
How many mens' rights activists does out take to change a lightbulb	Well, not all of them.
How come the leader of the USSR from the 1920's to 1951 never got anything done	...because he was always Stalin.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
How do you tell a crazy Jew that it's all in his head	It's psychosemitic
How do you know if someone is a vegan	They'll fucking tell you...
How many controlled oposition does it take to change a light bulb	None you know of. Since they signed a Non Disclosure Agreement to not talk about it.
How did Harry Potter get to the bottom of the hill	By running! J.K. Rowling
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate its tits a lot
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	You staple food to the ceiling.
How is it that photons travel so fast	They are light.
How can you tell if a pedophile is happy	He has a peda-smile.
How do you make a duck sing	Put it in the microwave until its Bill Withers
How do bovines do math	They use a cow-culator! Ba-dum-tsss!
How do you know if someone is a vegan	Because everyone around them will be giving them shit for it.
How big of a difference is there between the male and female reproductive system	There's a vas deferens.
How do you disappoint a Redditor	[corrected] NSFW [deleted]
How much is a metric fuck-ton	A shitload.
How does the man on the moon cut his hair	Eclipse it.
How does the man on the moon cut his hair	Eclipse it!
How do we know pineapple makes semen taste better	Word of Mouth
How many bottles of beer does it take to kill someone	One, if you throw it hard enough.
How does a blacksmith know you farted	He smelt it
How many Latvians does it take to screw a lightbulb	Is dark. Bulb is potato.
How can you tell if Hillary Clinton is lying	She's moving her lips.
Q: How do you fix a broken tuba	A: With a ""tuba glue.
how much is a life-time supply of fast food	Not much.
How many Dragon Ball Z episodes does it take to change a lightbulb	***Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z***
How much do all the bones in the human body weigh	A Skele-Ton. Thanks, I'll see my way out.
How did the midget feel when he found out he was retarded	A little Down.
How can you tell if a Volcano is Jewish	It has a build up of shmagma around the rim.
How does a redneck mom know her daughter is on the rag	Her son's dick tastes funny.
How many ""friend-zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll just compliment it and get pissed when it wont screw.
How do you kill a vampire from the South	With a chicken fried stake
How old were you on your last birthday	Eight. And how old will you be on your next birthday? Ten.  Oh I don't think that's possible. Oh yes it is - I'm nine today.
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Four. One to change the bulb, three to stand around so he has someone to hi-five after.
How does a Xenomorph reveal its sexuality to friends and family	At night. Mostly.
How does a deaf Gynecologist communicate with his patients	He reads lips.
How can you tell if you're racist	You only pick out the K's when you take an eye exam.
How is a woman like a condom	Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
How long is a meter in Spain	A Spanard
How do you know that your wife is dead	The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.
Q: How can u drop an egg onto a concrete floor without breaking it	A: Any way you want, concrete floors tend to be very hard to crack.
How do you catch a unique lion	Unique up on him. How do you catch a tame lion? tame way! Zingo!
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick it up and suck its dick
How do you know if a Chinese man has robbed your house	Your homework is done, your computer is upgraded, and two hours later, he's still trying to back out of your driveway.
How much does the average gay man ejaculate	I don't know but I hear it's an assload.
[Guy goes on a date w me] Hm not sure if he likes me [13 more dates] Dunno	[Marries me] It's so confusing [Stays w me 30 yrs] How do u tell
How did the polish terrorist burn his lips	Burned them on a cars tailpipe when he tried blowing it up.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count	When your wife has to chew before she swallows.
How many Broncos does it take to change a tire	One. Unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up.
How do you make cultured milk	You take it to the Moo-seum. I know this joke is terrible, but I totally came up with it on my own, but I'm sure it exists already.
How do you get a post that's not a joke into /r/jokes	Like this.
How can you make a slow horse fast	Don't give him any food.
How can you tell the Indians were here in America first	They had reservations.
How do you spot Will Smith on a snowy Christmas morning	Look for Fresh Prince
How do you fire a Chinese cook	Ask him to take wok.
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree	Wave.
How do you tell the difference between a normal potato from a slutty potato	The slutty one has the sticker that reads Idaho.
How do you say the name Ray in Jamaican	Raymond
How do you know when Mexico is playing in the World Cup	Literally all gardening stops
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb	Seven. One to install the bulb and six to figure out what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years
How do you get a black guy out of a tree	Cut the rope!
How do you describe a hierarchy of police officers with only one word	Police police police police police police police police police police police.
How many apples grow on a tree	All of them.
How did the butcher introduce his wife	Meat Pattie
How does batman store energy	In BATteries
How can you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How did the close race between the rabbit and  the tortoise end	It was won by a hare!
How do you call mosquitoes where you live	We don't. They just come unwanted
How is spam different to a penis	One is junk mail, the other is male junk
How do you tell a real Ferrari from a fake one	You take a pocketknife and scrape off some of the paint on the hood. If it's a real Ferrari... someone will kick your ass.
How did the butcher introduce his wife	He said ""Meet Patty
How do Hawaiian Muslims greet each other	Aloha Akbar!
How do you say Vaseline in German	Vienerslidein
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Frat boys don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in puddles of vomit...
How do you keep a jack ass in suspense	Sorry, someone just knocked on my door. I will have to submit the answer tomorrow.
How do you get a dead turtle to flip itself back over on its feet	... You take the letter F out of way.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only two, but its kinda hard to get em in there.
How can you know a girl is from Japan	Her pussy is blurry.
How do you get 100 Canadians out of a swimming pool	Say ""hey, you Canadians! Get out of that swimming pool!
How do you get a clown off a swing	hit him in the face with an Axe
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, because little boys don't fit in a lightbulb.
How does a blonde count a thousand sheep	She counts the legs, and divides by 4.
How are babies different from feminists	Babies grow up and stop crying
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	pick it up and suck his dick
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Penis. I mean, 1.
Q: How do you catch an orange elephant	A: I don't know. I've never seen an orange elephant.
How can you tell that your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
How do you make a Jewish philosopher have a Eureka moment	Tell him the Final Solution.
How many cops does it take to arrest a broken light bulb	Two. One arrests the room for being black. The other arrests the bulb for being broke.
How do we know that Apes are like fish after a rainstorm	They'll both bite at anything!
How many students does it take to change a light bulb	None. Light bulb changing isn't in the course notes.
Q: How many Executive Producers does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Executive Producers don't screw in a light bulb they screw in a hot tub.
How do you protect yourself from ghosts	Hide in the living room.
How many countries' flags make an appearance at every auto race in the world	Two. Libya's to start the race, and France's to signal there's one lap to go.
Q: How did Bill Cosby find his daughter in the woods	A: Pretty good
How do you piss off a white guy	Tell him he is racist.
How can you tell that a straight pin is confused	Just look at it. It's headed in one direction and pointed in the other.
How many frat brahs does it take to screw in a light bulb	None- it's already lit, fam
How do you make an Asian Blind	you put a windshield in front of them
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None. 1845 never forget.
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb	One, but the light bulb must want to change.
Q: How many London taxi drivers does it take to change a lightbulb	A: What ? Go all the way up there and come back empty ? You must be jokin' mate !
Q: How many Aquarians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: A hundred but they'll all be competing to be the one to change the bulb and bring light to the world.
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia	If it had been invented anywhere else it'd be called a teethbrush.
How does a Muslim get a hot date	He puts it in the microwave. EDIT: Looks like you guys are real dim....
How many men does it take to get an Amish woman pregnant	Two men a nite.
How is toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise alike	They both circle Uranus searching for Klingons.
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish	Mark Sanchez.
Q: How many Union Lighting Technicians does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: It's not a bulb it's a globe.
How can you tell when witches are carrying a time bomb	You can hear their brooms tick!
How do you make a redditor impatient	loading...
How do Russians put windows in	Putin Windows duh.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	Look for the fresh prints.
How many dull people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One.
How does a Jewish man make coffee	Hebrews it
How do skeletons kiss	They don't. Skeletons don't have lips, they just bone.
how many kids with A.D.D does it take to screw in a light bulb	let's go ride bikes.
How does Moses make Coffee	Hebrews it.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Probably one, but I can easily pay two to get the job done together at the same price I'd pay any other repair man.
How do you keep an idiot busy	You tell a joke on Reddit
How many Borg does it take to change a light bulb	All of them.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde works in an  office	A: A bed in the stockroom and huge smiles on all the bosses' faces.
How do Southerners get through customs so quickly	They do declare!
How do you tell a good joke on reddit	Wash it up over and over again until you get gold!
How do you keep a Turkey in suspense	I'll tell you later.
How do you console somebody with bad grammar skills	There, their, they're.
How is Hillary Clinton and a high class prostitute different	Rich people pay the prostitute to fuck them, they pay Hillary Clinton to fuck everyone else.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb has to truly want to change.
How is Islam like a GPS	You may think you're on the right path, but if you follow it literally, you'll end up crashing into a building.
How many white girls does it take to screw in a light bulb	Pshh....white girls don't know how to screw.
How did Freddie Mercury do in school	He got straight ""gays
How is evolution and a Union construction job similar	They take so long that some people don't believe they don't work.
How do you communicate with a fish	Drop him a line.
How do you hide from imminent retribution	Karmaflage!
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Fish
How do inmates pay for things in prison	With ConCurrency, of course.
How does a female deer get revenge on her cheating husband	She goes into town and blows a few bucks!
How do you confuse an idiot	44
[Drug deal] How do I know you're not a cop -If I was a cop would I do this	*Starts breakdancing* Thats not as much proof as you think it is
How do you get 50 old ladies to yell ""fuck""	Have one old lady yell ""bingo
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None. Because they can't change anything.
How many communists does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, we just sit in the dark complaining about capitalism. But come the light-bulb revolution everything will be brighter.
How to be part of a joke	One must simply walk into a bar
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	... you pick him up and suck his dick.
How many roads must a man walk	42.
How do you advertise a French rifle	Never fired, dropped once.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth	He ate pizza before it was cool.
How was marriage instituted	A bunch of prostitutes wanted to start a labor union.
How does Sean Connery shave	Ctrl-Esh.
How does a Muslim close a door	Islams It.
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	When this gets 700 up votes I'll let you know
How many potheads does it take to change a lightbulb	It was too bright in here anyway.
How does a crazy person walk through the forest	He takes the psychopath.
How do you know if you sisters on her period	Your dad's dick tastes like blood.
How many Chinese workers does it take to make a Smartphone	I dunno. Ask the kids.
How do u know if a company that just hired you conducts drug tests	What is the likelihood it will be a hairtest
How did the private eye use math to find the intent of the crime	He solved for y! Thought this one up myself and thought it was post worthy
How does Moses make coffee	Hebrews it :)
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, lawyers only screw us.
How do scientists develop chewing gum flavors	Through ex-spear-i-mints.
How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb	I'm better than you!
How many frat guys does it take to change a light bulb	None. They prefer Natural Light.
How does one even	It simply doesn't, because it's odd.
How can you see if a Hairdresser is not suitable for the job anymore	He/she barely even cuts it anymore.
How do people usually feel after touching an electric fence	Shocked.
How do you spell women backwards	Kitchen
Q: How many Vietnam Vets does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!!! YOU DON'T KNOW!!!
How did the actress from Legally Blonde die	Witherknife
How do you catch a rare rabbit	Unique up on it
How do you tell if someone is vegan or not	Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
how many How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	I'd tell you, but you probably wouldn't understand anyways.
How did Kurt Cobain die	With a Cobang
How do you drown a hipster	Convince them breathing under water is the new fad.
How does a Mexican know when he's hungry	His ass stops burning.
How many conspiratards does it take to screw in a light bulb....	NONE! ITS A SECRET GOVERNMENT PLOT TO KEEP US IN THE DARK!
How do old people check up to see how their friends are doing	They look in the obituary
How many times does a blonde laugh at a joke	Three times - Once when you tell it, once when you explain it, and once when she gets it.
How much is the price of sex in New Zealand	About $20 a kilo.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his dick.
How many friendzoned guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None; they all stand around complementing it then get mad when it wont screw. Heard from my friend
How do we know Julius Caesar wasn't gay	Because you have to be straight to be a good ruler
How did the nucleus escape from prison	Through the cell wall
How do black people tan	Holding their hands up
How do you break a Polish man's finger	Punch him in the nose.
Q: How many Osamas does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: None. They don't have lightbulbs in caves
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say 'Hello'	Konichihuahua
How do you organize a party in space	You Planet
How do you say unicorn in Spanish	Unamaize
How do you stop a Mexican tank	You shoot the people pushing it.
How do you know you are sitting next to a ski instructor	They'll tell you.
How do you make a dumb person curious	I'll tell you tomorrow...
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	An obscure number you've probably never heard of......
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her	By leaving a plunger in the toilet
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	Pretty hot.
How did Reddit not fell down yet	I mean, it is only hanging by threads...
How do dolphins send messages	By sea-mail.
How many dead memes does it take to change a light bulb	Over 9000.
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb	2, but God knows how they got in there.
How do you make an egg roll	Push it.
How do you give a redneck a circumcision	Kick his sister in the jaw
How many nuns would a nunchuck chuck if a nunchuck could chuck nunes	None.
How does a backwards poet write	Inverse
How do you think the unthinkable	with an itheberg.
How do Jews celebrate Christmas	By dancing around the cash register singing ""What a Friend We Have in Jesus
How do you lose a Football championship penalty shootout	You Messi-up
How many guys in the Friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, they just stand around complimenting it then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
How many cockroaches does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know. When I turn on the light they're all gone.
How do you stop an Ethiopian tank with a gun	Shoot the people pushing it.
How did Hitler like his juice	Concentrated
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	Suck his dick.
how many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, but they'll give 'em four credits for it.
Q: How many Pentium designers does it take to  screw in a light bulb	A: 1.99904274017 but that's close enough for non-technical people.
How do you take the letter ""f"" out of the word ""way""	There is no f in way
How did the homeless man get so buff	Because his workouts were in tents. I'll show myself out...
How many Freemasons does it take to screw in a light bulb	It's a secret!
How does the moon cut his hair	Eclipse it.
How do you congratulate the guy who won the best tie contest	You tell him... ""that's definitely a win sir"". Or if he did ok you can say you half win sir i suppose. :/
How do you make holy water	You take ordinary tap water and boil the hell out of it.
How many martial artists does it taek to change a lightbulb	It only taek won do change a lightbulb.
How do you make a racing snail faster	I tried taking his shell off but it only made him more sluggish.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	None, they can't change anything
How do you sabotage a space mission	Send Matt Damon
How does Dracula like to have his food served	In bite-sized pieces.
How do you start a joke about Vladimir Putin	By looking over your shoulder.
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	Put peanut butter on it.
How has Donald Trump managed to bankrupt so many casinos	He hits on anything twelve or higher.
How Germans does it take to change a light bulb	NEIN!
How many stones does it take to kill 3 birds	one.. one stone.
How are Clinton scandals like Pokemon	You'll never catch them all.
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One to hold it in place and forty more to get drunk enough to make the room start spinning.
How do you eat an elephant	One bite at a time.
How do you measure the molar mass of guacamole	With Avocado's Constant.
How many senior medical consultants does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one. He holds up the bulb and waits for the world to revolve around him.
How much does a dead battery cost	It's free of charge
How to stop rape	With consent!
How do introverts feel within society	[removed]
How can you tell Sofia Vergara's children on the playground	They're the ones with stretch marks on their lips.
How many trans women does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but first they have to sit in the dark for a year and then get letters from two electricians giving them permission.
How many Arabs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	1.. 2.. 3.. BOOM
How did Helen Keller learn to masturbate	She was reading her lips.
How do you make a tissue dance	By putting a little boogie in it!
How much does a rock weigh	One stone.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None......he ""fell
How does Hitler like his Juice	From concentrate.
How do people in other countries tell if kids are using drugs	Here in the U.S. we just ask them how many grams are in an ounce.
How many psychiatrists does it... ...take to change a light bulb	0, the light bulb has to want to change itself.
How often do I drink Blue Moon	Once in awhile.
Q: how can you tell it is almost St. Patrick's day	A: Everyone is taking out their Paddy-o furniture.
Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow	A: You look for the fresh prints! I'll show myself out y'all
How do you stop a 200 pound hamster from charging	Take away it's credit cards.
How many super sayen do you need to change a bulb	Only one, but it take 4 episodes and Krilin died at the end.
How many Ferguson police does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just shoot the room for being black.
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	Look for the Fresh Prince.
How did the worlds strongest man get his title	He came in 1st, 2nd and 3rd in a masturbation contest.
How did Einstein prove you can break the law of relativity	He married his cousin.
How do you tell a transgender from a real woman	The quality of the sandwich.
How do you make holy water	You boil the Hell out of it. My 12-year-old daughter claims to have invented this joke this weekend. I don't know if it's original or not.
How do you titilate an ocelot	Oscillate its tit a lot.
How do you make a snooker table laugh	Put your hands in its pockets &amp; tickle its balls.
How do you hit on a Jewish girl	Tell her that she israeli hot!
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They prefer to be left in the dark.
How do you put a baby to sleep	You rock them. What if it doesn't work? Use a bigger rock.
How do we know dolphins are the only other animals that have sex for pleasure	They pull out.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as a choir boy!
How did Viking ships communicate	Norse code.
How was copper wire invented	Two jews picked up the same penny simultaneously
Q: How many conspiracy theorists does it take to change a light bulb	A: We'll never know, Tesla was murdered.
How Many Feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to hold the ladder and ensure the safety of the second feminist who will unscrew the old lightbulb and replace it with a new one.
How do you confuse a complete idiot	32
How does Lady Gaga like her meat cooked	Raw raw raw raw raw!
How do you know Stephen Hawking has jungle fever	He knows a lot about black holes
Q: How do you reuse a condom	A: Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.
How are 6 women like a golf course	NSFW 18 holes
How do you process a queue of table delete requests for an asynchronous database	Pop, Lock &amp; Drop It
How can you find out the gender of an ant	Throw it in the water. If it sinks, it's a girl ant. If it floats, it's buoyant
How do you get a guy to stop having sex with you	Get him off.
How do you trace a scatter plot	You give the pencil to Michael J. Fox.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two.
How can you tell someone is an engineer	They'll tell you! (Source: am an engineer)
How does a skeleton solve a problem	With the bare-bones approach.
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas	Deep pan, crisp and even.
How does a bird with a broken wing manage to land  safely	With it's sparrowchute !
How many Narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. But he doesn't screw it in, he just holds it and the world revolves around him.
How many ears does Spock have	Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front ear.
How much of Canada has a person from Iqaluit seen	Nunavut.
Q: How many Mafia hitmen does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Three. One to screw it in one to watch and one to shoot the witness.
How does Henry VIII like his coffee	Decap.
How many pot heads does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one, we're stoned not stupid.
How spicy would you like your clairvoyants	Medium.
How do IT technicians prefer to be paid	Cache in hand.
How many Bolsheviks does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None - the lightbulb has the capacity for its own revolution
How did the clock get cancer	Second-hand smoke!
How can you tell which rabbits are the oldest  in a group	Look for gray hares.
How do you make a blind man mad	Awwwwwww. Look at them pretty flowers.
How do you make five pounds of fat look sexy	Slap a nipple on it.
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin	The question is irrelevant, because as soon as the first angel steps onto the head, the tip will rub against the ground, making it pointless.
How did Steve get the clues	Blew the dog
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poke her face. A joke from a 3 year old who thought it was hilarious, but probably didn't understand it.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	You give him aids
How do you start a rave in Ethopia	?? You staple food on the ceilings.
how do trains fall in love	it attracks another one.
How can you tell if an envelope is gay	It comes in the mail.
Q: How many Aquarians does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Well you have to remember that everything is energy so...
How many gay guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	Three. One to screw it in, one to pour the wine, and one to say 'marvelous, simply marvelous!'
How does an Argentinean commit suicide	He climbs up on his ego and then jumps off.
How do you find an obese woman's vagina in the dark	Go through the folds of fat until you smell shit, then go back one.
How did Popeye keep his tool clean	NSFW He dipped it in Olive Oyl
How many alternative school kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one, but they get extra credits for it
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	...Yarn
How to offend a lot of redditors at once	You're penis
How did Donald Trump get his tonsils removed	Vladimir Putin wore a spiked condom.
How do you make a baby cry	Drop it. How do you make a baby stop crying? Drop it again.
How can you tell if a black girl is pregnant	You stick a chicken wing up her vagina and it comes out clean.
How did the T-Rex feel after working out	[OC] Dino-sore
How do you call a black woman who had 7 abortions	...a crime fighter
How many PETA member does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesnt matter. PETA cant chqnge anything!
How do you stop a dog smelling	Put a peg on it's nose !
How do you get a kid out from a microwave	Please answer before my wife gets home!
How does a Muslim close the door	Islams it.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	Zero.
How much storage do you need for a mouthful of dirt	A Terra Bite
How many letters are in the alphabet during the Christmas Season	Only 25...because there's Noel.
How do comedians stay in shape	They do set ups.
How does a football player make phone calls	On a touch-down phone.
How do you make a hormone	Or, as this joke was retold to me by my idiotic friend : ""How do you make a prostitute upset?
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan was getting for christmas	He felt his presents.
How do ghosts like their chicken cooked	Terri-fried!
How do they separate the men from the boys in the navy	With a crowbar.
How do they tie things down on the space station	They use astro knots.
how do u do molly safely	wear a condm.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2, But you'll have to find a really big lightbulb to fit them in there.
How do you Organize a Space Party	You Planet!
How do you kill 15 flies at once	Slap an African child in the face.
How many countries border Germany	Nein!
How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hella
How did Oedipus convince his mom to have sex with him	He 'incested'.
How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat	She doesn't fit into your wife's clothes anymore.
How do you ship 100 jews across the country	Put them in a semite-truck.
How is religion like a penis	You can have a penis, and you can be proud of your penis, but don't shove your penis in my face.
How did the musician catch his fish	He castanet
How can you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber	You ask them to pronounce unionize.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick question. Feminists can't change anything.
How are women like rocks	You skip the flat ones.
How can you teach Jamals and Juans	Just toss em banana, they will suck for it
How do you know you're at a redneck wedding	Everybody is sitting on the same side of the church
How do I know that Trump will be our next president	Because Orange is the new Black.
How do you please all the people	Tell them Ellen Pao has stepped down as of today!
How do you drown a hipster	Drag him into the mainstream.
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg	You suck his cock!
How many prostitutes do you have to kill until someone notices	I'm not sure yet.
How can you judge how good the orgasm was	From the amount of time it takes you to press Alt-F4 afterwards.
Q: How many Dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb	A: A penguin
How does Davy Crockett take his pie	A'lamode
How many public school teachers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Whatever it says in the book.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. But I want to know how they got in there.
How do you fix the dishwasher	Smack her.
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation	He works it out with a pencil.
How many guys wearing turbans does it take to change a light bulb	Sikhs.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb..	Just Juan!
How did Adolf tie his shoes	With two knotzies.
How did your blind date go	Bit of a disaster really, our guide Dogs started Fighting
How do you turn a washing machine into a snowblower	Give her a shovel.
How do you know shes the one	Because she Gives you a blowjobs even when she's dead.
How does an elephant go up a tree	It stands on an acorn and waits for it to grow.
How does a Welshman find a sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying.
How many babies does it take to paint a house	It depends on how hard you throw them.
How does good deodorant smell	Odorable.
How can you spot the rank of a Russian	By the stripes on his Adidas jumpsuit.
How do you make a sandwich legendary	Make it on dark rye
How many Marines does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Fuck it, we'll drink in the dark. (Happy birthday Devildogs)
How does Sean Connery find his way to the toilet	With a shat nav.
How do you know statisticians are always serious	They mean what they say.
How many chicken does it take to screw in a light bulb	Still counting. Those darned birds can't seem to cross the road to get over here to screw in the light bulb.
How many 'Suh Dudes' does it take to change a lightbulb	None. Its already lit, fam.
How many Jews can you fit in a car	Two in the front, two in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	He's black, so should be pretty easy to spot against the white background
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it into the microwave until its Bill Withers.
How do you keep a Redditor busy for hours	[This joke is a repost. Find the original post for the punchline.]
How do single people honor valentine's day	By Celibating!
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2, unless they're small enough to fit a third in there.
How can you tell which lesbian in the relationship does the cooking	Neither, they both eat out.
How did the blonde burn her ear	The telephone rang while she was ironing.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber	Ask them to pronounce ""unionized"".
How do you piss off thousands of people on the internet all at once	[deleted]
How was the copper wire invented	Two Jews were fighting over a penny.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but no one knows how they got in there.
How many Borderline P.D. does to take to change a lightbulb	Just one. To threaten suicide if you don't change it for him/her.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One. They're unfunny and very efficient.
how do you get a nun pregnant	dress her up as a choirboy
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	ten-tickcles.
How did the Hulk's mind blow	Somebody threw a bone very far and Hulk yelled ""HULK GET IT! HEY WAIT.
how do you make a conedian and a coke dealer hate you	Steal their lines
How do British people explain a period..	Bloody Hell
How did the farmer find his girlfriend	He tractor!
how do you get a 100 cows into a barn	put up a Bingo sign!
How do you stop a dog from screwing your leg	Give it a blowjob.
How do you make a swiss roll	Push him down a hill.
How does a hacker speak with bread	He uses wheat speak.
How does the Addidas executive work through the night	Three lines
How do cats let us know that they are in pain	Me...........Owwwwww!!
How many seasons are there in a dogs life	Just one the moulting season !
How many unwashed gorillas did Fetty Wap buy	17 dirty apes.
How do you stop an angry elephant from charging	Take away it's credit cards !
How to eliminate world hunger and unemployment at once	Let the hungry eat the unemployed.
How do you get a paper baby	Marry an old bag.
How long did it take for the police to catch the man running in his underwear	It was a brief chase...
How do you sum up a cashew	In a nutshell!
How do you turn your girlfriend into an angry pirate	Cum in a her eye and kick her in the shin.
Q: How do you fit 10 Amish in a VW Beetle	A:Tell them you are going to the livestock auction
Q: How many 1st AD's does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Why are you asking me that question? Can't you see I'm busy!
How can you tell which Russian olympic spectators are actually KGB agents	The ones with food.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Impossible. Feminists can't change anything.
How did the Jewish man take advantage of the wasted girl at the bar	He had her pay his tab!
How much does a flight to Rio cost	A Brazilian dollars.
How do you take a Mexican family portrait	Put them in the back of a truck and run a red light.
How does JokeExplainBot work	Having all that trivial information must be a big distraction...
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning	Shoot before he hits the water.
How do you know it's time to go to bed	Hitler is raping you!
How many feminists does is it take to change a lightbulb	None, they have a glass ceiling instead.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	with Little Ceasars
How do you milk a sheep	Bring out a new iPhone.
How are burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend related	All come from not pulling out on time.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room, because it's black.
How does Moses make tea	Hebrews it.
How did the violinist learn to play violin	He just started fiddling with it.
How do you get your girlfriend to stop smoking	Slow down and use some lube
How many potatoe does it take to kill a Latvian	none (inspired by /u/aces613 )
How long have I been working for this company	Ever since they threatened to fire me.
How is Bill Cosby like an environment at 0 Kelvin	When around both, one eventually stops moving. Forgive me.
How did Moses make his tea in the morning	Hebrewed it.
How do you get a free flight at an airport	Take the stairs.
How is a broken clock better than a politician	The clock is still right twice a day.
How is your diet going	Horrible. I had eggs for breakfast."" ""Scrambled?"" ""Cadbury.
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate it's tit a lot
How do you start a rave in Africa	Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling.
How do you know Jesus was Jewish	He lived at home until he was 30. He went into his fathers business. He thought his mother was a virgin, and his mother thought he was god.
How do you separate the men from the boys in the Navy	With a crowbar.
How does the average Chinese worker find a new job	ChinkedIn.
How many Super Sayajins does it take to change a light bulb	Just one, but it lasts five episodes. And Kuririn dies.
How do you know when a joke becomes a dad joke	When the punchline becomes a parent.
How is Christmas just like another day at the office	You do all the work and a fat guy in a suit gets all the credit.
How do drown a hipster	In the main steam
How many mm^3 of dirt is there in a hole 1m x 1m x 1m	There is no dirt in the hole!
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A Brazilian.... I'll get my coat...
How many Christians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. But only for procreation.
How do you get Dick from Richard	I don't know, ask his wife.
How can you tell between a graphic designer and recruiter	Ask them to pronounce ""hires
How did the guy with a foot fetish ruin his date with an amputee	He got off on the wrong foot
How do you get Dick from Richard	Buy him dinner first.
How does one enter a brothel in Westeros	Through the Hodor
How do you cut a turd into 5 pieces	Squish it in your hand.
How does Ellen DeGeneres fire an arrow	With her Les-bow.
How do you castrate a redneck	Kick his sister's jaw in.
How does a Jew make his coffee	Hebrews it.
How does a penguin keep itself hydrated	His waddle bottle.
How do you say goodbye to German cheese	Velveetazane
How many ants does it take to own an apartment	10 . It requires tenants to own an apartment.
How do you get four old ladies to say the F word	Have the fifth one say.... BINGO!
How does a mathematician solve his constipation problem	He works it out with a pencil!    =
How Long Does It Take A Black Woman To Take A Dump	9 months.
How do you know Mexicans and African Americans are similar	? Once you know Juan you know Jamal
How do you get garbanzo breath	Have a chickpea in your mouth
How much space does the EU have left	1GB
How do you tell a lonely geologist from a social one	The lonely one dated igneous rocks!
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one...but the light bulb has to WANT to change.
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say hello	Konichihuahua.
How do you titillate an ocelot	Oscillate its tit a lot
How does every racist joke begin	With a look over the shoulder.
How was copper wire invented	Someone threw a penny between two jews
How many literalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One.
How many country singers does it take to change a lightbulb	One to put in the new one, and two to sing about how good the old one was.
How many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	5/7
How do French psychologists like their beverages	froid
How do you organize a space party	You planet, i'll leave now
How do fish go into business	The start on a small scale !
How do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How does a black chick know she's pregnant	The cotton from the tampon has been picked.
How does a sociopath say goodbye	Manip-ya-later!
How many pushups can Chuck Norris do	All of them!
How many pick-up artists does it take to change a lightbulb	Zero. They just keep praising and negging it, and then get upset when it doesn't screw.
How do you get four gay guys on a barstool	Turn it upside-down.
How is 2+2=5 like your left foot	It's not right.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	In little Nazis
How did the hipster burn his tongue	he drank his coffee before it was cool
How is an accordion like an artillery shell	Once you hear it, it's already too late.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Fuck her.
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	One to unscrew it, and one to hold the ~~cock~~ ~~father~~ ladder.
How do you tell a Japanese girl you're breaking up with her	You drop it on her twice.
How cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
How do you turn a fox into a cow	Marry it
How do you get your husband to eat shit	Wipe forward!
How do you measure how sad someone is	With a blues scale
How do you know if a girl is ticklish	Give her two test tickles.
How do you stop a ginger from drowning	You throw him a lifesaver and tell him to grab on to it.
How do you make a man from New Zealand fall asleep	Ask him to count how many sexual partners he has had (Because they're sheep fuckers).
How can you tell if Asians are good at sex	Because out of 6 randomly chosen people, 3 will be Asians.
How did Henry VIIIs wife enter the room	Amble in (Anne Boyeyn) I made this joke up and am very proud of it :)
How do you end a prayer to the Noodle God	Ramen.
How many NYPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many millennials does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, it's already lit fam.
How are a grenade and a wife similar	If you pull the ring off it, the house is gone
How do hair stylists get in shape	Curling Iron.
How does every black joke start	*Looks over shoulder *
How many times does 43 go into 9	The priest won't tell you, but *he knows*.
How do you make a bitch love you	You take her to the bone zone
How do you kill a hipster	Drown him in the mainstream.
How do trees encourage one another	They say ""I'm rooting for you
How do you make a squid laugh	Ten tickles.
Hows a forwardly plural Hitler hailed as	Shitler
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two... just don't ask me how they got in there.
How do Helen Keller's parents punish her	They leave the plunger in the toilet.
How many firemen does it take to change a light bulb	Four - three to cut a hole in the roof and one to change the bulb.
How many cashiers does it take to change a light bulb	Are you kidding? They won't even change a five dollar bill.
How do you know Putin's doing well this election	He's taking over the Poles.
How does Germany pay for all these refugees	Krautfunding.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowplow	Get the bitch a shovel.
How do you sink a polish war ship	You put it in water
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams	With spirit levels.
How many animals can you fit in a pair of pantyhose	A couple calves, an ass, ten little piggies, a beaver, a shit load of hares, and a fish that no one can seem to find!
How many square feet are in the average NYC apartment	Zero. Feet are feet shaped.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but the bulb has to be large enough.
How much do pirates pay for piercings	A buccaneer!
How do you get 100 babies into a bowl	A blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips
How long does a dog's bark last	**Ruff**ly a second.
How do Egyptians warn each other about a spreading fire	Pyroglyphs.
How does an octopus go to war	Well-Armed
How did Mario bring back his brother after he got a Game Over	He used a Luigi Board.
How do you circumcise Luke Skywalker	Kick Princess Leia in the jaw.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers
How do you know that there's a monster in your bath	You can't get the shower curtain closed.
How many Mexicans do you need working in the kitchen	Just Juan.
How are feminists and bad hacker groups similar	Both can't take down anything.
How do you disappoint a redditor	[removed]
How can you tell birds are afraid of heights	Because everytime they look down they shit themselves.
How long does it take to reach the ground from 110 stories up	The rest of your life.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he sipped his coffee before it was cool.
How many Tourette's sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Fuck you god damn shit cunt just one of us asshole bitch bastard!
how many chefs does it take to change a,light bulb	one to do it, and five others to tell him how they did it differently in their last kitchen.
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ	All the hot dogs taste like shit.
How many muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Sorry comments are unavailable on this joke.
How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/askscience question	[deleted]
How does Kris Kringle clean his hands	Santatizer
How do you scare a bee	Boo bee. (Boobie - get it? - courtesy of my kids)
how is my dick like a diamond	its the hardest substance on earth, it can't be crushed, and every girl dreams of having it.
How do you piss Voldemort off	play got your nose with him
How do you read the Gospel According to Shrek	Open your bible to Psalm BODY ONCE TOLD ME
How does an apple a day keep the doctor away	When you take careful aim.
How much sex does Sister Mary get	Nunn.
How is a Mexican like a cue ball	The harder you hit 'em, the more English you get out of them.
How do you stop hearing jokes written for 12 year olds	Unsubscribe from r/jokes!
How are your step mother and a 17 in the card game 21 similar	You know you can't but you really want to hit it.
How did the retarded sperm cell beat the normal one to the egg	He had a handicap.
How are a 9-volt battery and a girl's asshole similar	Even though you know you shouldn't you lick it anyway.
How is Debbie Reynolds like my penis	They both had a stroke when they saw Carrie Fishers body.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only two, but you can't get them out.
How will Donald Trump build such a huge wall without congressional approval	By forcing every Juan to work on it.
Q: How many British navy Officers does it  take to change a light bulb	A: Only one but it takes him seven weeks to get there.
How do you defeat an American	Don't do anything, just place a mirror in front of them and see as they squirm.
How can you tell if someone with parkinsons has hypothermia	You can't. That's what makes it so funny.
How do you make pickle bread	You need dill dough.
How many seconds are there in a year	Twelve
How do you stop an Internet troll	Seize their memes of production.
How do you find will smith in a snow storm	? Just look for the fresh prints. BOOOM!
How do you reply when someone on /r/askscience asks you on a date	[deleted]
How do you get a woman to scream twice	You do her in the ass, then wipe it off on the drapes.
How do you make an octopus laugh	Ten""tickles
How does a chef ask to leave the dinner table	He says, ""Gourmet I be excused?
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	To get to the other side!!
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only two. One person holds the bulb and the other blonde twirls the other blonde around.
How can you tell if you are looking at a police glow worm	it has a blue light !
how did the hipster burn his tongue	He sipped his coffee before it was cool
How many dancers does it take to change a light bulb	Five... six... seven... eight!
How good are the showers at Auschwitz	They're to die for.
How did the truck get his girlfriend	Pickup lines
How do you know if there's an athiest on a reddit thread	Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do you know that someone likes to smoke weed	Don't worry they'll tell you.
How did the babysitter lose 500 kids and keep her job	She swallowed
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb	None. They've already screwed everything
How do you catch a rabbit	Hide in a field and make carrot noises
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the bulb and the other to hold the penis... LADDER! I said ladder!
How do you launder money	Put it under the soap.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	Cut the brake lines on his Prius.
How many Hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Hippies screw in dirty sleeping bags!
How do you call an alligator in a vest	An Investigator.
How did the footbal pitch end up as triangle	Somebody took a corner !
How do blind skydivers know when to pull the cord	..The leash goes slack
How do you know your girlfriend is too young	She only puckers up for her pacifier.
How does an Australian shave	Rise up lights
How does Moses make his coffee	He-brews it.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	.. **RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPE!**
How do you get a little old lady to say the f* word	Get another old lady to say ""BINGO!
How many Anime characters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only 1, but it takes them 15 episodes to do it.
How do you embaress an archeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How does Seth Macfarlane wishes you Eid Mubarrak	Keep it in church, guys.
How does Google translate ""ten dead American cops"" into any other language	\_()_/
Q: How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb	A: It takes two. One to change the bulb and the other to kick the switch.
How many /r/news mods does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They like to keep their subscribers in the dark.
How do really posh dogs send messages	By predigree-mail.
How do you stop an F4 tornado from destroying a town	A roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris! However, this method will cause more destruction than the tornado.
How did the dentist become a brain surgeon	His hand slipped.
how many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	it doesnt matter.....they just beat the shit out of the walls for being black.
How do you make holy water	Boil the hell out of it...
How do dentists like their eggs	Poached.
How do you recycle a condom	NSFW Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many Toronto Maple Leaf fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Nobody knows. They always say they'll do it next year.
How many sperm cells do virgins have at any given time	Ohh.. About a handful.
How does a chef relax	He beats his meat
How did the Shepherd find the sheep in the tall grass	... Satisfying.
How do you get Dick out of Richard	You ask nicely
How do you tell the difference between an X and Y chromosome	You pull down its genes.
How many Apple employees does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know, because they charge you $500 for the iLightbulb.
How does Bilbo take his tea	Bag-in
How is Donald Trump related to this post	They're both jokes.
How do Australians have sex	They mate
How many Astros fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Both of them.
How does a black man win Father of the year	NSFW He pays for the abortion.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know but it's more than 5 because my basement is still dark...
How much does a red lightsaber cost	An arm and a leg ^^edit: ^^slightly ^^improved ^^punchline
How many women have you slept with My wife asked me, ""How many women have you slept with	I proudly replied, ""Only you, Darling. With all the others I was awake.
How many women does it take. . . to screw in a lightbulb in a convent	Nun.
How do you confuse a blonde	You don't... They're born that way
How is /r/jokes like the green movement	Reuse and Recycle
How do you fit 500 jews in a smart car	Put them in the ash tray
How does a dishwasher make his money	Panhandling
Q: How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting too fat	A: She fits into your wife's clothes.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, it's a hardware problem!
How do you lose fourteen stone of fat	Dump him.
How did the native find his sister in the woods	Pretty good!
Q: How do you stop a French tank	A: Shoot the guy that's pushing it!
How many men does it take to open a beer	None. It should be open when she brings it to you.
How does James Bond sleep	Around.
How is a speech impediment like a box of chocolates	It doesn't really matter, as long as it has good cocoa content.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist camp	It's not hard.
How do we know Floyd Mayweather isn't a bomb	Because he can't tell the time.
[NSFW] How do you tell if your Billy Idol fan girlfriend has a Three Stooges fetish	In the midnight hour she cried ""Moe! Moe! Moe!
How many Obama-voters does it take to change a lightbulb	None. Obama voters are obviously too lazy to work at anything, so they just HOPE for the lightbulb to CHANGE.
How did the leper hockey game end	There was a face off in the corner.
Q: How does a man keep his youth	A: By giving her money furs and diamonds.
How many cross-dressers live near Manchester	Well, nearly 320,000 people round there have a Wigan address.
How much hate does it take to qualify as a ""hater""	I hate tons of stuff.
How many refs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They only screw playoff games
How does a Jew calculate his escape path	Wind velocity times chimney height.
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a light bulb	I have no idea. I did hire four prostitutes once, but we did other stuff.
How many cops does it tale to change a light bulb	Trick question. They just beat the room for being black.
How bacteria stay in contact while they're in jail	They exchange cell numbers.
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader..	Tell him that Asylum Seekers are the natural predators of Paedophiles.
How do you keep Canadian bacon from curling in the pan	Take away its brooms.
How did Wendy die	The baconator
How's Terry Fox like Jack Layton	They both tried to run a country and died before finishing.
How did God get Mary pregnant	He used the holy immaculate contraception
how does a moel make his money	he collects the tips.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's some weird number. You probably never heard of it.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb	A Brazilian!
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb	A Brazilian.
How do Frenchmen share files	Pierre to Pierre.
How do you confuse a heterosexual person	Eleven
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just 1. It's offensive that you thought this was a joke.
How much does a truck made of light weigh	Photons
How do you know if your wife is dead	The sex is the same, but the dishes start piling up.
How many students does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to hold the light bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
How heavy is a Chinese dumpling	Wonton.
How do know a job's been done by a lesbian carpenter	There are no nails, and no screws, it's all tongue and groove!
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs they screw in dirty vans...
How do you make a drummers car more aerodynamic	You remove the pizza delivery sign! Hahahahaaa..ha
How do you kill a vegetarian vampire	With a steak to the heart.
How is a blowjob like a lobster dinner	You have to leave the house to get a good one.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for the fresh prints
How do you stop your ol' lady from ruining your Saturday night	Kill the bitch on friday.
How can you tell a redneck girl is a virgin	She can run faster than her brother.
How does Snoop Dogg get revenge	Faux pho fo' foe. Served cold of course. I also doubt Snoop has many enemies.
How heavy is a hipster	One thousand instagrams
Q: How does a blonde prepare for safe sex	A: She puts on rubber based lipstick.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	You break his neck.
How do you teach a girl math	Subtract her clothes, divide her legs, give her a square root and watch her multiply.
How can you tell if a dinosaur is visiting your house	His tricycle will be parked outside.
How many bees does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two, but I don't know how they got in there.
How do you change root beer in to a beer	Put it in a square cup
How do astronauts plan a party	They planet. (Plan-et)
How do you reunite the Beatles	With two bullets.
How many pedants does it take to replace a burnt light bulb	Glass doesn't burn.
How do you know you have a high sperm count	She has to chew.
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Three. 1 to screw it in and 2 to talk about how much better Neil Peart could've done it
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do you cure a Polish heroin addict	Give him a plastic spoon
How did the set react when it heard about the Russell Paradox	It couldn't contain itself.
How long does it take a black woman to poo	9 mouths
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation	He gets a pencil and works it out.
How can you tell when a bicycist comes to a complete stop	He puts his foot down.
How did harry potter get down the hill	? Walking .. JK Rownling
How do you kill a hipster	Drown him in the Mainstream.
How does a train driver operate a train while eating gum	He goes chew chew chew... creds to my 5yo brother
How do you make holy water	you burn the hell out of it........
How often do you guys close your internet tabs	One of mine is from the Kerry/Edwards campaign.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Check her arm.
How many sociologists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change.
How many ants can you fit inside an apartment	Ten-ants !
How do you pass the Isis entrance exam	I don't know about you, I bombed it.
How did Kim Jong-Il begin his audio autobiography	Dear Reader
How many honest politicians does it take to change a lightbulb	All three of them.
How do you make a snooker table laugh	Tickle its balls.
How many 'sah dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, it's already lit.
How many pandas does it take to screw in a light bulb	Technically, just two, but it is really hard to get them to breed in captivity.
How do scientists celebrate Pirate Day	They get their Aaargh-On!
Q: How many Hillary Clintons does it take to change a light bulb	A: One--she just holds the bulb and the world revolves around her.
How do men and women fill the fuel tank differently	Men jiggle the nozzle afterwards.
Q: How do Chinese people name their babies	A: They throw them down the stairs to see what noise they make.
How many months have 28 days	All of them
How did Godzilla get the job opportunity	Some say he had a foot in the door... and the window... and the wall.
How does Anthony Weiner like his meat	Pulled
How in the hell do people spell your name wrong on facebook when it's right in front of them	!
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	She can fit into your wife's clothes
How is the porn industry different from every other career	It's the only job where you have to stay late if you come early.
How does a musician make a million dollars	They start with 2 million.
how many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb	Are you kidding? That's a hardware problem!
How does Han Solo like to get around Endor	Ewoks
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a little boogie in it.
How did the unqualified harp player get into the orchestra	She pulled some strings.
How are bears related to cooking	The pan... duh
How do you agitate an achy feminist runner	massage a knee
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	You suck his dick.
how are women like a quantum computer	they are both turned on and off by you at the same time.
How many cans of soda can a soda can can if a soda can can can cans	No one can ever know P.S. are these type of tongue twister jokes allowed here? If not i will happily remove it.
How do you confuse a blonde	You paint yourself green, and throw forks at her
How can you tell if a girl is ticklish	Give her a couple of test tickles...
How many white Police Officers does it take to beat up one black motorist	None. He fell down some stairs.
How did the New Orlean Pelicans get their name	They should've gone with the Hurricanes.
how many corrections officers does it take to throw an inmate down the stairs	none he fell
How do pasta strainers go to the bathroom	Through their little-ass holes
How are Pornstars paid	Income
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	You look for the Fresh Prints.
How do you confuse a blonde	Paint yourself green and throw bananas at her.
How do you kill a blonde	There are three ways; -put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool -a mirror at the bottom of a pool -or put a condom on the top of a flag pole
How do you make an eggroll	You push it.
How do you make 3 pounds of fat attractive	Put a nipple on it.
How do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	Stick
How much for the vacation home	Sir, this is a coffin.
How do you get down from a horse	You don't. You get down from a duck.
How can you tell a mechanic got laid	He has one clean finger
How do you know you've been burgled by asians	You come home to find your math homework was done, your computer was upgraded, and they're still trying to back down the driveway.
How do you call unexpected pregnancy in German	Kinder Surprise
How do you say virgin in German	Goodandtight
How do you get wishes from cheese	You fed-a-genie!
How do you know when a woman is about to say some thing intelligent	She starts her sentance with ""A man once told me
How many baby's does it take to paint a house	Depends on how hard you throw them
How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one, but he'd have to watch Radiohead do it first.
How much does a birdhouse cost	I don't know the exact price but I know they're pretty cheep
How do you make Peppermint Creme	Finger it really well.
How do you know if your friend, ""Doesn't even OWN a TV	Because it's this answer to every question you ask them. ""Did you hear about the President's new policy on...?"" ""I don't even OWN a TV!
How many Super Sayains does it take to change a light bulb	Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z!
How does a blond, get revenge on her blond boyfriend	She paints a target icon around the outlet.
How do you pleasure a capitalist	An invisible handjob.
How do you seize the means of production	By overthrowing the bourgeoisie
How do jews get around town	On penny boards.
How do you tell a boy chromosome from a girl chromosome	Check their jeans.
How did the turtle with no arms and no legs cross the freeway	Here's a hint: take the F out of Free and take the F out of Way
How is called the funeral of an electrical engineer	Grounding
How do Iranians speak on the  telephone	Persian-to-Persian (person-to-person).
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, but he'll get the Mexicans to do it.
How do you confuse a Jew	Tell him pork is on sale!!!
How did Simba make the Pride Lands great again	He put up a wall
How do you host an amnesia support group on a budget	The moment they show up, tell them the meeting went great and their speech was inspiring.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poker face...
How come you never see elephants hiding up trees	Because they are really good at it.
Q: How does a blonde kill a worm	A: She burys it.
How to keep a reader in suspense	[removed]
How can you ask a Mexican if their zodiac sign is leo	Julio
How can you tell if an American has a conceal carry permit	They'll tell you.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an itheberg. Classic.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By broom ... JK, rolling
How do you make beef stew	Tell a cow they're being watched.
How many Alzheimer victims does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side
How Many Russians Does It Take To Invade Crimea	None according to the Russians.
How do you make your girlfriend cry while having sex	Phone her
How did the blind kid burn the side of his face	He answered the iron
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the lightbulb and the other to beat the room for being black.
How does North Korea only have four medals so far	We're the best at everything. We even fed our athletes this time.
How do you make a little girl cry even more	You wipe your bloody dick off on her teddy bear.
How many editors does it take to change a light bulb	Only one but first he has to rewire the entire building.
How can you tell if your roommate's gay	His dick tastes like shit
How do you know you're always about to have fun in the company of an octopus	Because it's always ten-to-cool time...
Q: How does Bill Clinton say ""I'm about to  hurt you""	A: ""Trust me.
How does a queen get around her kingdom	She gets throne.
How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	No one knows. But everyone's got an opinion.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	It's an obscure number you've probably never heard of.
How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh	Ten tickles.
How is a thief like a thermometer on a hot day	They are both up to something.
How does a Mexican cut their pizza	Little Caesars
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	It depends how hard you throw them.
How many points do you get if you hit a golfer	Fore.
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb	Depends on how clumsy you are. *There, I've killed it. Move on /r/jokes, move on.*
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poke-her-face!
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None, they just beat the crap out of the room for being black.
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb	Salmon
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you clean a condom	Turn it inside-out and shake the fuck out of it.
How does a south central chicken cross the road	... In a bucket
How do you stop a ginger from drowning	Take your foot off the back of his head.
How do you stop an elephant going through the eye of a needle	By tying a knot on its tail.
How was the Roman Empire cut in half	With a pair of caesars.
Q: How do you mend a jack-o-lantern	A: With a pumpkin patch.
how many Pittsburgh Steelers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just talk about how good the last six were
How do you say dinner in spanish	JOHN CENA
How do you piss off a transgender	I'm sure the title will be enough to do it.
How do you tell if someone is jewish at a football game	They leave after the coin toss
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	Hot.
How do you titillate an ocelot	You osculate its tit a lot!
How do you send a sandwich to someone on a computer	in bytes
How did I get out of Afghanistan	Iran.
How do you re-use a condom	Turn it inside-out and shake the fuck out of it.
How do you plant dope	Bury a blonde.
How come I didn't get upset when the Indian restaurant got my order wrong	It was a Naan issue
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb	5. 1 to screw in the light bulb, and 4 to remark on how grand the old one was.
How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex	Call her and tell her.
How do you make a dinosaur	Kick it up the arse
How do you confuse an idiot	78.
How many of my ex-girlfriends does it take to change a lightbulb	One. Apparently she will screw anything.
How can you tell if a person is a vegetarian	Don't worry. They'll tell you they're a vegetarian.
How much money does the Treasurer of the United States make	All of it.
How do spacemen pass the time on long trips	They play astronauts and crosses !
How do you get pikachu on to a boat	You  pokemon
How is a fat woman like a scooter	She's fun to ride until your friends find out.
How do you fit three gay men on a bar stool	You flip the stool over.
How do you make gold soup	You use 14 carrots.
How many ballerinas does it take to screw in a lightbulb	...5,6,7,8!
How did the Muslim find the goat in the field	Very Satisfying.
How do you make black people break out into song	Put em' to work!...  On a gospel record.
How many 1980s R &amp; B divas does it take to fix a broken lightbulb	Just one, but they fix the crack by torchlight
How do dating sites in Alabama save money	They link to Ancestry.com
How do you fit an elephant into a subway	Take the ""S"" out of sub. And the ""F"" out of way!
How do you put spaghetti to sleep	You cover it in peanut butter until it dies. My 4 year old made that up, along with a few others. Not sure how I feel about this.
How was copper wire invented	Two jews fighting over a penny.
How do you turn a computer into a zombie	Send it a byte. Kind of lame but I couldn't help myself.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	Depends on how hard you throw them.
How will we truly reach gender equality	By leaving the toilet seat at a 45 degree angle for the next person to decide without bias.
How did Donald Trump won with his poor vocabulary	He's the only candidate that America finally understands..
Q: How many vegetarians does it take to eat a cow	A: One if nobody's looking.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number; you've probably never heard of it.
How do you blow square balloons	Blow square breaths.
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None - they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How do you treat a pain in the ass	Take an asprin.
How do you call a woman with no boobs	You dont.
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They only screw the poor.
How does a Jew do the gardening	He moses lawn.
How do you get an anorexic to gain 25 pounds	Marry her.
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a boogey in it
How do you keep a black kid from jumping on the bed	Velrow
How do you put 4 elephants in a small car	2 in the front seats and 2 in the back seats
How do you know if someone is a vegan or has run a marathon	They'll tell you
How do you ruin a joke	By reposting it every week!
How do the people of northern Iraq manage to get so much done	The Kurds have their ways
How do cows multiply	With cowculators!
How do you get down off of an elephant	You don't, you get down off of a duck.
Q: How many Ayatollahs does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: None-there weren't any light bulbs in the 13th century.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb	You dont know, *coz you weren't there, man!*
How long does it take for a Homeless man's stomach to be full	A couple of seconds.
How many figures does a stripper make	I don't know, but it's not a father figure.
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat	She starts to fit in your wife's clothes
How do You find the worst joke of the internet	You reddit.
How do you congratulate a fighter after winning a match	Good jab.
How do you know when you sister is on her period	Your dads dick taste like blood
How do you know if somebody is a vegan	They'll fucking tell you.
How many librarians does it take to screw in a  light bulb	I don't know but I can look it up for you.
How are Chile mining companies and catholic priests different	Chile mining companies get their minors stuck in shafts while catholic priests get their shafts stuck in minors
How did the lawyer chip his tooth	The ambulance slammed on its brakes.
How many people does it take for Valve to change a light bulb	Two at most.
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag	Take the ""f"" out of the word ""way"". (get it yet...?)
How does a penguin build its house	Igloos it together
How are kids like piano keys	All the black ones are accidentals.
How do you grill sheep	With Samsung Batteries.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his cock.
How did Christopher Columbus find India	He used Apple Maps.
How do you give a hill billy a circumcision	You kick his sister in the jaw.
How do you disappoint a Redditor	[Fixed] [Reposts]
how did the bananas get away from the cops	They split up.
How does a mathematician deal with constipation	The same way he deals with all his other problems. He works it out with a pencil.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many technical writers does it take to change a light bulb	Just one provided there's a programmer around to explain how to do it.
How are Jews and children similar	They both don't like to take showers.
How do you stop a monster digging up your  garden	Take his spade away.
How do you make a holy water	Put it in a pot and boil the hell out of it.
How can a law student make it	lowering the bar. or not to.
how do you know asians have broken into your home	the dog is gone, the homework is done and they're still trying to get out of the driveway
How do you make the 12th man Happy	FIRE BEVELL
How did Pavlov keep his dogs so fluffy	He used conditioner on them.
How'd your trip on the Titanic go	Swimmingly.
How do you find Will Smith after a snowstorm	Just look for the fresh prints.
How many trains have I derailed in all my years as a train driver	It's hard to keep track.
How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb	One to hold it and the rest of the world to spin around them.
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the lightbulb and one to hold the penis [cough], father [ah], ladder
How does one think the unthinkable	With an iethberg.
How do you make a woman drive in a circle	Take away her rights.
How can you tell when your wife has died	The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up in the sink.
How do really crazy people get through the forest	Via the psycho path.
How many divorced men does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Who knows, they never get the house.
Q: How many conservatives does it take to change a light bulb	A: One; after reflecting in the twilight on the merit of the previous bulb.
How do you stop squirrels playing football in  the garden	Hide the ball it drives them nuts !
How did the blind girl accidentally get pregnant	As careful as she tried to be, she could never have seen him coming
How can you tell if someone voted Green Party	Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
How does Bran Stark enter a brothel	With a Hodor
How is a man and a 45 degree angle alike	Neither of them are ever right.
How are gay men like tumbleweed	They blow and blow until they wind up on a fence post in Wyoming.
How many times does it take for a woman on period to change a lightbulb	IT WILL TAKE THE TIME IT FUCKING NEEDS !!!
How does a Nazi high five	Up heil, down low!
How do I know you're not John Cena	I can see you
How do you drown a hipster	... you push him into the mainsteam
How do you get a Harvard Graduate off your porch	You pay him for the pizza.
How can you tell if you're being persecuted by agnostics	You come home to find a question mark burned into your lawn.
How many suh dudes does it take to change a light bulb	None, its already lit fam!
How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart	When she starts her sentence with ""A man once told me"" .
How does a tree access the internet	It logs on.
Q: How many Chinamen does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Thousands because Confucious say many hands make light work.
How do you know when you're watching too much porn	Your MILF tells you so.
How tall are the twin towers	9"" 11
How can you tell if someone's a vegan	Oh don't worry, *they'll tell you*.
How do they play basketball in Mexico	Juan on Juan
How many graduate students does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, but it takes nine years.
How do you sink a norwegian submarine	You knock on the door. How do you sink the same sub again? You knock on the door and they'll come out saying ""Haha! We're not falling for that one again!"".
How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one... But it takes 4 episodes and Krillin dies...
How many states of matter are there	5: solids, liquids, gases, plasma, and black lives
How do you overcome tyrannical pancakes	U syrup 'em
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they just kick the shit out of the room for being black.
Q: How many polaks does it take to kidnap a child	A: 12. One to kidnap the child and the remaining 11 to write a ransom letter.
How many kids does Adrian Peterson have	More than you can shake a stick at
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	With Little Caesars
How many people can ride on a bird	Toucan.
How come Barbie never got pregnant	Ken always comes in a different box.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.
How do clams communicate	A shell phone!
How do you keep a blonde in suspense	I'll tell you tomorrow.
How did the medical community come up with the term ""PMS""	Mad Cow Disease"" was already taken.
How does a nice guy change a light bulb	He doesn't. He just compliments it and then gets pissed when it won't screw.
Q: How does Al Gore spell potato	A: T-A-T-E-R.
How to blind parachutist know they're close to the ground	The feel the leash go slack! (heard this one while listening to some irish tunes)
How many violent revolutions does it take to change a lightbulb	Violent revolutions never change anything.
How many musos does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number. You probably haven't heard of it.
How did the roman cannibal feel about his victim	He was glad he ate her.
Q: How many Leos does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Leos don't change lightbulbs although sometimes their agent will get a Virgo in to do the job for them while they're  out.
How do you get a one armed man off a tree	You wave to him
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. That's a man's job.
How many online courses are offered by the senior learning center	None. They're old school.
How do you get a goth down from a tree	Cut the rope
How many children did Josh Duggar molest	19 kids and counting. Too soon? :/
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was kewl.
How do you circumcise a redneck	You kick his sister in the back of the head.
How do you get down from an Elephant	You don't, you get down from a Goose.
How many South American's does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A Brazilian.
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	Juan.
Q: How do you spot Al Gore in a room full of  secret service agents	A: He's the stiff one.
How do you find King Arthur in the dark	With a knight light....
How did the Newfie get his wife pregnant	...and you call us stupid.
How do Reavers clean their spears	They run them through the Wash. (In honor of the late Shepard Book. RIP)
How deep is the ocean	A shark spooked him while he was surfing.
How is Mitt Romney like a failed sperm	If you looked at them, you could only see a dick; and both ended up just an inch short
How long does it take for a black woman to take out the trash	9 months.
How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only 3: One to screw it in, another to film it, and a last one to say ""sick turns brah!
How can you tell if someone uses Apple products	Just wait and they'll tell you.
How did spider-man reach the inner city kids	He web-slang
How do you tell Michael Jackson's age	You put a color scale next to his face.
How many whores does it take to change a lightbulb	Four. One to change it, two to stick it in their assholes, and a final whore to film it.
How many men does it take to moderate /r/MensRights	None. There are no *men* there.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One. They're efficient, and don't have much of a sense of humour.
How do you find a black person	Guilty.
Q: How did the frog cross the road when a truck was coming	A: SPLAT!!! He didn't.
How do you get a nun pregnant	You dress her up as an altar boy..
How do Italians light their dynamite	With a fuse-illi.
How do you tell a British guy that it's his turn to play ball	Europe
How cute does one have to be to make sparks fly	Electro cute
How are American beer and having sex in a boat similar	They are both fucking close to water
How many ninjas does it take to... Where did that lightbulb come from	!
How amphetamine addiction is called	Need for Speed.
How do you make German potato pancakes	Cook them in the microwave
How can you tell that your dog just gave birth	It is now a parent.
How did the Redditor get stuck in a loop	I don't know, check the post above me.
Howcome you can't see elephants hiding in trees	Because they're very good at it.
How did the doctor determine that the baby was affected by the Zika virus	It was a no brainer.
how do you know when you are in love	When she taps you on the ass and says ""Its in *Love*"" **Taxi**
How did NASCAR get that name	Redneck: 'That's nascar ye got there.
How do you make a blind moan	Kick him in the balls
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb	More than 4, because my basement is still dark.
How many people with OCD does it take to change a light bulb	Seven. It *has* to be seven.
How do you know if air fresheners have gotten too smart	If they have become scent-ient.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
How do you know you're wife is too fat	You're using Google maps to find her g spot...
How to Spot a Blind Nudist How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach	Well it's not hard, really...
How does the redneck help his wife with the dishes	He gets her Dawn.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	They don't. They arrest the bulb for being broke and beat the room for being black.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	Put a plunger in the toilet
How do you get Amy Schumer, Rosie O'donnell and Lena Dunham to move to Canada	Piece of cake.
How can you tell an auto mechanic just had sex	One of his fingers is clean
How can you tell if a chocolate bar is kosher	It's got a Jewey caramel center.
How do you know a gypsy woman is pregnant	You put a piece of wire in her and if you feel pulling she is indeed pregnant.
Q: How does a bear stop a DVD	A: It just presses the ""paws"" button.
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall	They'll get over it.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking... JK Rowling
How do you make a cat sounds like a dog	Douse it in gasoline and set it on fire. *WOOF*!
How does Hitler tie his shoes	(say outloud) With little knotsies.
How many Republicans does it take to screwin a light bub	Zero. They're so fucking dumb that none of them can screw a light bulb to begin with.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	Ten-tickles
How do you kill a vegan vampire	Steak to the heart.
How do you get 20 Canadians out of a pool	Okay folks, time to get out of the pool!
How can you shorten a bed	Don't sleep long in it.
How do you make a latte	Add $5 to a cup of coffee.
How do you drown a hipster	IN THE MAINSTREAM! Hahahaahhaahhaahha
How do you kill a fox	You cut off its leg and make it run across canada
How can a woman make you a millionaire	When you marry her as a billionaire.
how would you describe US with first four alphabets	ABCD (A B Cd.....) as in obesity.... Will show myself to hell now.
How did the chicken cross the freeway	You take the 'F' out of free and the 'F' out of way. Hint: say everything out loud.
How is my sex life like a Ferrari	Imported and extremely expensive.
How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS	- Analisis
How do you get an elephant across a busy freeway	take the 'f' out of free and the 'f' out of way...
How do you address a Black Farmer	Through his owner.
How do '90s kids count to 6	Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, cinco, seis.
How many male chauvinist pigs does it take to change a light bulb	None. ""Change that bulb, bitch. Then make me a sandwich and bring me a cold beer.
How many Mexicans does it take to fix a light bulb	Twenty-Juan
How did 1337 Jesus escape his tomb	(X-Post from ProgrammerHumor) He used an encrypted key.
How does Hitler like his steak	Nice and Jew-cy.
How much cocaine can a smuggler sneak into prison	a buttload.
How does a guy prove he's tough	He jogs home after his vasectomy. . Fairly old, vasectomies may not be so bad any longer.
How did ISIS do on their French exam	They bombed it...
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but how they got in there I will never know.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	Apparently not five because my basements still dark...
How do you make a hormone	Kick her in the cunt.
How do you defend yourself against a gang of horny masochistics	You probably have to beat them off with a stick!
How many redditors does it take to make a good joke	Three. One to post it, the second to post a better punchline in the comments, and the third to complain that it's a repost.
How can you tell if someone is a pilot	They'll just tell you.
How do you find Will Smith in a blizzard	You just track the fresh prints. Sorry if its a repost I just heard it.
How Are a Texas Tornado And a Tennessee Divorce The Same	Somebody's Gonna Lose A Trailer
How do you make a Swiss Roll	Push him down a hill. BONUS: How do you make French Wine? Invade.
Q: How does a stereotypical blonde spell Farm	A: E-I-E-I-O.
How much energy does it take to create a rap star	1.21 Jigga whats.
How would the Mexican Star-Spangled Banner begin	Jose can you see
How come north Carolina is the bluest state	Raleigh scattering
How is it that rice originated from China to become a staple food for a large part of the world's human population	I mean, come on! They couldn't even pronounce it.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only one. We are very efficient and not very funny...
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	One, but only if the lightbulb really *wants* to change.
how many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb	juan.
How often do I tell chemistry jokes	Periodically
How do truckers contact each other in Wisconsin	They use a Milwaukee-Talkie
How do you know that someone you met is a Harvard graduate	He already told you so.
How do you describe a Swede, who's not really a Swede	Swed-ish.
How many potatoes does it take to kill and Irish man	None
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	One or two thrown hard enough to the head should do the trick. Maybe one if it's really hot.
How much fishing tackle can a man accumulate  before his wife throws him out	I don't know the answer but I think I'm nearly there.
How many talking heads does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to hold the bulb, and another to spin the story until the bulb fits.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	Apparently not three. It's still dark in my basement.
How many pushups can Ryan Gosling do	All of them.
How many ears does spock have	(if you don't get it read it aloud) a left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2, but they have to be very tiny
How do you tittilate an ocelot	Oscillate its tit a lot.
How do you call sons of australians and germans	Men at Work
How do you starve a black guy	The same way you starve anyone else , you racist.
How many germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Nein
How many McDonalds workers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, because they can't climb the ladder.
How is Valve like Uranium-238	By the time they get to the third Half Life 13.5 Billion years will have passed.
How does Big Boss store his photos	On a Solid Snake Drive 120 gb sorry :\
How does a dog catcher gets paid	by the pound.
Q: How can you reduce the possibility of having an accident	A: Be too drunk to find your keys.
How do you castrate a redneck	You kick his sister in the jaw.
How does a jew make coffee	Hebrews it..
How do you keep a blonde busy for years	Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.
How many Protestants does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They live in eternal darkness.
How do they make bras for octopi	With suction cups.
How can you tell this joke was submitted by a woman	No, wait.
How many parents does it take to raise a homicidal maniac	Two, then one, then none
How did the prof get the latin college girl pregnant	He asked her to do an essay. [Also, I'm latin]
How do blind doctors deliver babies	With a can't c-section.
How did Harry Potter Get Down the Hill	Walking. JK. Rolling.
How do you get rid of an itch	Start from scratch.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from..
How do you make a dog drink	You put it in a blender.
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the bulb, and the other to hold the penis. LADDER! I MEANT LADDER!
How do you take the letter ""F"" out of the word ""WAY""	There is no F in way.
How do you steal a coat	You jacket
How do you starve a right wing christian	Hide their money in their bible.
Q: How does a man on a moon get his haircut	A: Eclipse it.
How do sharks like their steak	Whale-done :)
How can you open a banana	- With a monkey! How can you open a banana? - With a monkey!
How many pollocks does it take to paint a house	1 to hold the brush and 1000 to turn the house!
How strict is the ""I licked it, it's mine"" policy	There's some things I've licked that I don't want.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walking... Jk, rowling.
How do you cure a nymphomaniac	Marry her.
How Many Friend Zoned Men Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb	None, they just all stand around complaining that it won't screw!
How do you celebrate an Ethiopian child's first birthday	By laying flowers on their grave.
How do we know that Dumbledore was a horcrux	Because killing him after the second film wasn't good enough.
How is a penis and a paycheck the same	Neither one is big enough to satisfy your wife
How best to save the iPhone from FBI	Crack it before they hack it.
How does a Chinese family name their children	They throw 3-9 pots and pans down a flight of stairs.
How does an accountant relieve his constipation	He works it out with a pencil
How do Dolphins live their lives	With a porpoise.
How can you tell if someone loves bacon	Don't worry, they'll tell you that stupid vegan joke.
How do you make a hormone	Refuse to pay her
How do you spot a dwarf in a drugstore	He's the smallest one
How many Canadians does it take to change a light bulb	Just two. One to politely ask and the other to politely help.
How to make a gay man fuck a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How do you tell a deaf person to shut up	Here, hold this.
How do you make a hormone	You pay her. (This was told at my pharmacy school. We laughed and then felt shame afterwards.)
How much Squidwards does it take to fix a lightbulb	zero, because none of them knows how to
How did the German dad scold his son for eating too much frozen dessert	QUIT Haagen-Dazs ICE CREAMS!
How do you fit 15 Jews into a car	2 in the front,3 in the back,and the rest in the ash tray.
How should a doctor treat a patient with Mesothelioma	Asbestos he can.
How do you stop a baby from crawling round in circles	Nail its other hand to the floor.
Q: How many grips does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: Two: One to hold it one to hammer it in.
How do you make a cat go woof	You pour some gasoline and toss a match and WOOF!
How do you get a grad student off your porch	You pay them for the pizza.
How do tiny Mexicans cut their pizza	Little Ceasars
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black	Ever try and take a rib from a black.
How can you tell a sumo wrestler from a feminist	A sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
How do hipsters talk about shoes	[...](http://imgur.com/yzelyVT)
How do you come out of a closet like a true redditor	You get confused.
How do you find a dead body	Download Pokemon GO.
How do you make a dog meow	Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw... MEEEOOOW!
How do you contact a cross dresser	Shemail
How does raw chicken taste	Fowl
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, you fucking racist!
How did the Italian chef break up with his girlfriend	Pasta la vista, baby.
How do you make a dog meow	Put him in a wood chipper and listen to him go ""meeeooowwww
How many feminists does it take screw in a lightbulb	One she holds it in the socket and waited for the world to revolve around her.
How do you keep a programmer in the shower  all day	Give him a bottle of shampoo which says ""lather rinse repeat.
How does a pedophile have a threesome without getting caught	By having sex with a pregnant woman.
How many Apes does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only one... but it takes a shitload of light bulbs.
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood	The Blacks get car insurance.
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. They are very efficient and don't have much of a sense of humor.
How do you get gum out of your hair	Q: How do you get gum out of your hair? A: Cancer.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	It depends on how hard you throw them.
How many men does it take to open a beer	None... It should be opened when she brings it to you.
Q: How do you know when there's a elephant under your bed	A: Your nose is pressed against the ceiling.
How many Apple users does it take to change a lightbulb	None. When the bulb goes, they just replace the house.
How do you catch an Elephant	Dig a hole, fill it with ashes, and line the outside with peas. So when the Elephant comes to take a pea, you can kick him in the ash hole.
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They just beat the walls because they are black
How do college students exercise	By swimming in their debt.
How many extroverts does it take to change a lightbulb	Let's throw a party while we're at it.
How do you tie two half ducks together	with ducktape!!
How do I stay in shape	I stole an ostrich, it chases me around the house all day, i hate it
How do you organise a space party	You planet!
How do you organise a space party	You planet.
How can you spot a vegan in a crowded lunch hall	Don't worry, they'll tell you and every other person there!
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes a long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change.
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	You follow his FRESH PRINTS!
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	THATS NOT FUNNY!
How did the founding fathers of Canada name there country	They drew letters from a hat. ""A 'C' eh! An 'N' eh! A 'D' eh!"" they cried
How did the stem cell break it to his girl	It's not you; it's me*iosis* Could probably do with some work on deliver as I made it 5 minutes ago
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof	Depends how thin you slice them. Worst dead baby jokes, let's hear them! NSFW because dead baby jokes probably aren't safe for work...
How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	One to drop it and six to pick it up pick it up pick it up
How did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate his dinner before it was cool.
How do you know when you're at a gay picnic	The hot dogs taste like shit.
How did the king die	He had a bad heir day
How many Scots didn't turn up to vote	One in Fife
How does the Moon cut the Sun's hair	He eclipse it.
How do you screw up a joke	You punchup the fuckline
How many Nickelback fans does it take to screw in a light bulb	.... Trick question! There's no such thing as Nickelback fans. (I will be hated by few)
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, Californians screw in hot tubs!
How do you make a hormone	Slap her in the face and refuse to pay her.
How do you find a blonde on reddit	Look for the comments that just say ""huh?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	None, the light bulb will change when it's ready
How did the Roman feel when he cannibalized his nagging wife	Glad-he-ater
How did AL Gore program his computer	With the proper al-gor-ithms
How do you count cows	With a cowculator.
How many Mexicans does it take to run a computer	Dos
How do you get money out of a piggy bank	Feed it laxatives.
How do you confuse Helen Keller	You tell her to read a basketball.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nude beach	It isn't hard
How do you stop your laptop batteries from  running out	Hide their trainers.
How many idiots does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Trick question. Idiots can't screw in lightbulbs regardless of help from other idiots.
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: None: A Cancerian would worry herself to death with the problem.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday	Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
How good are you at powerpoint	I Excel at it!
How does a person with less than 50 dollars become a millionaire	Knawledge!
How do the Greeks seperate the men from the boys	A crowbar.
How many egocentrics does it take to change a light-bulb	Me, and only me!
How do mesquite trees get taller	They stand on their mesqui-toes!
How do your trigger a SJW	Oops.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Just kidding, feminist hate change
How do you identify the head waitress at a restaurant	She's the one wearing knee pads.
How did the hipster make it to the front page	He did it before it was cool
How do you annoy someone from r/Jokes	[deleted]
How do you turn a duck into a chart topping soul singer	Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
How do you start a Rave in Ethiopia	Staple food to the ceiling.
Q: How do French poodles greet each other	A: Bone-jour.
How do you know that William Wallace is normally distributed	'Cause he has infinite degrees of FREEEEEDOM!!!
How many feninists does it take to change a lightbulb	None. Because feminists can't change anything.
How will you know your sister has period	When you taste blood in your father's dick
How does a fencer earn their karma	Ripostes.
How many immigrants does donald trump need to change a lightbulb	None because no juan will be left to change it
How many children does it take to change a light bulb in America	About 1 thousand Iraqis.
How does Hitler separate his juice	By concentrate.
How is Star Trek like toilet paper	It circles Uranus looking for Klingons.
How do you know if someone is a vegan	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
How do cows talk to each other	They cowmoonicate.
how do I keep my skin looking so young	it's all thanks to [turns to camera smiling] an ancient curse [locusts pour from my mouth & eyes]
How do you get republicans to not repeal Obamacare	Tell them Mexico is paying for it
How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach	Well, it's not hard.
How many vegans does it take to eat a bacon cheeseburger	One if nobody's looking.
How do you make a chocolate omelette	With Easter Eggs!
How does Moses make his tea	He brews it.
How does Google clean their facilities	They use Google Mops.
How does a penguin make a decision	Flipper coin. Again, I shall take my leave.
How can you make your wife scream for an hour after sex	you clean your d*ck with the curtains
How many minutes equal one orgasm	One eight year old.
How can you tell if a California State coed is a good cook	She can get the pop tart out of the toaster in one piece.
How many redditors does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only one, but an extra 15 to repost.
How do you know a black woman is pregnant	When she pulls out the tampon, the cotton's been picked clean.
How in the world did Bill & Hillary Clinton avoid the celebrity nickname HillBilly	WE DROPPED THE BALL AMERICA.
How is anal sex like your first car	It may not be exactly what you wanted but that doesn't stop your Dad from giving it to you anyway.
How do you stop a monster from smelling	Cut off his nose.
How does Moby Dick celebrate his birthday	He has a whale of a party!
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	Four. One to change bulbs and 3 to sit around and complain that the original was better.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl	With a dust pan and broom.
How could you be pregnant!	!?!?!?! I bought he GOOD dollar store condoms!!!
How did the Kentucky woman know her daughter was on her period	She tasted the blood on her son's penis.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	**[Deleted]**
How many Jews can you fit in a car	One hundred. Five and the rest in the ashtray. (An Austrian friend told me this joke.)
How did Trump win	He Trumped the opposition. It was Hillaryious
How do you piss of female archaeologists	Hand them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.
How did Hitler sneeze	A jew!
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	That's not funny
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	I've got it on vinyl.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	They can't, cause they can't change anything. (Just told to me by my 12 year old son.)
How do you make your girlfriend cry while you're having sex	Call and let her know.
How does a coat steal something	They jacket
How do you know if someone was in the military	Don't worry, they'll let you know.
How do you get a puppy to stay the same size forever	You stop feeding it.
How did the frog die	He kermitted suicide. I'm sorry
Q: How do you make a Venetian blind	A: Stick a finger in his eye.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None, he fell.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants	Juan by Juan.
How are skinny jeans like a small mansion	They have no ball room.
How are the Houston Rockets just like Metapod	All they've got is Harden
How does a Muslim shut a door	Islams it.
How do you throw a party in space	You planet!
How do you throw a party in space	You planet.
How does a feminist kill a spider	Not, she is not man enough to do it.
How many men does it take to open a can of beer	None. She should have opened it as she brought it to you.
How is Chinese airport security like a Russian woman	They'll fuck anybody with an American passport. I say this from experience.
How can you tell if someone is from Texas	...Oh don't worry , they'll tell you
How do you use a condom twice	Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How do you know Little Miss Muffet was a bodybuilder	She was always eating her curds and whey.
How do you know carrots improve your vision	Cause you've never seen any bunnies with glasses
How fast can you travel in any direction in an airport	Terminal velocity.
How many emo kids does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they just sit in the dark and cry.
how many cops does it take to push a black man down stairs	none, he ""fell
How can you tell a sex doll is Muslim	It blows itself up.
How did Moses make his tea	Hebrewed it
How did Kanye find out that Kim was bound, gagged, and held at gunpoint	She released the video on pornhub. (Too soon?)
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard of hearing	HEY! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!
How many male chauvinists does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, let the wenches do the dishes in the dark.
How long does it take a black lady to shit	About 9 months.
Q: How do astronomers organize a party	**They planet.**
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking...J.K. Rowling
How do jockeys stay on their horses	Jockey straps.
How does a blonde turn on the light after making love	Opens the car door.
How do you get whole race to hate you	Blow up the finish line. (I figured 2 years was long enough)
How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. German light bulbs don't break.
How scared was the man who ate cement	Lets just say, he shit a brick.
How many alzheimers patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	To get to the other side!
Q: How do you catch a unique rabbit	A: Unique up on him.
How do you walk a dog with no legs	You don't, you pick it up.
How many monkeys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. Monkeys screw in trees.
How many TSA agents does it take to change a lightbulb	None. TSA agents only know how to remove clothes; putting them on is different matter completely.
How many shrinks does it take to change a lightbulb	Just one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.
[table of 6 year olds in lab coats] How are we supposed to find a cure for cooties if we *bangs fist on table* CAN'T EVEN FIND WALDO	!
How is Trump different from Hitler	Unlike Hitler Trump wants to round up every Juan. Edit : No offence to Trump supporters or anyone!
How do you give a quadriplegic a headache	Ask him to hold open the elevator door
How do you get stuck in an annoying conversation with a stranger	Ask someone vaping if you can bum a cigarette.
how many apples does it take to make a pie	3.14159265358979323846.....
How do you know when a cat's done cleaning itself	It's smoking a cigarette.
How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb	One because his knee grows.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	AIDS.
How do you catch a runaway laptop	With an Internet.
How many bugs does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, as long as they can find a way in.
How is sleeping with a girl whose dad is in the other room the same as being kidnapped	Come quietly and nobody gets hurt.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Hippies screw in tents.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	ten-tickles
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat	She fits into your wife's clothes.
How do you make three pounds of fat attractive	Put a nipple on it.
How much money do gay bars make	A buttload.
How do you catch defish	With debate.
How can you tell if someone does crossfit	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Q: How do you get a dog to stop barking in the back seat of a car	- A: Put him in the front seat.
[Guy Joke] How is wearing crocs like being blown by a dude	It feels great until you look down and realize you're gay.
how does rex reclaim make his music	he composts it
How to cats greet each other at  Christmas	A furry merry Christmas & Happy mew year"" !
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb	Toucan.
How many nuts does it take to screw in a light bulb	A Brazilian
How many NYC cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they just beat the room for being black.
how do you keep bacon from curling in the pan	You take away their tiny brooms.
How do you tell if a girl is ticklish	You give her two test tickles I will see myself out. Thank you and have a good day
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but you have to wonder how they got in there.
How do you make an elephant fly	First, you get a great big zipper...
How many PMSing women does it take to change a lightbulb	Six. Why? It just does! OKAY!
How do you sink the unsinkable	Zat is a qvestion for a philosopher, not a comedian!
How is a pedophile similar to a tortoise	They both want to get there before the hare.
How does a man see things from woman's point of view	By looking out the kitchen window.
How many women are necessary to change a lightbulb	One... but, what does it matter if she will ask a man to do it?!
How does a Jewish guy get his favorite beer	Hebrews it himself.
How does a fetus like it's amniotic fluid	At womb temperature!
How do you get someone with a doctorate in philosophy to leave your house	Just pay for your pizza.
How does Soylent Green taste	It varies from person to person.
How do you know a joke isn't a repost	When it doesn't reach the front page.
How is Rihanna's boyfriend and power tools the same	They're both Black and Decker.
How do dogs enjoy sex	They like it ruff.
How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex	Call her and tell her about it
How do you fit 4 gays on a bar stool	Flip it upside down
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	By walking. Jk. Rowling
How many gay guys does it take to flip a car	We'll find out when the cubs win the World Series
How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart	When she starts her sentence with , ""A man once told me...
How are wives like cholesterol	If you ignore them for too long they'll probably end up killing you
How do you keep a blonde in suspense	...
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag	hint: take the ""S"" out of ""safe"" and the ""F"" out of ""way
How does Jared like to play his flute	In A minor.
How does Reddit feel about Civil War jokes	Because personally, I General Lee don't find them funny
How many bronze players do you need to change a lightbulb	None. They can't climb the ladder.
How many people work in the Lada factory	Two. One to cut and one to glue
How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer	...you put the duck in the microwave on high until it's Bill Withers.
How does a woman pick up Donald Trump	With a pooper-scooper.
How do you know if the wool in your socks came from New Zealand	They've already got cum stains before you open the package.
How do you make an egg laugh	Tell it a yolk.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant	He didn't wrap his Whopper
How do you get a unicorn from neighing in your front yard	Put it in the back yard.
How many SJWs does it take to screw in a light bulb	THAT'S *NOT* FUNNY!
How do German bread greet each other	Gluten tag!
How do you have a rave in Greece	Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling.
How many Swiss does it take to change a light bulb	None. We pay a German to do it.
How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat	? When she starts fitting in your wife's clothes!!
How many Nazis does it take to deny the holocaust	Nein nein nein!!!
How can you tell your boyfriend has a high sperm count	You have to chew before you swallow.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Its a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How are marriage and commiting suicide the same	You are really good at it if you have only had to do it once. Edit: Joke idea taken from a /r/showerthoughts post.
How do you say goodbye to two people in Spanish	Adidos!
How do you make a cat sound like a dog	Pour gasoline on it and set it on fire : WOOF! How do you make a dog sound like a cat? Freeze it and put it thru a table saw: meeeeooooow
How do you explain this gap in your resume	I was in jail."" Okay. Sure you weren't working for Trump's campaign? ""Swear to God. Jail.
How does Harry Potter like his sandwiches to be cut	Diagon alley
How many Sayians does it take to change a light bulb	One. But it'll take 3 episodes, and Krillin dies.
How does the butcher introduce his wife	Meat Patty.
How do you get jizz off a Scrabble board	Don't bother, that's 29 points right there.
How do you ask a tyrannosaur out to lunch	Tea, Rex?
How did the mathematician get rid of his constipation	He worked it out with a pencil.
How do you circumcised a whale	Four skin divers
How do you find an inconvenient proof	With an Al-Gore-rithm
How can you tell when the Chief Accountant is getting soft	When he actually listens to Marketing before saying No
How do you find the blind man in a nudist colony	It's not hard.
How does a mathematician deal with constipation	He works it out with a pencil.
How much do dirty deeds cost again	-Malcolm Young
How do you make a gay man have sex with a woman	Shit in her cunt.
How many dead prostitutes we need to change a lightbulb	Certainly not three, because in my basement is still dark.
How much did the pirate farmer charge for his corn	[](/party)A buck-an-ear!
How do you make a little girl cry twice	You wipe your dick on her teddy bear after!
How do you show your appreciation towards black holes	Thanks for nothing!
How do you make antifreeze	Take away her blanket!
How do you cancel your appointment at the spermicides bank	You call and say you can't cum. Edit:typo
How do you call a puzzled amputee	Stumped.
How many potatoes does it take to starve an Irish man	None
How do you greet an overweight Micronesian when you're trying to sound cool	Microsoft Word.
How can you tell if a girl is too young for you	You need to make the airplane sound to put your cock in her mouth. (From one of my favorite stand-ups, Jimmy Carr!)
How many Fat Acceptance Movement activists does it take to change a light bulb	You don't need to change your bulb. Light or heavy, you are beautiful and worthy of acceptance.
How do you get a nun pregnant	You dress her up as a choirboy.
How did I win a Super Smash Bros. Brawl Tournament	I met a knight
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Suck his dick.
How do tree surgeons live	Life on the hedge!
Q: How does a poor mans cube look like	A: It's a sphere.
How many millenials does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one. They hold it in place while the world revolves around them.
How can you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	One you see later, and the other you see in a while.
How do you blind an Asian	Put a windshield in front of them
How long does it take for stormtroopers to obey Kylo Ren	Just the First Order.
How do tectonic plates have fun	They meet up and crack each other up.
How do you spell anarchy	Any way you fucking want.
How can you tell if there is an elephant in your dessert	You get very lumpy ice cream !
How did Hitler like his orange juice	Concentrated.
How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/Jokes	Three. One to post it, another to post a better punchline in the comment section, and another to repost it with the new punchline.
How much jizz does a gay dude have	A buttload
How many prepubescent teen boys does it take to screw in a light bulb	He said ""screw"" lolol
How do you broach the sensitive religious topic about the possibility a human soul might not actually exist	Gingerly.
How do you know if a Chinaman robbed your house	Your homework is done and your computer is upgraded, but two hours later he is still trying to back out of your driveway.
How can you tell if Lady Gaga is dead	Po-po-po-po-po-po-poke-her-face
how do you think the unthinkable	with an ithberg!
How many potatoes does it take to kill am Irishman	Zero.
How do you organize a space party	You Planet
How do you know if a chick used a vibrator while she was pregnant	The kid stutters
How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb	Need to know ASAP.
How do we know burgers love young people	They're pro-teen!
How do you say brassiere in German	Keepemfromfloppin
How did Copernicus become the first Polish astronomer	He was the first one in the country to look up.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the microwave until its Bill Withers.
How did the snowman get happy	The snowblower came around
How can you recognise a blind man among a crowd of nudists	It's not hard...
How do you tell if someone is opposed to GMOs	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Q: How many bassoonists does it take to screw in  a light bulb	A: Only one but they'll insist on going through about 5 bulbs before they find one that suits this particular room and situation.
How can you tell two people are married	Both are yelling at the same kid.
How many babies does it take to change a light bulb	None. Babies don't have the motor skills or the depth perception to change a light bulb.
How do you get a Texas Tech senior's eyes to sparkle	Shine a flashlight in his ears.
How did we build a tunnel to china	A jew found a dollar in a hole.
How do you know if you are drowning in milk	If it's pasturize
How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Nun. But really, its easier to rape little boys in the dark.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	A brick to the back of his head should do it.
How do teachers teach safe sex in the south	put a hood on your klan member
How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader	Tell him that asylum seekers kill pedophiles.
How often do you find a eunuch in Westeros	It Varys (   )
How do you make a hormone	Kick her between the legs
How many ""friend-zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb	None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
How many Canadians does it take to change a light bulb	None, they don't change light bulbs, they accept them the way they are.
How many vegan people does it take to change a lightbulb	One vegan, I am vegan, it was me - the vegan, I was the only vegan, it was me.
How do you clear out an Afghani bingo game..	Call B52!!
How do you get 20 Jews in a car	Throw a dollar in! How do you get them out? Tell them it's a taxi!
How many angels can a pinhead dance on	To hold up their pants.
How did the Manicurist feel after her salon was robbed	Defiled.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	YOU WEREN'T THERE MAN!! - Shorty
How did the sun die	It went to Detroit.
Q: How do the Dallas Cowboys spend their first week at spring training	A: Studying their Miranda Rights.
How does a guy with five dicks wear his pants	Like a glove
how do you reference your local humane society on twitter	##
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just Juan.
How do librarians file melted marshmallows	According to the Gooey Decimal System.
How do you piss off a really tall guy	First you gotta climb him
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm	Look for the fresh prints.
How many men does it take to open a beer	None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
How does the drug addict know the cocaine is good quality	He just nose. All credit to my BFF
How many Arabs does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just sit in the dark and blame the Jews.
How can you tell if your sister is on her period	Your dad's dick tastes funny.
How do you give an ice cube an identity crisis	Drop it like its hot.
How did the Canadian win the hockey game	He took stEHreroids
How to emberass an acrchaeologist	How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How old is your Grandma	I dunno but we've had him a long time.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
How do you make a peanut butter and Reddit sandwich	You spreddit.
How do bros want their drinks	NOICE!!!!
How do you piss off /r/jokes	Jokes: son-of-a-b***h
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Trick question: Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
How flies does it take to screw in light bulb	Just two.
How do you get a French girl pregnant	Cum in her shoe and let the flies do the rest.
How do you know you are in a real lesbian bar	Not even the pool table has balls
How did the girl with fetal alcohol syndrome tag a picture of herself on instagram	\#nophiltrum
How are cats like empty wine bottles	I'm probably gonna die surrounded by both.
How many music majors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	16 One to screw it in and 15 others to stand around and talk shit about how bad the one person did.
How did the girlfriend satisfy her secretly gay boyfriend	I don't know, I guess she really had him pegged.
How many people with alzheimer's does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the otherside!
How do you spell ""nose"" is Spanish	nose
how many Irishman does it take to screw in a light bulb	2, one to hold the light bulb the other to drink until the room spins
How much did the pirate pay to get his ears pierced	A buck 'n ear
How do you say ""virgin"" in Dutch	Goodentight
How do we know that Jesus was made of bread	Because yeasterday he died and tomorrow he will have risen.
How does Moses make his tea	Hebrews it. That's the oldest pun in The Book.
How many Bill Cosbys does it take to change a light bulb	Just one but every time he does he causes a blackout.
How do you know which pepper in the garden is the nosiest	... it's the one that's jalapeno business!!!
How do crazy people get through the forrest	They take the psycho path.
how did harry potter get down the hill	walking jk rowling
How do you wake a sleeping Lady Gaga	You poke poke poker face
How many Jews does it take to kill Jesus	You can't kill a myth.
How can you tell if your sperm count is high	Your partner has to chew before they swallow.
How do you get half of Mexico to jump off a cliff	Throw a penny off. How do you get the other half to jump too? ... Tell them no one found it yet.
How are children like cellphones	If you've lost one and haven't found it in a couple days, chances are it's probably dead.
How many animals can you fit in a condom	A cock and a couples of hares! Source: I was told this in a bar tonight and felt the need to share it!
How did the burglar get into the house	Intruder window
How do you find the fastest man in Africa	Roll a penny down a hill.
How did the mathematician solve his problem with constipation	He worked it out with a pencil
How much do pirates pay for earrings	Somewhere around a buck an ear.
How much does a Qur'an weigh	Allaht
How do you get everyone in a chemistry department to kill themselves	Get them to unionize
How did the girl end up with ninja jizz on her face	she didn't see him coming
How are women like casinos	Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
How do you kill 10 flies at once	Slap an African child in the face.
How many good deeds do you need to be called a superhero	Because If it's one or less, I'm totally there.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	They rearranged the living room furniture.
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes twinkle	A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.
How does a jew get his beer	He brews
How do you know your girlfriend is too young	You have to make airplane noises to get your dick in her mouth.
How many engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to screw in the bulb and another to talk about how complicated it was.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb	To get to the other side!
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb	FOUR!
How to you circumcise a catholic boy	Kick the priest in the jaw!
How would America win gold medals in shooting for the Olympics	They take their prison population and school population to Rio.
How does one make a Nazi	With a ropesy.
How many people from Chernobyl does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They glow in the dark.
How can you tell Cap'n Crunch is terrible	He hasn't been promoted since 1963...
How do you get Dick from Richard	You ask nicely.
How much salt does Jihadi John have on his chips	Just a Daesh.
How much sawdust does a chicken have to eat to lay a two by four	Give up? So did the chicken.
How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb	I don't know, that's a good question.
Q: How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: None. Each lightbulb contains the means of its own revolution.
How is a 9 Volt Battery similar to an Anus	You know you shouldn't, but eventually you're gunna lick it.
How do you get an elderly lady to say f***	Get another one to say bingo
How did the Mathematician cure his constipation	He worked it out with a pencil.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, feminists can't change anything
How did Tom Brady's feel after losing to the Broncos	Deflated
How do you reduce wind-drag on a musician's car	Take the Domino's Pizza sign off the roof
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizza	Deep pan, Crisp and Even
How many people does it take for Prince Andrew to be accused of gang rape	One. And one's friends.
How do you call a spiritually significant Polish guy	Totem Pole.
How do you embarrass an archeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
How do you start a rave in Uganda	Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling
How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb	She says, ""Daddy, I want a new apartment.
How do Christians eat their icecream	They Catholick it.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like an altar boy
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb	Two - One to put it most of the way in, and one to give it an interesting twist at the end.
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass	Very Satisfying
How does post-vasectomy sex compare	There's not a vas deferens.
How can you tell if a gay person is dead	Check pulse
How much lube do you need for anal	A buttload.
How do you kill a hipster	Push them into the mainstream and watch them tumblr
How can you tell if someone went to the gym	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Fish.
How does an Alabama mother know when her daughter is on her period	She can taste the blood on her son's dick. (Credit to my uncle)
How many square feet of pizza can you eat	Trick question. Pizzas are round.
How do you make a Whiskey Sour	Crush it's hopes and dreams.
How did that bullfight come out	Oh it was a toss-up!
How did the chickens dance at the Christmas  party	Chick to chick !
How does a ninja shop for groceries	No one knows.
How can Euchre and Marriage be similar	Sometimes you start out all hearts and diamonds, but end up wishing you had a club and a spade.
How come jokes about Blacks and Hispanics aren't funny	Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal
How is an easily-offended person like a broken GPS	They always take things the wrong way.
How many cuckolds does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Somebody else does the screwing for 'em.
Hows Donald Trump gonna get rid of all the Mexicans	Juan by Juan.
How do you know accountants have no imagination	They named a firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
How do you make a Gorilla float	Two scoops of ice cream some club soda and a very tasty Gorilla!
How do you unlock a monastery door	With a monk key.
How many people who subscribed to r/The_Donald does it take to screw in a light bulb	Obviously more than one because it's still dark in their mother's basement.
How do you cure the bird flu versus swine flu	One you use tweetment and the other, oinkment
How many black Oscar nominees would it take (compared to white nominees) to satisfy the boycotters	Three-fifths as many seems like a generous offer.
How do you know when your best friend is gay	When his dick tastes like shit
How did one pothead greet the other	High
How do you stop the protests in Charlotte	Sing the nation anthem they will sit down
How do you trap a polar bear	Dig a hole in the ice, and line the edge with peas. Then, when the polar bear comes along to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
How Does Sean Connery Wash His Dishes	Like a Bosch!
How do you stop volcanoes from erupting	Give them earth control pills*!* heh heh heh...
How do you kill a Mormon	Bore them to death.
How do you get a philosophy major off of your porch	Pay for the pizza.
How did the psychiatrist break his leg	He had a Freudian slip.
How do you get in touch with the models in the pictures that come with the frame	I have an out of control, elaborate lie I need help with.
How did Hitler tie his shoes	In little Nazis
How does Harry Potter get down the stairs	By walking. J.K. Rowling...
How is a push-up bra like a bag of chips	As soon as you open it, you realize it's half empty.
How does King Arthur take his pills	An African or European swallow
How do you get down off an elephant	You don't. You get down off a duck.
How can you make seven even	Take away the letter S.
How do you kill a circus troupe	Go for the juggler.
How many stuttering Mexicans does it take to crash a server	D--Dos
How do you confuse a gay person	Seven
How do you get milk from a witch's cat	Steal her saucer.
Q: How do you get 2 piccolos to play a  perfect unison	A: Shoot one.
How Many Dragonball Z Characters Does it Take to Screw in a Light-bulb	just one, but it will take 4 episodes.
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb	Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change
How do you make Bengay	Squeeze his tube.
How do make a Kia twice as valuable	Fill up the tank
How do you catch a refrigerator	Well then you better go catch it! Hahaaa
How accurate is the Bible	100% at short range
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh	Ten tickles. lol :P
How do Mexican cut pizza	Little Caesars.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently not four as my basement is still dark
How do you send a dog to space	Laika boss.
How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a lightbulb	Two. One to change the lightbulb, and the other to hold the penis -- LADDER. I meant ladder.
How are asians and really obese people alike	They both can't see their dicks, but they know it's there.
How did the Romans split up their empire	With a pair of Caesars. (Thanks [Deep Digger Dan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=JUIumhWtTK4))
How many	How many pessimists does it take to change a light bulb? None - it's probably screwed it too tight anyhow!
How many mystery writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two: one to get it 95% done, and the second to give it the twist at the end.
How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber	Ask them to pronounce unionized.
How can you tell your roommate is gay	You can taste shit on his dick.
How come newspapers make so much money	Because they make money off Paper Views
How do you wake up Lady Gaga	Poker face.
How many jews could get in to the cab	It depends on ashtrays capacity. //badenglishsorry
How come white girls can only count odd numbers	Because they can't even.
How long does it take for a Somalian to shit	9 months.
How do you get a 90 year old lady to yell fuck	Get another 90 year old to yell ""BINGO!
How do you mend a jack-o-lantern	With a pumpkin patch.
How do the Kardashians tell a joke	They get Kim to talk slowly to him.
How does every ethnic joke start	By looking over your shoulder
How many Jews can fit in a car	2 In the front, 2 in the back, and six million in the ash tray! *Drops mic* *Gets shot*
How does moses make his tea	Hebrews it
How do I know Kim and Kanye's daughter is going to be smart	Because she already has 315 degrees.
How do you make a fat chick orgasm	Who cares.....
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. Hippies only screw in tents.
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	Find out next time on DRAGON BALL Z KAI!
How do you know a mod of /r/jokes is Asian	[dereted]
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced	A buccaneer.
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced	A buccaneer!
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man	zero
How Does Moses make Tea	HEBREW it!
How do you get Holy water	You boil the Hell out of it.
How many ""friendzoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How do sceptics introduce themselves	I don't believe we've met...
How do you comfort a grammar nazi	There, their, they're.
How do you get a dog to lick itself clean like a cat	Cover it in peanut butter.
How do you tell apart a guitarist and a computer geek	Ask them if they think solid states are shitty.
How does a Japanese person distinguish between a German and an extraterrestrial	He doesn't, they are both Aryans.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb	One but the lightbulb has to want to change.
How did Maxwell greet Ampere	Good Faraday to you, sir!
How did R. Kelly's girlfriend feel when she found out he's into watersports	She was pissed.
How many women with PMS does it take to change a light bulb	GO FUCK YOURSELF!
How many Apple workers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One to over hype the new lightbulb and one to make sure it breaks within a year.
How many sexists does it take to change a light bulb	**None** *Let the bitch cook in the dark.*
How many recovering alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb	We'll get on it next week
How many depressed people does it take to screw in a light bulb	Who cares...
How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl	Broom and a Dustpan.
How do black geese call to white geese	HONKEY! HONKEY!
How do you explain a man birthing a baby	Taco bell for lunch
How would you feel if you were raped for every rape joke you made	Sore
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to beat the room for being black and one to arrest the light bulb for being broke.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus	Pokemon
How many dragon ball characters does it take to change a light bulb	Only one... but it will take a few episodes. ~~The lightbulb saga~~
How do you disappoint a redditor	Just say ""Ifunny is better than reddit
How are Princess Diana and Pink Floyd alike	Their last big hit was The Wall.
How do the Russian people feel about their government	They're Putin up with it.
How many Software Engineers does it take to change a light-bulb	None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as a choir boy.
How does Jesus like his hotwings	Tinder and Mild.
How can you tell if someone who's just had  a perm is on the phone	You get a frizzy signal!
How do you make a guitar player's car more aerodynamic	Take off the pizza delivery sign.
How do you email a sandwich	In bytes. *Ba dum tss*
How many cow-lories does a cheeseburger have	Moo many...
How did Portland, Oregon protest Trump's wall	They blocked streets with a human wall
How many Irish guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	30 - One to hold the light bulb and 29 to drink until the room spins.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb	It's like a really obscure number you have probably never heard of.
How do reptilians melt steel beams	thermite.
How many Elvis impersonators does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One for the money, two for the show.
How do you know when you should stop eating	When you start wearing the same bra size as your wife.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	You 'Neak Up On It.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	TWO....but it's really hard to get them in there
How do you circumcise a whale	Send down four skin-divers
How many Juggalos does it take to change a light bulb	FUCKIN' LIGHT BULBS! HOW DO THEY WORK!?!
How do pigs gets to hospital	In a hambulance
How do you spell socks in Spanish	Eso si que es.
How do pirates know they are pirates	They think therefore they arrr
How much did Adidas spend in advertising at the World Cup this year	At least a brazillion dollars...
How did the constipated mathematician solve the problem	He worked out with a pencil.
how do you kill a blonde with only one arm that climbed a lamppost	You wave to her.
How do you stop a small dog from humping your leg	You pick it up and suck its dick!
How do you say bra in German	dashud sthapem from flappen
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up	Shine a flashlight in their ear.
How do jewish people like their foreskins	[removed]
How do you get 4 girls to sit on one chair	You flip it upside down.
How do aliens pay for their coffees	With Starbucks!
how do you get from floor to roof	smoke an L and look in the mirror
How can you tell when a vampire is sick	By his coffin!
How do you practice eating out a black woman	Steel wool and mayonnaise
How did the butcher introduce his wife	Meat Patty
How do poor people make it rain	They don't.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza	Little Caesars
How do you drown a hipster	Throw them in the mainstream
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up as an alter boy.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a tampon and ask which period it came from.
How do you get a Harvard graduate off your doorstep	Tip him for the pizza.
Q: How many blonde jokes are there	A: One - the rest are all true.
How are a homosexual and a tumbleweed alike	They keep blowing and blowing until they end up on a fence in Wyoming.
How did the Edward Impersonator annoy /r/jokes	He feigned ted.
How do you treat Mrs. Potato Head when she has cancer	Ampu-tater
How do you get someone with downs syndrome out of a tree	Wave at them.
How many Sore Losers does it take to change a Lightbulb	Won.
How many birds can play tic-tac-toe	Toucan
Q: How do you take census in a Polish village	A: Roll a quarter down the street count the legs divide by two and subtract one for the Jew who catches it.
How do fish lose weight	They Swim-fast.
How can you tell if you have a mature or an immature sense of humor	poop.
How do you know your girlfriend is getting too fat	Because she tried on your wife's pants and they fit.
How many NRA members does it take to change a lightbulb	More guns.
How do you get rid of an obese demon	You exercise it.
How do you make a handkerchief dance	You put a little boogie in it!
How do all races end in the desert	In a cacti!
How do you know Google is a male	Because it knows everything.
How many guys in the friendzone does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they just stand around and compliment it, and then get pissed when it won't screw
How does Moses make his tea	He brews it! ;)
How many suh boys does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, its already lit fam. I cannot take credit for this due to being told this joke by a freind. He was in fact lit af.
How does a woman scare a gynecologist	By becoming a ventriloquist
How are baby androids born	From their mother's computerus.
How many dads does it take to change a light bulb	Asking because it's been a week and mine still hasn't.
How does a Reaver clean his spear	He puts it in the Wash.
How did Eddard Stark get his daily recommended amount of fiber	Raisin' Bran.
How do you know a soprano is at the door	They can't find the key and don't know when to come in.
How many guys in the friend zone does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, they just stand around and compliment it and get pissed off when it doesn't screw.
How many Greeks does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, ......A Greek will screw anything!
How can you tell a mechanic recently had sex	He has 1 clean finger. src: heard on radio yesterday
How do you keep bacon from curling in the pan	You take away its tiny brooms.
How do you make your penis bigger	Eat chicken and watermelon then wash it down with grape drink.
How does father Christmas get away with suing everyone	The Santa Clause
How does Liam Neeson like his martini	Taken, not stirred.
How many teenage girls does it take to screw..... in a lightbulb	Just one to hold it up as the whole world revolves around her.
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem	Simple! He just worked it out with a pencil!
Q: How did the townsfolk find out the pigeons were plotting a revolution	A: They heard them in the town square saying, ""Coup, coup!
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb	One.
How do you know if balls are ticklish	Testicle
How do you prevent 9/11	Make it a Malaysian airlines flight.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None...he fell
How can a black woman tell if she is pregnant	When she goes to pull out her tampon and all the cotton's been picked.
How do you calculate the length of rosemary	Sprigonometry
How did Feminism start	With an unlocked kitchen door
How many cops does it take to push a black guy down the stairs	None, he 'fell'.
How do you catch a WiFi	With an ethernet!
How do you get rid of pubic lice	Seriously, it is not a joke. I really want to know.
How did the Santa Lawn Ornament feel the day after Christmas	He was de-lighted.
How do you make a cat go ""meow""	Take it out of the freezer and run it through a bandsaw.
How do snails get their shells all shiny	They use snail polish.
How do you expect us to loan you money if you can't prove to us that you don't need it	-Banks
How do nudists greet each other	With a bare hug.
How many nuns were at the library	Absolutely nun
How do you use an african man to get people to meet your demands	You black male.
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ	The sausage tastes like shit.
How many Hipster's does it take to screw in a light bulb	Oh, just some number you've probably never heard of.
How come Peter Pan keeps on flying	Because he Neverlands
How come nobody tells ""Nacho"" jokes anymore	They're too cheesy.
How do Baroque composers tweet	Through their twitter Handel! ..... I am so sorry
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia	Tie a piece of bread to the roof..
How do you ruin a joke	Screw it up. How do you ruin a joke? Screw it up again.
How much skin does it take to cover a vagina	/sticks out tongue
How do you get Jizz off of a Scrabble board	Don't bother. That shit's worth 29 points.
Q: How do you tell a brown bear from a grizzly bear	A: Climb a tree. If the bear climbs up and eats you, it's a brown bear. If the bear knocks the tree down and eats you, it's a grizzly.
How does Avis feel to be #2	It Hertz
How does a person from New Zealand find a sheep in tall grass	Very satisfying.
How do crazy people make it through a forest	They take the psycho-path.
How much longer	Did you bring any snacks? They want $5 for M&M's! I wanna go home Is it over yet? - me watching my kids Christmas pageant
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb	A Brazilian
How can you tell if a picture was taken with a GoPro	because the owner will tell you
How do you start a rave in Africa	Glue toast to the ceiling
How do blondes' brain cells die	Alone
How does a blind parachutist know when to pull his rip-chord	The leash goes slack...
How did the fish's tail get stuck in the anchor chain	It was just a fluke!
How does a chemist introduce Batman	Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium Batman!
How many libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, the lightbulb has to pull itself up by the bootstraps and screw itself in
How can you get 20 jews into a VW Beetle	Easy - just use the ashtray
How do you piss off a male archaeologist	You take a shit in his car.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	NONE!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Easy, you just look for the fresh prints.
How many immature people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hehe... 'screw' Alternatively: 69, but everyone expects that one.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman	None
How do you get out of a Russian prison	You have Vladmir Putin a word for you.
How many Avengers does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. Ant-Man and Wasp are the only ones small enough to fit inside a lightbulb.
How do you make your GF cry during sex	Phone her... ;)
How do you catch a unique bunny	Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bunny? The tame way.
How do you know if your wife is dead	Sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.
How did Samuel Morse propose to his wife	.-- .. .-.. .-.. / -.-- --- ..- / -- .- .-. .-. -.-- / -- . ..--..
How do I know we are going to have sex tonight	Because, I'm stronger then you are.
How did the frog die	He Kermitted suicide
How much does a hipster weigh	.. An instagram
How many babies does it take to paint a house	Depends on how hard you can throw them
How do you know you're at a gay picnic	The hotdogs taste like shit.
How do you tell the difference between a computer scientist and an aspiring music artist	Ask them what 'unsigned' means.
How are bad dubstep and constipation similar	Both leave you waiting for the drop.
[Nsfw] How do you know you have a high sperm count	She has to chew before swallowing
How does every racist joke start	With a look over your shoulder.
How do you know a drummer is at your door	The knock speeds up.
How do you start a black parade	Roll a 40 down the street.
How does a physicist exercise	By pumping ion!
How much do drum shaped sofas cost	5 dollars per-cushion.
How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb	I'll tell you at 1000 upvotes
How do you start a rave party in Ethiopia	Glue bread to the ceiling.
How many eggs can you eat while fasting	Just one, because after eating it you won't be fasting anymore
How do calculus students feel about undefined slopes in Cartesian planes	Indifferential.
How JokeExplainBot spent his weekend	Explaining his wife.
How did hitler tie his shoes	In little nazis
How do you greet a three-headed monster	Hi, hi, hi.
How many rioters does it take to change a lightbulb	Don't be stupid, rioters can't change anything.
How do you know if your best friend is gay	If his dick tastes like shit!
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Only 2, but its really hard to get them inside the bulb.
How did the basketball court get wet	The players dribbled all over it!
How did Hitler tie his shoes	With little knotsies.
How does Hitler tie his shoes	In littles Nazis.
How many actors does it take to change a light bulb	10. 1 to change it and 9 to say they could have done it better.
How many idiots does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Penis.
How do you troll an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask which period it's from.
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb	Three. One to pay a Mexican to do it, two to deport him afterwards.
How do you call Anakin Skywalker's padawan after getting tased by enemy	A shocked Tano.
How do you spell elephant	E-l-l-e-e-f-a-n-t ""That's not how the dictionary spells it"" ""You didn't ask me how the dictionary spelt it !
How can you tell an engineer is an extrovert	He looks at your shoes when he talks to you.
How many people does it take to change a light bulb	Is just one of the questions I should have asked before buying a lighthouse....
How does a butcher introduce his wife	Meat Patty
How do you circumcise a Texan	Kick his sister in the jaw.
How many gays does it take to change a lightbulb	[removed]
Q: How do you confuse a blonde	A: You don't. They're born that way.
How do you make an Octopus laugh	Give it ten-tickles
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb	Apparently more than 5, because my basement is still dark.
How many social justice activists does it take to change a lightbulb	They can't change anything lol
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Two, one to change it and one to tell her she did a really good job.
How do we know cats are communists	All they ever say is Mao.
How was Jackie Gleason put into his casket	Crammed in.
How does a mermaid give a man head	She blows him out of the water
How did I clear papers of Islamic Studies	Have faith, don't question.
How do you annoy people on Reddit	[removed]
How many dead babies can you fit in a phone booth	78.5
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb	Fish
How do you get a Baby to Stop crying	You Beat it with a brick
How do they count the Mexican immigrants	They start with Juan
How do you kill a walrus	Tell him there's something on its chest
How do you think the unthinkable	With an itheberg.
How do you make two Oboists play in tune with one another	Shoot one of them.
Q: How many Studio Executives does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: We don't know. Light bulbs last longer than studio executives.
How did the blonde chip her teeth	using a vibrator
How is a coke whore like a comet	They're both dirty snowballs.
how do you catch a unique cat	unique up on it. (im sorry)
How do you starve a black guy	Put his food stamps under his work boots.
How did Mace die in Star Wars	Through the Windu
How do terrorists like their apple pie	Allah mode.
How do you know you're not a racist	Only if you have four black tires and a color TV
How does Hillary Clinton clean her glasses	By deleting the mainframe.
How do you view lesbian relationships	1080p
How long does it take King Zora to move out of your way	A week, a week, a week, a week, a week, a week.
How do you approach an angry Welsh cheese	Caerphilly.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb	Zero.
How many Vietnam Veterans does it take to screw in a light bulb	YOU WEREN'T THERE MAN!
How do you make a cat bark like a dog	Cover it in lighter fluid and throw a match at it: ""WOOF!
How do you make a hormone	Don't pay the b!tch.
How do you know if a woman is hot for you	When you stick your hand in her underpants it feels like you're feeding a horse.
How do you know your wife is dead	The sex is the same but the dishes keep piling up.
How many Jews does it take to fix an oven	Hitler stopped trying at 6 million.
How do crazy people go through the forest	They take the pyschopath
How do you know your sister's on her period	Your dad's dick tastes like blood
How many militant feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to change the bulb and one to suck my dick.
Q: How many Labour Party members does it take to change a lightbulb	A: None. They haven't got a policy on that.
How do you get a Catholic Nun to have sex	Dress her up like an altar boy
How did you get those horrible burns	*flashback to me enjoying some hot soup on a rollercoaster* I saved a litter of puppies from a fire.
How do you ask a priest to hand you the spaghetti	Pasta pasta, pasta.
How well did the sailor do in school	Not bad actually, he got high 'C's.
How many evolutionists does it take to change a light bulb	Only one but it takes eight million years.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	Oh, I have that vinyl at home.
How to find out who loves you more - your dog or your wife	Easy. Lock them both in a trunk and watch who will be happier to see you after you open it in 15 minutes.
How do you tell if someone is riding a bicycle for fitness or because they have a DUI	The cigarette.
How does every racist joke start	*looks around the room*
How do eels get around the seabed	They go by octobus.
How do you make a small fortune in aviation	Start out with a large fortune.
How many Black Lives Matters protesters does it take to change a light bulb	Don't be silly, Black Lives Matters protesters can't change anything.
How long does it take light to travel from the sun to the earth	Not nearly as long as it would take to travel around your mom.
How did Bilbo survive the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy	Because old Hobbits die hard...
How does it feel to be a famous rock-and-roll musician	Fan-fucking-tastic!
How do you know who in the room is a vegetarian	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many potatoes does it take to kill and Irishman	None. Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
How do you confuse a palaeontologist	Give them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.
How do you think the unthinkable	With an Ithberg
How can your make 7 even	Take away the ""S
How do you know the toothbrush was invented in South Carolina	Cause if it was invented anywhere else it'd be called a teethbrush.
How does Bob Marley like his sandwiches	Wi' jam in
How can you lose around 10 pounds of ugly fat	Cut off your head.
How do you tell which potato on the street corner is the prostitute	It has a sticker on it that says ""Idaho.
How high can Miss Piggy count	68, because at 69 she gets a frog in her throat...
How do you call a gay Jew	Heblew.
How do you tell off a toilet	Tell them to eat shit.
How much does a rabbi charge for a circumcision	Nothing, he just keeps the tips.
How many lead trumpets does it take to screw in a light bulb	One, he just holds the light bulb up, and the world revolves around him.
How do you circumcise a redneck	You kick his sister in the jaw.
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
How do you get a dozen eggs out of a washing machine in less than a minute	i'm serious... help.
How do you kill a blonde	Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a swimming pool.
How many bassists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Just have the keybord player do it with their left hand.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One to pick up the phone and call some other asshole to do it.
How does Moses make his coffee	He-brews it
Q: How do you make a hot dog stand	A: Take away its chair.
How many people with Alzheimer's did it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side.
How do Chinese name their kids	They throw silverware on the ground!
How does Shrek describe his sex with Fiona	Medi-Ogre
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart	You take the 'S' out of Safe, and the 'F' out of Way.
How many clones of president Obama does it take to change a lightbulb	What a stupid question: Obama won't change jack shit.
How do you pick up a jew	Dust pan and brush
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb	Swan
How does every racist joke start	By looking over your shoulder
How old do I look	9yo: 30 Aww, you deserve ice crea- 9yo: Just like grandma -m but too bad you're not getting any
how are high schoolers similar to women	they're always asking ""when will this period be over?
How do I love thee	Let me count the ways... Five.
How does a comedian like his eggs	Funny side up
How do you cook a stoned ham	420F Glaze it Ok I'm leaving
How many anti-social teens does it take to ignore a burned-out light bulb	None of your fuckin business!
How many ladybugs does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two, but I have no idea how they get in there.
How do black people die from a drive by	Everytime someone screams ""get down! "" they stand up and start dancing!
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister in the mouth.
How do you spot a blind guy at a strip club	It's not hard.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs	None. He fell.
How is the 85 year old Contractor that survived lung cancer doing	Asbestos he can. I'm so sorry.
How is a man like a snowstorm	You never know when he's coming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will last.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	YOU DON'T KNOW MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!!
How do you make a dead baby float	Take your foot off of it.
Q: How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	A: Pretty hot
How do you call the guy who immigrates to Saudi Arabia	Wannabee Wahhabi.
How do you get your girlfriend to stop giving you blowjobs	You marry her.
How does a seamstress reply to someone asking her how her day was	So,so.....
How do you sell a chicken to a deaf man	(pause....) WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN??!! (SHOUTING)
How can you tell if you accidentally wandered into a gay bar	Everyone keeps offering to push your stool in
How do you circumcise a West Virginian man	Punch his sister in the throat.
How was the Roman Empire cut in half	With a pair of Caesars!
How was the Roman Empire cut in half	With a pair of Caesars.
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. One to hold the bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
How do you sort out Ant and Dec	Squash one and deal with the other later.
How you compliment an Italian cheese maker	Gouda worka
How do you get Martha Stewart to scream twice	Fuck her in the ass, then wipe your dick on the curtains.
How do you titillate an ocelot	You oscillate it's tit a lot
How do you pronounce ""nihilism	It doesn't matter
How many lawyers does it take to grease a  combine	Only one if you run him through slowly!
How do you fix a broken tuba	With a tuba glue!
How did the sperm cross the road	I put the wrong socks on today. ^(credit to /u/jackster_)
How do Hawaiians subtly enjoy a bad joke	with a low ""ha
How do you make an apple turnover	Push it down hill.
How do you turn a little boy into a little girl	With a small loan of a million dollars.
How many nurses does it take to change a light bulb	None they just have a nursing assistant do it. As much as the doctor orders.
How many spiders does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two.
Q: How much does it cost to get married Dad	A: I don't know son I'm still paying for it.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	Aids.
How many Jews does it take to fix a country	-6 million
how does a bakery know when to make more bread	on a knead the dough basis
How do Muslim women get wrinkles off their faces	Fabric softener.
How does a carpenter effectively build stairs	He thinks one step ahead
How does every black joke start	By looking over your shoulder.
Q: How do you tell when a blonde reaches  orgasm	A1: She drops her nail-file!
Q: How many actors does it take to screw in a light bulb	A: 100: One to do it and ninety-nine to say ""I could've done that.
How much did the Olympic Games cost	About a Brazillion dollars.
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day	F5
How do you LOL in N. Korea	ROR! No one raugh in North Korea!
How does OP's mom turn on the lights after sex	She opens the car door.
How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall	Depends on how hard you throw them
How many south americans does it take to change a light bulb	A Brazilian.
How do we know Jesus turned water into wine at parties	Because if he turned the **wine** into **water** someone would have kicked the shit out of him.
How do you know if your cat has eaten a duckling	She's got that down in the mouth look !
How do dogs order eggs at restaurants	Pooched.
How do you put an elephant in a Safeway bag	Take the ""s"" out of Safe and the ""f"" out of way.
Q: How many divorcees does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: None. The sockets all went with the house.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down a flight of stairs	None. He ""fell"".
How much sex does one of God's brides have	Nun
How do you know if your girlfriend is ticklish	You give her a test-tickle.
How do you know if a wizards gay	It disappears with a poof.
How rare was the disease that killed Tom Jones' wife	It's not unusual
How did Tiger Woods get the name Tiger	His mom is Thai and his dad is.......
How do you say ""bra"" in german	CUZITHODZITFOMFOPIN.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool	Please get out of the pool
How do you find a blind man in a strip club	It isn't hard
How's it hanging	directly below the point of suspension
How do you get a nun pregnant	Dress her up like an altar boy.
How do you make Holy Water	You boil the hell out of it. (credit to Tasteless)
How is a chronic disease unlike the 9th Doctor, but like the 10th Doctor	It sticks around for more than 1 Season, and doesn't want to go.
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb	None, it's already lit fam.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable	AIDS
How are Michael Jackson and Starfish Tuna similar	They both come in little cans.
How do you test for pregnancy in Harlem	See if the tampon's cotton was picked.
How did Helen Keller burn her face	She answered the waffle iron. How did she burn the other side? They called back.
How do you get a fat girl into your bed	Piece of cake.
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb	One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
How does a frog fasten two objects together	Rivets.
How do you prove triangles congruent with attitude	Do it with SAS.
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex	(Polish version)(NSFW) Wipe your dick on the window curtains.
How many catholics does it take to change a lightbulb	CHANGE?!
How do you jerk off a sprinter	Pull a fast one.
How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris	Nobody knows because they've never tried
How many perverts does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one. But it takes the whole ER to get it out.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Hippies screw in vans.
Q: How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time	Cholera, bitch.
How many ants does it takes to fill an apartment	Ten-ants
How do Africans carry Ebola	In large baskets balanced on top of their heads.
How do Germans tie their shoes	In little nazis
How many friendzoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They'll just compliment it and get pissed when it doesn't screw.
How do you divide old Rome	Using a pair of Caesars.
How amazing is Michael Phelps	He's got like a Brazilian Medals.
How do I know when my girlfriend is having an orgasm	... My hormones
Q: How do you know when a trumpet player is at your door	A: The doorbell shrieks!
Q: How are Boris Becker and President Clinton  alike	A: Both aren't as successful when they're not on grass.
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.	Two. One to screw it in and the other to take credit for it.
How many r/jokes redditors does it take to change a lightbulb	Answer is 2. One to change the lightbulb while the other screams ""REPOST
How many meateaters does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they would rather stay in the dark
How many defensive coordinators does it take to screw in a light bulb	Zero. You can't fit a hairless ten-year-old inside a light bulb.
How do you find Ronald McDonald in a room full of naked clowns	The Sesame Seeds on his buns. (According to my father this is the first joke I ever told, around 5yo.)
How do you make a sports science major cry	Remind them that high school is over.
How did the feminist die	Alone
How can you spot the blind guy on a nude beach	It's not hard.
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One.
How much does a hipster weigh	One instagram.
How much does a hipster weigh	One instagram!
How does Robin hood send messages around  Sherwood Forest	By tree mail!
How is a Ska band the opposite of a rhinocerus	Horns in the back Asshole up front.
Q: How can you make a slow horse fast	A: Don't give him any food.
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a light bulb	2...and don't ask me how they got in there. (My 87 year old grandma just told me this one)
How can you tell the difference between normal and self-raising flour	One has parents
How did the Royal Navy attract so many recruits	They were impressive!
How many pepes does it take to change a lightbulb	One.
How does the mummy plan to destroy Superman	He's going to lure him into the crypt tonight.
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen take	Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.
How does Harry Potter do web design	Inspecto Elemento
How do you starve a black man	Put his food stamps in his work boots.
How do you brainwash a liberal	Give him an enema
How do pianists remember which groceries to buy	They use a Chopin Liszt!
How are you going to celebrate 9-11	I go to the tallest tower in my city. Call up a pizza place and order two large planes.
How do rabbis make money off of circumcisions	They get to keep the tips.
How do mathematicians deal with constipation	They work it out with a pencil.
How is a Silver Medal and a Priest the same	They both came in a little behind.
How do you know Putin is late for Thanks Giving	He's Russian to Turkey.
How do you make an elephant float	A can of coke, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and an elephant.
How do black people make fruit salad	They mix watermelon and grape soda. (On a side note, I'm not racist. I just think black people and racist jokes are funny.)
How was the hamburger murdered	First it was 'rolled' then smothered in onions
How do you catch a unique rabbit	You 'neek up on it. Wanna know how to catch a tame rabbit too?  The tame way.
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell out of it!
How do you make holy water	You boil the hell out of it.
How does Darts Vader eat spaghetti	With the force and knife.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense for 24 hours	I'll tell you the answer tomorrow.
How do you make a Kleenex dance	Put a little ""boogie"" in it.
How do you get a date on Tinder	Seriously guys, I've been trying for months so if anyone have any useful tips it would be much appreciated.
How many Scientologists does it take to change a light bulb	None: the light bulb must find $80,000 to become clear, then it will have the self-determination to change itself.
How many saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just one. But it takes 3 episodes.
How do you make a rabbit stew	Keep it waiting.
How come NASCAR drivers don't get along with each other	Because they're racists. (Race-ists)
How many babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I don't know. I broke the lightbulb after I threw the first one :(
How come the Welsh can't keep track of how many they've had sex with with	Well, they start counting, but they fall asleep before they're finished.
How do you know it's time to do the dishes	Look in your pants, if you see a penis, it's not time yet.
How did the prostitute get promoted	She slept her way to the top!
How did the Roman cut his hair	Caesar
How many surreal artists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Three, one to hold the giraffe, and one to put the clocks in the bath tub.
How do you know you're drinking too many protein shakes	You've had whey too much!
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb	Juan
How do you die by heroin	When you are the villain
How do you measure a Lego minifigure's shoe size	In square feet.
How long does it take Han Solo to screw in a light bulb	less than twelve parsecs.
How many Hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Some obscure number... you've probably never heard of it.....
How to convert QT3.14 into GF format	Sorry, this option is not available in Beta version.
How did Helen Keller break her hands	Reading road signs at 30 MPH
How is American beer similar to having sex in a canoe	It's fucking close to water. (A Canadian just told me this joke)
How do you make a pheromone	Tell him, ""Let my people go.
How many heroin addicts does it take to change a lightbulb	Four. One to hold the lightbulb and three to smoke until the room starts spinning!
How Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex	Threesome.
How do you find will smith in a snow storm	Follow the fresh prints
Q: How do you make a peanut laugh	A: You crack it up.
How does Lady Gaga like her meat	Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah
How many Feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One. Men can be Feminists, too.
How many Persona fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Two. 1 to screw it in, and 1 to complain that it's not dark enough.
How many blondes does it take to change a light bulb	They don't change it, they just take forever to find where to fit the batteries
How does a Mexican build a house	Juan nail at a time.
How do al-Qaeda like their toast	Bean-laden
How do you know a Black woman is pregnant	The cotton in her tampon is picked
How to spot a blind guy in a nudist colony	It ain't hard.
How can you tell you are in a math teacher's garden	All the trees have square roots.
How do you blind an Asian	With dental floss.
How did the hipster burn his tounge	He bit into his flat bread before it was cool!
How do you get people to pirate an album	Release it on TIDAL
How do you keep a clown from laughing	Hit him in the face with an axe.
How can you spell too much with two letters	XS (excess).
How many French words has the Turkish language recently adopted	Beaucoup.
How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for Christmas	He felt his presents.
How did the turtle call his friends	...on his shellphone
How can you help a starving cannibal	Give him a helping hand.
How Many Jews Does It Take To Open A Door	Obviously more than 6 million...
How do you get a woman to stop texting you	Reply to her message within a minute
How does an SJW screw in a light-bulb	Zir holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around zirself.
How does the alchemist please his wife	Elixir!!!!!
How do you impregnate a nun	You fuck her.
How do you cook toilet paper	You brown it on one side, then throw it in the pot!
How to go indigenous.... http://m.youtube.com/watch	v=b1jklUhG1y8
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	One. Unless it's a black bulb then he calls for backup.
How does Sean Connery shave	Ctrl+esh
How are Joeffrey Baratheon and wheat related	They're both in-bread.
How you call a girl that doesnt do blowjobs	You simply don't call her.
How attractive are skeletons	They're drop dead gorgeous!
How do you weight a fish	With a scale.
How does a coffee maker know it might be pregnant	It's period is a little LATTE.
How do dragons in Antarctica stay warm	They always have several lairs.
How many ""suh dudes"" does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. It's already lit fam.
How does a Jew make beer	He brews.
How heavy is a photon	I don't know, but it's probably light-weight
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.
How can you tell that you're getting old	You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
How does a white lady fix a flat tire	She buys a new car.
How can you tell if a post on r/Jokes is unoriginal	It makes the front page.
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb	Just one, but it takes the entire emergency room to get it out.
How are butter and a prostitute similar	They both spread for bread
How many musos does it take to change a lightbulb	It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Apparently more than 5, as my basement is still dark
How Many A Cappella Singers Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb	Twelve. Three to Physically Change the Bulb, Three to Talk About How Complicated it Was and Six to Call themselves Electricians.
How did the farmer feel after he ripped his clothing	Let's just say he felt overall sadness.
How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb	One can't, but two can.
How do you break up an Arab Bingo game	Yell B-52.
How could the dolphin afford to buy a  house	He prawned everything !
How do you blow up an Indian	Press the red button on their forehead.
How do you make a pole angry	Deport him.
How do you trigger a feminist	You've got male.
How do you tell jokes	Repost :(
How did the astrologer cross the road	In his Taurus!
How did Lex Luthor hide his money laundering from superman	He used a krypton-currency.
How do you access a watersports/golden shower porn site if you don't know the URL	You just use the IP address
How many boring guys does it take to screw in a light bulb	One
How do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts	Puppymonkeybaby
How do you put a baby into a small bowl	Put it in the blender first How do you get it out? Tortilla chips
How did Harry Potter get down the hill...	Walking... Jk Rowling.
How does a woman know she's sleeping with a forklift driver	He beeps twice before coming through the flaps.
How do you find a black person	Guilty as charged.
How do you know when a vampire is sick	He starts coffin...
How do gold diggers get you to be with them	They use their booby traps
How did Hitler tie his shoes	In little nazis. Oldie but still good.
How does an elephant hide in the jungle	It paints its balls red and climbs up a cherry tree. What's the loudest noise in the jungle? A giraffe eating cherries.
How can you tell when someone does crossfit	Don't worry, they'll tell you.
How many Chiropractors does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, but they'll take 30 visits to do it.
How do you make the king leer	Put the queen in a bikini! (From krusty the klown)
How many plates do you need to draw a picture	Tenplates
How do you become a millionaire in post-Brexit UK	First, start off with a billion pounds..
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	HOW THE FUCK WOULD YOU KNOW? YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!!
How many chains does it take to enslave a black person in the twenty-first century	Two Chainz.
How can you tell the difference between the real Jesus and a picture of him	The picture doesn't scream when you hang it.
How can you get a million dollars in a week	Start with 10 million and become a day-trader.
How is a Mac like a Queen's guard	They're both run by Unix.
How did the drunk Irish man lose 30$	He bet 10$ on the soccer game and 20$ on the replay.
How do you annoy a Reddittor	Repost
How can you tell if you are looking at a police glow-worm	He has a flashing light.
How does Mario talk to the dead	With a luigi board. Made this joke up about 10 years ago while trying to think of terrible laffy taffy jokes.
How would I describe myself in three words	Eats anything. Beyonce.
How do you know if someone truly loves fast food	It has a special place in their hearts
How is a rabbit like a plum	They're both purple except for the rabbit.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb	You'd think it was some really obscure number, but it's just one, ironically.
How do you find a girl with no legs	Follow the slime trail.
Q: How are an elephant and a plum the same	A: They're both purple, except for the elephant.
How can you tell that a politician lies	His lips are moving
How does Super Mario contact his dead brother	Using a Luigi board!
How does a lawyer sleep	First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other. Credit: Nicholas Sparks from his book 'See Me' which I am reading now.
How did the redneck find the sheep in the tall grass	?... Very satisfying...
How do windmills feel about renewable energy	They're pretty big fans
How the fight started Wife : Going for a walk, do you want anything	Me : How about a newspaper. Wife : OK, which one? Me : Today's.
How do you stop black kids from jumping on the bed	Put velcro on the ceiling.
How to make a hormone	Don't pay her
How many tickles does it take to make an octupus laugh	Ten tickles.
How do you piss off an entire community with one word	[Deleted]
How many feminists does it takes to change a lightbulb	One. ###And it's NOT funny!!!
How did jesus get so fit	He did lots of cross fit
how do you confuse a masterbator	32
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart	When she starts off by saying, ""A man once told me....
How do you call it when you get a eMail from a Women	FeMail.
How do you make people lose faith in this sub	This.
How do you circumcise a whale	You need four skin divers
How do you start a Mexican bedtime story	Juans upon a time.
How does god receive prayers	knee-mail
How many people does it take to make a joke on /r/Jokes	Three. One to post it, one to make a better punchline in the comments, and one to repost it the next day.
How does NASA organize their company parties	They planet.
How can you tell a Minnesota hockey fan	Ask him what color the blue line is and wait. It may take him ten  minutes to answer.
How many people of a certain ethnicity does it take to change a lightbulb	10, one to change the lightbulb; the other nine to act in a manner stereo-typically associated with said ethnicity.
How did Canada get its name	C eh, N eh, D eh.
How do you make a song better using cement	By remixing it.
How many Hillary Clinton fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. Hillary Clinton fans prefer to stay in the dark.
How do you know when your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit..
How can a girl make you a millionnaire	If you're already a billionnaire.
How did the rabbit know his wife was cheating on him	He found a hare in his bed.
How does it feel to crash a rental car	It Hertz.
How do you encourage a bartender	That's the spirit!"" How do you discourage a bartender? Boos.
How many bees do you need in a bee choir	A humdred !
How can you tell the difference between a  monster and a banana	Try picking it up. If you can't it's either a monster or a giant banana.
How do you know if an Asian is depressed	All around them are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces.
How many men does it take to make  popcorn	Four one to hold the pot and three to act macho and shake the  stove.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb	None! The room's been dark ever since Jose got deported!
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart	When she starts her sentence with, ""A man once told me...
How do you spell a hated opponent with three letters	NME (enemy).
How many ears does Spock have	Three The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear
How many politicians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Not sure, first they have to figure out which way to spin it.
How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck if a Woodchuck Could Chuck Norris	*All of it.* *All of the wood.*
How is Daniel Craig a policeman	He is in Spectre (Inspector)
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	No amount of feminists can change a light bulb, because feminists can't change anything.
How come we never see hideous fish men around any more	Dagon.
How can you tell if your wife is dead	The sex is the same, but the dishes start piling up.
How many dead memes does it take to change a lightbulb	Twenty-one.
How do you answer the door Mathematically	Door: ""What is 2+2?"" Me: ""4"" Door: ""Cool!
How do you starve a black guy	Hide his food stamps under his work boots.
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.	Three. One to screw it in and the second to take credit for it. And the other to repeat it.
How do you make a dog meow	Put him in a wood chipper and listen to him go ""meeeeowwww"".
How do telepaths have an orgasm	They get their mind blown
How do you have a rave in Greece	Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Seriously, how many blondes? Need to know ASAP.
How do blind people know where to find Braille signs on walls and doors	They just have a feel for that kind of thing.
How do you make a napkin dance	You put a little boogie in it.
How warm is the inside of a tauntaun	Luke warm
How is using the Pirate Bay like hiring a prostitute	Only nerds brag about doing it
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Ten. One to change the lightbulb and nine to blog about how empowering it was.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None. They already did it before it was cool.
How can you tell if your roommate is gay	His dick tastes like shit.
How many SRSers does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They wait for the electrician to make a mistake and yell at them for doing it wrong.
How much space does fungi need to grow	As mushroom as possible :)
How do you hold your liqour	I hold mine by the ears.
How did the hipster burn his fingertips	He was changing the lightbulb before it was cool. [rimshot]
How do landscapers keep their seams from ripping	Well let me tell you; They don't beat around the bush! They nip it in the bud and use Hem-Lock!
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	just 2.
How do astronauts make a party	They planet.
How many kids do you think Wolverine has	Because a vasectomy would heal in seconds and he doesn't look like he'd wear a rubber or pull out.
how did mario find a ghost	He used a luigi board.
How is it called when you get a blowjob from Oliver Queen	arrow head
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, it's already lit hahaha asuhhhh dude
Q: How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast	A: They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were  leaving.
Q: How do you know if a chef is a clown	A: The food tastes funny.
How do you tell if you're a real gangster	Take a blud test [OC]
how do you starve a black person	the same way you would a white person.... you racist.
How about an app that keeps track of every working automatic paper towel dispenser in the world	All seven or eight of them.
How do we know God isn't black	Because then he would've said ""I is who I is
How did the possessed lady lose weight	Diet and exorcise.
How do you spell 'way' with an 'f'	There's no 'f' in way
Q: How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb	A: Only one - but the guitarist has to show him first.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Trick question, feminists cant change anything!
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb	One but he must consult the DSM-IV.
How do you stop a lawyer from drownng	Shoot him before he hits the ground
How do Emo kids reward themselves	Gold Scars. I'll see myself out.
How do you make a tissue dance	You blow a little boogie in it.
How do you catch a rabbit	Hide behind a tree and make carrot sounds.
How do you stump an archaeologist	Hand them a used tampon and ask what period it comes from.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb	Lets go ride bikes!
How did cancer order it's fries	Metastasized.
How many Soviets does it take to change a light bulb	None! In Soviet Russia, light bulb changes you!
How Many Karma Whores does it take to change a light bulb	If this gets 500 upvotes i'll tell you!
How can you tell Oriental Dynasties are obese	Because they have hundreds of Qins
How do you know if you have a high sperm count	Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows.
How do Australians breathe	They exhale
How did the hour and minute hands of the clock get cancer	Second hand smoking! My own joke that I've been meaning to put up for a while. Time to see how it goes haha.
How can you tell if a lesbian is butch	She kick starts her vibrator and rolls her own tampons :D
How are a sword maker and the Fresh Prince of Bel Air alike	They're both black smiths
How long do black women need to bring the garbage out	About 9 month.
How do canibals eat victims with Parkinson's disease	Shake n bake
How do you get a pool player off your porch	Pay him for the pizza.
How do you cut the sea in half	With a seesaw (I'll see myself out)
How do you kill a guy with a coconut allergy	You put a bounty on his head.
How do you call a lesbian, black, Canadian woman	With a phone.
How many penises it takes to satisfy president Obama	One, his own.
How do you get the GOP to support universal healthcare	Make it for *White* people only.
How do stones stop moths eating your clothes	Because rolling stones gather no moths !
How do you find a blind man on a nude beach	It is not hard.
How difficult is it to live with erectile dysfunction	It turns out, it's not very hard at all
How many	How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but I have no idea how they got in there.
How do you know a guitarist is sad	They start to fret.
How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive	Give them a test-tickle
How did the shattering glass get everyone's attention	Let me be loud and clear!
How did Ellen Pao get her job as CEO or Reddit	[Deleted]
How do you confuse a gay	Seven
How did Stevie Wonder respond when asked how he coped with being blind	At least I'm not black.
How did Jared lose 40lbs	He dumped his girlfriend.
How many Jews can you fit in a vw	55. 2 in the front, 3 in the back and 50 in the ashtray
How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb	Lol they can't change anything
How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/AskScience question	[removed]
How do New Zealander's find sheep in long grass	Delightful
How did hitler like his women	just like his swastikas. No curves
How do footballers send messages	By referee-mail.
How many consultants does it take to screw in a lightbulb	I'm not sure but I'll have an answer for you next Monday.
How do you make a horomone	You refuse to pay her Courtesy of my grandmother
How does a black girl know shes pregnant	When all the cotton is picked off her tampon.
How do you kill a hipster	You drown him in the mainstream.
How do you get four old ladies to shout ""Fuck""	Get the fifth one to yell, ""Bingo!
How do you kill a blonde	Give them a gun an say it is a blow dryer
How can you tell when a white guy is about to tell a joke	He glances over his shoulder.
How much does a Hipster weigh	An Instagram.
How many members of a particular ethnic minority does it take to change a lightbulb	A: Enough to reinforce my negative stereotype about them.
How many biologists does it take to change a light bulb	Four. One to change it and three to write the environmental-impact statement.
How do we know that the toothbrush was invented in Mississippi	Because anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush
How to have an unforgettable date	1. Have a date. 2. Try not to forget it.
How many seconds are in a year	Only 12. One for every month.
How do you make a fire with two sticks	You make sure one is a match !
How did I avoid getting hit by a Wfay	I got the f out of the way.
How do you get two elephants into a refrigerator	You put the female in first, and the male will walk in and close the door. (As told by my Materials Science professor)
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light-bulb	to get to the other side...
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm	You look for the fresh prints.
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is	They don't but all eggs always fit.
How many Mexicans does it take to pave a driveway	Six, if you slice them thin enough.
How do you quadruple the capacity of a gay bar	Turn all the stools upside down. (Not trying to offend anyone, just a raunchy joke I heard from my GFs dad)
Q: How do you sink a Polish ship	A: Put it in water.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus	Ten- tickles FTW!
How to pass a very difficult exam	Change your name to time, time always passes no matter what
How did the chewing gum cross the road	By sticking to the chicken's foot.
How do you make a blonde laugh at Easter	Tell her a joke at Christmas
How did the redneck find his sister in the woods	Pretty good.
How did a Hispanic farmer propose to his girlfriend	With arroz.
How do you pick up a jew	With a dustpan of course!
How do you make hard cider	Put it in the freezer.
How did Helen Keller's parents punish her	Wash her hand out with soap. ... rearranged the furniture. ... put her in a round room and told her to go sit in the corner.
How many elves does it take it screw in a lightbulb	Two, but they have to be very small.
How can you tell when Mitt Romney is lying	His mouth is moving.
How many Mormons does it take to drink a 12 pack of beer	One if nobody is watching.
How does a baby Wookie get around	Ewoks
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb	To get to the other side.
How do you stop an elephant from charging	Vivisection.
How do you make a salad wrap	By adding some beets
How do you make an ugly baby	Ask your parents.
How do telepaths have an orgasm	They get their mind blown.
How many joules does it take to fry a Jew	Nein joules.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. He just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around him.
How does a train eat	It goes chew-chew.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb	None. The light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
How do you call blue cow	Freak..
How do you tell a domesticated cat from a wild one	The domesticated doesnt have balls
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snowplow	Give her a shovel
How do rednecks celebrate Halloween	Pump Kin
How does Australians have sex	They mate
How often do scientists check the element table	Periodically...
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer	Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
How are Clinton scandals like Pokemon	You'll never catch 'em all!
How are parsley and pubic hair similar	You push them both aside and start eating.
How do Chinese people name their babies	Throw them down the stairs and see what sound they make.
How does Steve Irwin open a lock made of tears	With a ""Cry-key!
How do you fix a broken pumpkin	With a pumpkin patch!
How do you insult a Catholic	Any way you like, they have to forgive you!
How do you annoy a computer person with a problem	Never mind, I figured it out.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb	5 1 to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the ladder.
how do you make 7 even	remove the ""s
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	You follow the fresh prints
How does a poor man watch TV	with binoculars. u know, he has to watch whatever the neighbours are watching.
How many disappointments can you fit into a van	I don't know, I can't get them outside of the house.
How many US Congress members does it take to change a lightbulb	Only one. They just hold it still and wait for the world to revolve around them.
How did Harry Potter make it to the bottom of the hill	By walking... jk rolling
How do Etheopians celebrate their first birthday	By putting flowers on the grave
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb	None. They just beat the room for being black. (Just an old one I knew, not sure how common..)
How many Polacks does it take to screw in a lightbulb	5, one to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the ladder.
How do Polish dogs get bumps on their heads	Chasing parked cars.
How did the farmer grow his portfolio	Cornstock
How do you know if someone is a vegan	They tell you.
How was copper wire invented	Two Jews found the same penny!
How was copper wire invented	Two Jews found the same penny.
How is a man like the weather	Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag	Take the S out of safe and the F out of way..
How do you get a Kansas alumni off your porch	pay him for the pizza.
how do you start a rave in Ethiopia	you put a piece of bread on the ceiling
How are girlfriend like cults	You have to prove your devotion before you're welcomed into the folds.
How would you describe Al Gore playing the drums	Algorithm.
How do you know if you cat's got a bad cold	He has cat-arrh !
How do yo get to Sesame Street	Unzip my pants and ask big bird
How do assassins pay for stuff on the internet	hitcoin
How do you make the best Harlem Shake video	You throw a flashbang into a room of epileptic children.
how would u like your steak sir	we've got rare, ultra rare, legendary, fossil, or u can try and catch your own steak in the safari zone
How do you get down from an elephant	You don't. You get down from a goose.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	**YOU DONT KNOW YOU WEREN'T THERE!**
How does the rabbi make his tea	He-brews it
How do we know God's not a woman	We're not sandwiches.
how do you circumcise a hillbilly	you kick his sister in the jaw. yee haw!!
How many doors are on a chicken coop	Two. If it had four, it would be a sedan.
How do you catch a one of a kind bird	Unique up on it. Welcome to kindergarten.
How many black people does it take to shingle a roof	? One....but you gotta slice him reeeeeaaaalllllll thinnnnnnnnnnnnn.....
How many vegans does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One to get up on his high horse and another to chastise the first about oppressing horses.
How did alien defeat predator	Hi, why don't you have a seat right over there please..
How are AIDS researchers like Jews	There's a lot less of them than there used to be...
How does a duck swim from one side of the pond to the other	Very Quackly
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ	.. the hotdogs taste like shit.
How do you catch a polar bear	First dig an ice hole. Then put a whole bunch of little green peas on the outside, and when the polar bear comes to take a pee you kick him in the ice hole.
How much does a hipster weigh	An instagram.
How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb	Obviously not 8, because its still dark in my basement.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb	only one but it takes him 5 episodes.
How do you tell the difference between a male chromosome and a female chromosome	You pull down their genes!
How do you confuse a polish laborer	Lay down three shovels and tell him to take his pick.
How many theoretical physicists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two, one to hold the bulb and one to rotate the universe.
How do you cheer up a brand new battery	Remind him that he's full of untapped potential!
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
How do you top a car	tep on the brake, tupid!
How much poutine was left after the hockey game	Nunavet
How do you stop a lawyer from drowning	Shoot him before he hits the water.
How to make your wife take care while driving	Tell her that if she meets with a serious accident, the newspaper will have to print her age.
How does Princess Leia masturbate	Hand Solo
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb	3/5
How do make a gay guy fuck a woman	How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman? - Shit in her cunt.
How do blind people know they're finished wiping after a bowel movement	They taste blood on the TP.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb	Not zri, but fuehrer.
How do you know your sister's having her period	Your dad's dick tastes weird.
How can you tell if your dog is gay	If he's sucking another dogs dick in the back of a gay dog night club.
How does Frodo make his own food	Through Frodosynthesis
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb	A: He doesn't. He declares darkness the industry standard.
How do Jamaicans pronounce bacon	The same way British people pronounce beer can.
How do you know that Hindu woman is into you	Her diode starts flashing green.
How do you get a polar bear in the water	First, you cut a hole in the ice, then you sprinkle some pees around the hole. When the polar bear goes to take a pee, you kick him in the ice hole!
How do you make your wife a dildo	Stick her fingers up your butt.
How much does a pirate pay for corn	A buccaneer
How do you make a rave party in Africa	You stick a piece of bread on the ceiling.
How did realism get me banned from Facebook	I sided with cancer on the ""Kids VS Cancer"" page.
How do you know when your girlfriend is putting on too much weight	She starts fitting into your wife's clothes
How accurate is the bible	Very!! Especially when thrown from a short distance...hits the target almost always.
How did the dog get into the locked cemetery at night	He used a skeleton key.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall	[NSFW? ] It depends on how hard you throw them.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb	Just one to tell the three illegal immigrants he hired to do it.
How many monastic women does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None... they live an ascetic lifestyle and prefer to not use electricity.
How do you leave a bunch of idiots in suspense	I'll tell you guys tomorrow
How do we know God is not a woman	Because the Earth is not a sandwich!
How did the Mexican greet people in Hawaii	Ahola.
How do you circumscize a redneck	By kicking his sister's jaw.
How many calories do you get from eating pussy	It depends on which way she wipes her ass.
How did the jury find the hamburger	Grill-ty as charred!
How to know she's the one	Jerk off twice and if you still wanna jerk off, then She is.
How did the butcher introduce his wife	Meet Patty
How do you make a tissue dance	You put a little boogie in it. :)
How to tell if someone has Rhotacism	Ask them to pronounce it.
[Job Interview] How would you describe your time management skills	Me: Can we talk about this later? I'm late for an appointment.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb	Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything!
How can you make a basset hound fast	Take away its food!
How do you know if your neighbor voted for Trump	They've got a big burning ""t"" in their yard.
How can you tell your roommate is of the gay	His dick tastes like shit
Q: How can you identify a computer that has been in use at the Clinton White House	A: There is White-out on the screen.
How'd the hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was cool.
How do five gay guys walk	In one direction.
How do you say ""constipated"" in German	Farfrompoopin'
How did Harry Potter get down the hill	Walked...... J.k. Rolling!
How do you feel about euthanasia	I think we can exploit them by increasing our amount of sweatshops.
How do you make a little girl cry twice	You rub your bloody dick on her teddy bear.
How did the Idiot break his arm while raking leaves	He fell out of the tree.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count	Your girlfriend has to chew before she can swallow,
How do you shoot a great white shark	Hold his nose until he turns blue and then you shoot him with a blue  shark spear gun!
How do you get an anorexic chick in bed	Well, it ain't a piece of cake.
How do you weigh a Hipster	In instagrams
Q: How is lightning like a violist's fingers	A: Neither one strikes in the same place twice.
How do you get elected president of my pants	By the vote of the Erectional College...
How long does it take to cook a baby in a microwave	I dont know. I was too busy masturbating!
How is an undergraduate degree like a pedophile	A minor makes both of them hard
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb	None. They just beat the room for being black.
How many developers does it take to change a light bulb	None. That's a hardware problem.
How do you keep idiots in suspense	......
How do you feel if subjected to temperatures of absolute zero	0K
How does one refer to intentionally harming the national bird of the U.S	It's an ill-eagle activity
How do you get Peekachu on a bus	You Pokemon
How do you figure out if Will Smith committed a crime	Dust for Fresh Prints! (i this version better than any snowstorm b.s.)
How many men does it take to change a light bulb	Not all of them.
How do you make an elephant float	Take one elephant, two tons of ice cream, and one ton of soda. Blend.
How did I get out of Iraq	Iran
How much equations does it take to finish a math test	Only Sum
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb	Potato
How do you make a plumber cry	Kill his family.
How does a man show he's planning for the future	He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
How's your Mom's cherry pie taste	Meh.. It's Oedipal
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, they can't change anything.
How does Albus get into Hogwarts	Through the Dumble-door
How many /r/jokes reposts does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Apparently a lot, because that lightbulb still isn't screwed in.
How much does the average introvert weigh	Not enough to break the ice.
How did Will Smith get caught for committing 1st degree murder	He left fresh prints all over the scene.
Q: How many Arians does it take to change a  lightbulb	A: Only one Arian but an awful lot of light bulbs.  (*smash*)
How did the greeks separate the men from the boys	With a crowbar.
How many moles are in a guacamole	Avacado's number.
How to have sex How do you get a gay man to have sex with a female	You fill her cunt up with shit.
How do you confuse an irishman	Lean 3 shovels against the wall and tell him to take his pick.
Q: How do you tell when your lead singer is at  the door	A: He can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.
How did the florist act after getting her dream job	Got so excited she wet her plants.
How Did the Janitor Get Rich	Sweepstakes.
How do you get a white trash girl to suck your dick	Dip it in ranch dressing.
How do you react when looking in the mirror	You cry because you shoved a cactus up your peckar.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	None they just beat up the room for being black.
How many Jersey girls does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. They'll screw anything
How did harry potter get down the hill	Walking, Jk rowling
How many conspiracy theorists does it take to change a light bulb	Nobody knows. Except me.
How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb	None, let the bitch do the ironing in the dark.
How does Jaden Smith keep getting roles in big movies	Where there's a Will, there's a way.
How do you get Reddit to go ape-shit	Tell a domestic violence joke.
How about a really bad food court where planes land	Pitch for every airport
How Does a Racist Joke Start	With a small million dollar loan from his father.
How was the Grand Canyon formed	A jew lost a penny there.
how do I play farmville on this fuckin site	This fuckin blows
How does a vampire clean his house	With a victim cleaner.
How do you comfort a grammar nazi	Their, they're, there.
Q: How many retarded Italian gardeners does it take to screw in a lightbulb	A: One but don't expect results.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have	3: a left ear, a right ear and a final frontier. (Courtesy of my dad)
How do you make a cat go ""woof""	Douse it in gasoline and toss it in a fire.
How do you make holy water	Boil the hell out of it
How do you give a lemon an orgasm	You tickle its citrus. (all credit to the movie *The Descent*)
How can a room full of couples be empty	There isn't a single person left! Bwahahahahaha
How do you help a Jew with ADHD	Send him to a concentration camp.
How many engineers do you need to change a lightbulb	You can take as many as you want but they will only give you the screwing direction.
How is Ellen Pao so good at driving Reddit into the ground	I thought Asian women couldn't drive &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
How does a gay religious terrorist spend his vacation in Cuba	Infidel Castro
How many Italians can you fit in a bathtub	Don'tworryaboutit.
How many virgins does take to change a lightbulb	Obviously more than 72, or all those suicide bomber would have seen the light.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	It doesn't matter because they can't change anything.
Q: How Do You Tell 2 Scottsmen Apart	A: You lift their kilts, and whichever one has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!!
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just two. The trouble's getting them in there.
How do you know if someone's a pilot	because they'll fucking tell you.
How does the Easter Bunny keep his ears standing straight up	He uses Hare Spray... (Ill see myself out)
How should justice be brought about on criminal semites	By judge and jew-ry.
How do we get rid of Ebola	Put all the infected on a Malaysian Airplane
How do you make Holy Water	You boil the Hell out of it.
How man Jews can you fit in a Mercedes	A few thousand. They all fit in the ashtray
How did LaKeisha's Mom finally stop her from bouncing on the trampoline in the rec room	She put a piece of velcro on the ceiling.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	- That's not funny
How does a Chinese cat say hello	Mi Hao.
How can you tell when you're in a ring of fire	When you reach for the Preparation H and accidentally grab the Ben-Gay
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	2, but they have to be very small.
How do salespeople traditionally greet each other	Hi. Nice to meet you. I'm better than you.
How'd you get a black eye	Walked into a door. [Later, another shiner] More doors? *nods* One does not simply walk into more doors.
How would you describe the typical Inuit mathematician	Cold and calculating.
How does Jerry Seinfeld play ice hockey	With his Shtick.
How many communists does it take to change a light bulb	Two. One guy to screw in the light bulb, and the other guy to shoot him if he doesn't do it right.
How does a one armed man row a boat	In a circle.
How many Vietnam Vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb	YOU DON'T KNOW MAN!!!! YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!
How are black people similar to tornadoes	They both only take one to ruin a neighborhood.
How do you make an orange turn red	Get John Boehner to cry.
How many Muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Allah them
How would you rate USA and Saudi Arabia's relationship	9/11
How can you tell when you're in a bad strip club	It's not hard.
How do you know that your girlfriend has been cheating on you with a black guy	When she takes the tampon out and all of the cotton's gone
How does Bono spell ""color""	With or without ""u
How do you turn soup to gold	Add 24 carrots
How do you find Calvin Broadus Jr's darkest secrets	You Snoop, Dogg.
How many ska kids does it take to change a light bulb	Three; one to drop the bulb and two to yell ""pick it up pick it up!
How to seduce a fat person	Piece of cake
How much business does an Amish prostitute get	Ten Mennonite
how do you make a tissue dance	Put a little boogy in it.
How do you confuse a blonde	Give her a coloring book, and tell her to color in all the pages with a white crayon.
How do you tell the difference between a Fabric Designer and a Science Professor	Ask them to pronounce ""LATEX
How can you tell when your drowning in milk	When it gets pasteurise.
How does a faceless man from Braavos have an orgasm	By Jaqen off.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nude beach	Its not that hard
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone	Put it into airplane mode
How many illegals will it take to build Trump's wall	Too many to document.
How do you draw a scatter plot	You give the pen to michel j fox
How do you know when you should get a puppy	When life's getting a little ruff ...I'll see myself out
How do you turn a robot on	You push his power button.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb	Just Juan.
How do know if the person that you have just met is a DJ	They will tell you.
How did the Scarecrow win the award	He was outstanding in is field.
How much dessert does a dieting Jedi eat at an Italian restaurant	Only one cannoli.
How will an IT guy fix a lamp	He'll restart the nuclear power plant
[NSFW] How do you mount your virtual girlfriend	With a hard drive bae.
How did the hipster burn his tongue	He ate the pie before it was cool.
How do you kill a hipster	Drown them in the main stream.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Roll up her sleeves
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb	Only two, but I don't know how they get in there.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number	Roll up her sleeve.
How did the Hispanic secret agent introduce himself	Bondo. Jaime Bondo.
How does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout	... Eats his first Brownie!
How do you kill a bear without a weapon	With your bare hands.
How much do cosmetics sell for	Face value.
How do you convince America to join a war	Tell them its almost over
How do you know your sister's on her period	Your dad's cock tastes like blood.
How did Isis move from 5th wanted terrorist group to the most wanted terrorist group	They cut a head
How do Asian's name their children	Throw a frying pan down the stairs and listen to the sounds. *Ting tong tow*
How do you find Will Smith in the snow	Look for Fresh Prince!
How many Star Trek captains does it take to screw in a lightbulb	One, but there are FOUR LIGHTS!
How do I make my penis 12 inches long	By folding it in half.
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. One to fix the bulb and one to hold the penis. edit: LADDER I MEANT LADDER
How many SJWs does it take to screw in a light bulb	One. They hold it in place and expect the world to revolve around them.
How do you get a nun pregnant	You fuck her
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	Doesn't matter. All they do is complain that the lightbulb won't screw them
How does a rock star feel when he nails a groupie	Fan-fucking-tastic!
How do you confuse a straight person	LGBTQ+
How many Man U. fans does it take to change a lightbulb	One to change the lightbulb and one to drive down to Kent to pick him/her up.
How do you use calculus in real life	You integrate it
How do you keep an idiot busy for hours	[Click here to find out the answer.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2b57xv/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_busy_for_hours/)
How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb	I don't know, but it's at least 6, because my basement is still dark!!
How did the toilet paper beat the asshole in the election	With a smear campaign.
How many wife's does a catholic priest allowed to have	Nun
How did the programmer celebrate his birthday	var celebration = [""Hip"", ""Hip""];
How does Twitch (Streaming Site) Chat make money	Kappatalism!
Q: How do you make any watch a stopwatch	A: Don't wind it.
How many Jihadists does it take to change a light bulb	Allah them. (I googled several varations and thus far I believe I am the originator)
How to you call midget intercourse	Microtransaction
How do depressed people lighten' up	They drink bleach.
How did Mary fall off the swing	She had no arms
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb	None, because they can't climb the social ladder.
How do gay people float	Flambuoyancy.
How do French girls hold their liquor	By the ears
How do you embarrass an archaeologist	Give him a used tampon and ask him what period
How do you get a baby into a shoebox	A. With a blender. Q. How do you get a baby out of a shoebox? A. With a straw.
How did Bill and Hillary Clinton first meet	They were both dating the same girl in high school.
How did you find the weather at camp	It was easy. I just went outside - and there it was!
How do you make a plumber sad	You tell him that the princess is in another castle.
How do you describe people who tell ""I see dead people"" jokes	They have a sixth sense of humor
How do you call a whores pubic hair	Public hair Ill show myself out..
How does a psychiatrist like his sausages	Freud
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb	Two. But don't ask me how they got in there.
How do you get a hippie to jump off a cliff	Tell them it will ""cleanse toxins.
How do hobbit flowers grow	Through Frodo-synthesis.
How do u find an old man in the dark	Its not that hard
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg	Pick him up and suck his dick!!
How do you know a white person is about to tell a joke	He's looking over his shoulder
How can you tell you are dealing with an extroverted engineer	He's staring at somebody else's shoes.
How do you know when there's a rabbit in your  bed	You can smell the carrots on his breath.
How many non-compliant Germans does it take to change a light bulb	Nein!
How did they name Canada	They picked letters out of a hat: C eh, N eh, D eh.
How do you stop a dog humping your leg	Suck it off
How do memes go to the proms	In a lmaosine
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit	Nine months
How do black people get tans at the beach	They lay down on their backs and put their legs and arms toward the sky.
How can you reuse a condom	Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How do you study for a prostate exam	By cramming.
How did the blind man pass the eye exam	He just kept walking
How do women defy the laws of physics	The heavier they are, the easier to pick up!
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb	(None, they just beat the room for being black)
How do you greet a racist murderer	Good morning officer .
How many Friend Zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb	None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
How are children like eggs	They both taste better after you beat them.
How do you catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame rabbit? Tame way, unique up on it.
How long does an owl live	Six and a half books.
How did people know Patrick Stewart was crying	Because he bawled.
How many feminists do you need to replace a lightbulb	Only 1, she'll hold the bulb in place and wait while the world revolves around her.
How do you make a space party	You planet.
How do you keep a moron in suspense for 24 hours	I'll post the answer tomorrow.
How do you confuse a fish	You put it in a bowl and tell it go to a corner!
How did the Neanderthal dad teach his son how to wear underwear	Color coded: ""Yellow in front, brown in the back
How did the phone propose to his girlfriend	He gave her a ring.
How many..... How many alzheimers patients does it take to change a light bulb	To get to the other side
How many dead hookers do you need to replace a lightbulb	Atleast not three since my basement is still dark.
How do you get rid of a Reddit admin	Chooter
How did the elephant get out of the river	Wet
How is medusa like weed	She makes people stoned.
How do you get a witch pregnant	Ya fuck her.
How do you tell the difference between a physicist and a plumber	Ask them to say the word 'unionized'.
How does a virgin pop her cherry	by using a bottle opener
How did the explorer react when the which doctor turned him into a miniature ballsack	He was a little testie! Bump dump pshhh!
Q: How can you tell someone is a true music lover	A: When they even put their ear up to the bathroom keyhole.
How do you circumcise a redneck	Kick his sister's chin
How do you know a black guy's been at your computer	It's not there.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb	Some obscure number you probably never heard of.
