What do you do if a bird shits on your car	Don't ask her out again.
What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man	WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...	Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.
What do you call a barbarian you can't see	an Invisigoth.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic	Hasta last vista, baby.
What do you call a potato in space	Spudnik
What happens to a necrophiliac after death	Reserection
What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team	The New York jets.
What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms	One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.
What's the difference between a blonde and a washer	When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.
What's black, blue and doesn't look too well	Stevie Wonder
What did the car said to the valet	I've been through a lot.
What did the porn actress say when she opened the door	Make sure to come upstairs.
What did the hillbilly say to his sister after she asked him to have sex with her	If you incest.
What do grandparents smell like	Depends
What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common	They're both old.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	A do-think-he-saurus :) !! Lol What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex
What do you call a three-humped camel	Pregnant (Told to me by one of the kids at work)
What did the two tampons say to each other	Nothing, they're both stuck-up cunts.
What do you call Jay-Z having a leg transplant	A hip-hop hip op.
What defies the law of gravity	Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
What's the difference Donald Trump and my Vagina	One's a Cunt and the other has nice hair.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a supermarket trolley	A: The supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
What was the name of Paul Revere's favorite porno mag	The British are Coming
What did the wise man say to the fat guy	You should probably go on a diet.
What do you call a blonde in a BMW	Optional.
What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing	KKK Slider
What's the worse thing to do to a blind person	Leave a plunger in the toilet
What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend	Frisbae
What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar	Ew.
What's the best part of a pregnancy joke	The delivery.
What is the biggest compliment you can pay at a gay bar	Pushing in somebody's stool.
What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry	It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR
What did the gay guy say to his lover when they were going on vacation	Hey, can you help me pack my shit?
What's an extroverted accountant	One who looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his  own.
What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage	Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly
What happens when Turkeys get the common cold	They quit smoking.
What do gays and melons have in common	cantaloupe...
What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines	Panickin' Skywalker.
What do you call a green cow in a field	Invisibull.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to the gym manager when he was joining a new gym	I'll re-rack.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip-off.
What's a snakes favourite dance	The mamba !
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip-off!
What is the last thing that tickle-me elmo gets before he leaves the factory	Two test tickles
What do you get when you cross a sheep stealer with royalty	Mutton Looter King
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	..........Nothing you've already told her twice!
What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight	Make up sex.
What is the best advice to give a worm	Sleep late.
What's a sluts favourite drink	7 Up in Cider
What is the best part about having sex with 23 year olds	There's 20 of them. (Works better in person)
What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake	Get off me, homes.
What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator	Shut the door im dressing
What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room	You made the chain too long in the kitchen.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic	Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
What do you call a number that won't sit still	A roamin' numeral. :P
What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to	Elementary :)
What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast	Luftwaffles
What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like	a baaahhhd movie. (   )
What is a bear's favourite drink	Koka-Koala !
What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers	Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky	the fam copter
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun	Luke warm
What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door	A nun with a spear through her head.
What did the Marine Biologist say when he saw two eels making love	It's a Moray.
What's an STD's favorite kind of pizza	Heperoni
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing they were both stuck up cunts.
What do you call the retarded guy that follows the band around	The Drummer
What is the best thing about twenty six year olds	There are twenty of them
What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn	Grassy Ass!
What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse	An horse.
What do you call a Chinese conga line	A Chu Chu train
What the quickest way to a mans heart	Though his chest with a knife
What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to	Getting into a bit of a .tiff!
What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison	An escapea
What did the homeless person say to the gay job interviewer when asked for his address	No home-o.
What type of fruit is not allowed to get married	Cantaloupe...
What do you call going Doctor to Doctor... What do you call going Doctor to Doctor to figure out what your inflammatory bowel disease is called	A Game of Crohn's.
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man	The pizza can feed a family of 4.
What do you call a relaxed redneck	A chillbilly.
What is the term for a group of Canadians	Is it ""an apology""? ""Oh look, there goes an apology of Canadians
What's the difference between a computer and a woman	A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
What's the sharpest thing in the word	A fart. It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.
What's a con-artists favorite holiday	Scamentine's Day.
What do you call a small, noisy dog	A subwoofer.
What English King invented the fireplace	Alfred the grate !
What's a lumberjack's favorite director	TimBuuurrrrrrrton
What do golfers do on nights out	**par**ty.
What do Jesus and your mom have in common	They both got nailed all night.
What's the name of the best brewer in the world	Bock Goodale
What's the integral of 1/(cabin)	1 natural log cabin. I'll show myself out.
What's the only thing an Irish person can hold on to	A grudge.
What do you get if you cross Bossy with a vampire	Dracowla!
What does a sheep in denial say	Nahhhh
What Did the Upvote whore say to the Redditor	I'll suck yo dick for a Upvote
What did Asian Jesus say before he was crucified	(OC) YORO (You only resurrect once)
What is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's	The Iforgotto
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a voluptuous lobster	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. :D edit: funnier when said aloud
What do you call a group of chickens dressed up like crows	A murder most fowl. (I'll see myself out...)
what did cinderella do when she got to the ball	gag...
What was Hitler's last two words	Oy Vey!
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef stroganoff.
What did the hamburger say when it pleaded 'not guilty'	I've been flamed!
What do you call little kids in Belgium	Brusselsprouts
What's the difference between coriander and cumin	You can't coriander your pants.
What did Spock find in the Enterprise Bathroom	The Captain's Log.
What did Jay say when Adnan opened the trunk	Hae girl Hae
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer	Comet! =D
What happens when frogs park illegally	They get toad.
What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common	A sudden surge of seamen.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What's the hardest part about vaping	Telling your parents you're gay
What is Moby Dicks dad's name	Poppa Boner
What do you do when you find Michael J. Fox in your hot tub	.....Add your laundry.
What do black men find most shocking about sex	Tazers
What do you call two gay Irishmen	Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
What's the best kind of grass	Emo grass; the grass that cuts itself.
What is it called when you are on the edge of WiFi signal range	Router Limits!
What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan	Third time's the charm
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit the frog's finger
What do you call a bald porcupine	Pointless.
What do you do with old cannon balls	Give them to elephants to use as marbles !
What did the two tampons have in common	They were both stuck up bitches
What's better than two roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What happened when the girl dressed as a spoon left the Halloween party	No one moved. They couldn't stir without her.
What's the difference between wild Iranian Ossetra caviar and my penis	One is a delicacy (Deh-Lih-Cuh-See) and the other is a delicady (Deh-Lih-Cuh-Dee) Edit: The D
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, lying in a ditch	Phil
What do Shakespearian Buddhists eat for breakfast	Om and cheese Hamlets.
What does a slave driver do with his slaves when he's bored	He racism.
What did the farmer say when the police found the gate from the public footpath in his barn and accused him of stealing	That's not my stile.
What do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual Norse monarchs	The bikings.
What do you call a bald porcupine	Pointless!
What has 9 arms and sucks	Def Leppard!
What do you call a dumb elephant	Donald Trunk
What has 9 arms and sucks	Def Leppard.
What do you call a witch who kills her mother and father	An orphan.
What do you call bacteria that can swim fast	Micro Phelps.
What do you use to cut the ocean	A  seasaw
What do you call a black man who dies of heat exhaustion and a white guy that dies of a brain aneurysm	Different Strokes
What do you call an african american in a 3 piece suit	The defendant.
What do you call a German with a bad attitude	A sour Kraut.
What is the greatest intermolecular force of all time	Dipole, dipole, dipole, dipole, and dipole!
What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease	One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.
What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls	Sparky
What is nine inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night	Sudden Infant Death Syndrome
What's the best reason to date a pornstar	You never have to meet her father.
What does James Bond say after a heavy workout	I would like to have Whey. Shaken, not stirred.
What do you do with an elephant with three balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino. For non-Americans, this is a baseball joke
What do elephants do in the evenings	Watch elevision !
What do you call an inspiring jerk session	A stroke of genius!
What job do rabbits at hotels have	Bellhop.
what is the best way to smuggle drugs	In your dogs asshole. Should there be border control frisking, it will be perceived as two dogs plain wolfing
What did the snail say when he was riding on the back of the turtle	Weeeeeeeeee
What bees makes the best milk	Boob-bees And also this is my first time using Reddit and my account is only 30 minutes old by the time of this post so I have no idea what I am doing
What's a minister's favorite food	Tacos al pastor
What is the worse thing for a guy to say after sex	My name is Barry Allen
What's the difference between Jews and Santa	Santa goes down the chimney.
What do you call a hot day in Canada	A Nova Scorcha!
What did the old maid get the vasaline for	84 cents. Joke by my grandfather
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet	The winner of last year's hide &amp; go seek contest.
What do you call children born of ginger people	Ginger-bred
What is a name for a female lawyer	Sue
What Is Bluetooth	When your toothbrush stops working mid brushing
What do people call their grandmother in India	Naana
What Do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a Sheep	A WOOLY JUMPER :)
What do you call a dinosaur that raps about life	A philosorapper
What kind of cheese is made backwards	Edam.
What's the difference between Iceland and Ireland	A consonant.
What do toads drink	Croaka-cola !
What is the Pope's favorite type of woman	Nun
What kind of headphones are sold in 50 shades of grey	Beats
What do you get when you combine Avogadro's number of avocados	GuacaMole!
What do you call a computer that only plays sad songs	Adele
What do DNA and Diarrhea have in common	They both run in your jeans (genes)
What did the pirates say who stole Kim Kardashians jewelry	We wanted her booty!
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	(Slightly NSFW) A lick-a-lot-a-puss.
What do you call someone who discriminates you for your oral hygiene	A dent*ist*.
What do James Cameron and M. Night Shamylan have in common	Icy dead people.
Whats the difference between Santa Clause and me	Santa Only Cums Once A Year
What do my wife and a chest freezer have in common	The exterior is hot, but its cold as ice inside.
What did the mermaid do last Saturday night	She went out with the tide.
What do vegetables watch when they're horny	Corn
What do you call a donkey that falls into a pile of sugar	A Sweet Ass (   )
What do you feed a disappearing cat	Evaporated milk
What do you call it when a Cat wins a Dogshow	Cat-has-trophy. Such punny. Much Cringe.
What do we want	An end to auto-correct errors! When do we want it? Cow! Sow! Bow! Tow! Duck this!
Whats long, green, and smells like pork	Kermit's finger.
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef Strokenoff
What do you call a tight asshole	a noose
What does Lamar Odom have in common with a hooker	Excellent ball control.
What do you call a slutty camera	A loose Canon.
What do you call the most successful vasectomist in American history	American Snipper
What do you call a bowl full of leaves and epileptics	Seizure Salad.
What did Patrick Stewart say when he proposed to his wife	Engage.
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew	The boy scout returns home from the camp.
What happens when a Chinese man with a boner runs into a wall	He breaks his nose.
What do you call a ghost with a broken leg	Hoblin Goblin.
What's the Difference between like, love and showing off	? Spit, Swallow and Gargle
What did the sign convention management do to the woman who kept pulling down their long signs	Banner.
What's the definition of a redneck virgin	A 7 year-old girl who can run faster than her brothers.
What did Mr. Freeze do with his wife on their first date	Netflix and chill.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	[2 part] A pilot, you racist. What do you call a Japanese man who flies a plane? A pirate.
whats the secret service of Australia called	M8
What does a pirate call his idiot son	A retarrrrrd
What's the difference between a plumber and a scientist	Pronounce this word: unionized
What's the difference between Indiana and Reddit	In Reddit, you get served no matter who you are.
What`s the difference between chinese people and racism	Racism has many faces
What do you call a baby seal between two slices of bread	A clubbed sandwich
What Cell Phone Company does Usain Bolt use	Sprint
What kind of computer can sing	A Dell.
What's the key to long lasting Relationships	Not breaking up
What did the girl say when the Statue of Liberty sneezed	God bless America.
What does a man often wake with, but can never go to sleep with	An alarm, you pervert!
What do you call an alligator detective wearing a waistcoat	An investigator.
What did the neckbeard say while giving the eulogy for his extremely flatulent friend	Rip in peace
What do you call a nomadic caveman	A meanderthal.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Q: What is the blonde's chronic speech impediment	A: She can't say ""No"".
What did the cold pipe say to the to hot pipe	Nothing,pipes can't talk. Thank you
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You might think it's R but his first love will always be the C.
What do you call a group of Japanese people running up a hill	Tsunami Warning
What kind of pizzas can tell the future	Medium Pizzas
What's the difference between a normal pirate and a sexy pirate	The type of booty they plunder.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane	a PILOT, you fucking racist!
What's that thing called when your crush likes you back	Oh yeah. Imagination.
What cars do wolves drive	Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
What to toilet paper and the starship enterprise have in common	They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons
What's the alien version of Facebook	Spacebook. (It's a terrible joke I know).
What do you call rude fungi	Shiit-talking mushrooms
What is worse than biting through an apple, and finding a worm inside	~~Rape~~ The picky fuckers on this website.
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
What does Mr. Miyagi do when he gets home from a date	He wax off
What game do two strangers with Social Anxiety play	Don't Break the Ice
What's the Boogeyman's part-time job	BoogeyNAN!
What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary	Antidickstablishmentarianism.
What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato	A dick-tater.
What's white and drips from the cloud	The coming of the Lord.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch	Fish and ships.
What do you call a dumb nerd	A geek.
Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia	Sexy children.
What did the sardine call the submarine	A can of people !
What's the smartest animal on the farm	The farmer (this killed my 12yo brothers)
What did one deer say to the other after leaving the bar	I can't believe you just blew 50 bucks in there
What do you call a nun sleep walking	A roamin' Catholic
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	[NSFW] I wouldn't pay five hundred dollars to have a lentil on my face.
What the hell is Minecraft	Hitler's lesser known, second, book about his love of knitting.
What did Kurt Kobain have such a terrible time in 7th grade	He was having a mid-life crisis.
What do you call a dog that is a magician	A Labara Cadabarador
What do you get when you mix triangles with Tumblr	Trigger-Nometry
What has two eyes but can't see, two wings but can't fly, and two legs but can't walk	A dead bird.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman	I smell carrots too.
What sound does a Chinese roller coaster make as it goes up an incline	chink chink chink chink
What's the difference between acetone and Hitler	One is used to remove the polish, and the other is used to remove the Polish.
What's the definition of a will	Come on guys it's a dead giveaway
What is the dumbest animal	An ignoraMOOSE
What happens when you throw one banana to two hungry Apes	A banana split!
What's the deal with Drake, first he was an actor now a rapper	Must have been all degrassi was smoking. I'll let myself out.
What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers	A virgin
What type of train gets fat	A chew chew train...
What do dyslexic Koreans eat	Gods
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna fish, and a pot of glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna. ... What about the pot of glue? I knew you'd get stuck.
What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint	Red Paint
What blood type does a man with bad spelling have	Typo
What did the cholo say when two houses fell on top of him	Get off me homes!
What's the difference between broccoli and a booger	little kids won't eat broccoli .
What did the yogi say after riding his pet llama to the ashram	Llamaste.
What's the best part about a redneck family fight	The makeup sex
What does FIAT stand for	Fix It Again Tony
What's the difference between my ex girlfriend and ebola	At least Ebola will finish me off
What kind of dogs will patrol the Trump wall	Border Collies! I just came up with this after not sleeping for 30+ hours. Sorry for the cheesy goodness.
What did the Ice Cream say to the Birthday Girl	Go 'head girl, it's sherbert day
What's Hitlers favorite Pokemon	NEIN-Tails.
What kind of doctor fixes broken websites	A URLologist.
What do a horny ornithologist and a Na'vi buff have in common	They both get turned on by blue tits.
What do you call a guy who is afraid of Santa	Claustrophobic!
What's the difference	What's the difference between a midget acrobatic team and a girls track team? The midgets are a bunch of cunning runts.
What do you call an orc's wolf with particularly short legs	A Worgi
What animal do I respect most	The octopus. I have no idea what to do with my hands most of the time, and I only have two of them.
What does one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches
What do you call a black lady having an abortion	A hero
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and vagina	Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What did the testicle say to the other testicle	Between you and me, I think something's up."" I'm slightly tipsy, this is probably a terrible joke. Merry Christmas!
What do you call a gay rubber band	An elasstickle
Q: What is a 'forum'	A: Two-um plus two-um.
What do you call a trespassing camper	Criminal intent
What do you call a sad terrorist	A crisis
What's worse than your doctor telling you that you have gonorrhea	Getting the news from your dentist
What's so good about having sex with twenty one year olds	There's twenty of them.
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones	Trombones.
What do you call a snail in the sea	A snailor.
What kind of robbery is not dangerous	A safe robbery.
What did the spy say at the glass beach	*The coast is clear*
What do you call a virus that affects the command line	Terminal Illness
What do you call a twig that won't stop looking in the mirror	A narcissistick.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters	Short.
What does a sick deception eat	A bowl of Chicken noodle coupe
What do reindeer say before telling you a joke	This one will sleigh you !
What happened to the trapeze artist that did drugs on the job	He got suspended.
What's red and smells like blue paint	Red paint
What's Scrooge's favourite food	A humbug'er.
What does a Cuban do when he gets a flat tire	Drowns.
What do a dwarf and a midget have in common	Very little.
What's the difference between the ISIS headquarters and a kindergarten	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What do you call a queue of boxers	A punchline.
What beer does Sean Connery drink	Grols
What's the difference between a feminist and a dentist's drill	One causes a lot of pain and makes a constant high pitched whine. The other is a useful piece of medical equipment.
What game do old black people play	Blingo!
Whats the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	[NSFW] You don't pay $200 to have a garbanzo on your face
What's brown and sticky	Anal.
What's the difference between David Blaine and the NRA	The former has a cunning array of stunts
What sits in the middle of the world wide web	A very very big spider !
What's long and hard on a black guy	The first grade
What do you call a dead baby ,who fights crime	Miscarriage of Justice
What do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed	Baked beans
What's a toads favourite sweet	Lollihops !
What will the ""Red Hot Chili Peppers"" become when they die	Ghost Peppers.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick!
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick.
What is up with 1, 3, 5, 7, 9	...I can't even...
What did one snowman say to the other snowman	Do you smell a carrot?
What do you call a psychic who simply doesn't care	Telapathy
What so you call a religious dinosaur	A prayeradactyl.
What do you call Trump and Hillary buried up to their necks in sand	Progress
What do you call a Jew with a pH lower than 7	....hasidic I'll let myself out now. I know that was matzo good...
What's the one public place that most people still support the separation of Colors and Whites	The laundromat.
What do u call a greedy lesbian	Bush hog.
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	*...Tennish...*
What did the New York Salmon say to the driver	I'm swimming here!
What did the man say while holding a square clock	I'm holding Time Square!
What's the worst part about necrophilia	When you get stiff before she does.
What do you call a bone that disrespects God	A Blasfemur
What book do you like the most	Woman: ""My husband's checkbook.
What's black and white and red all over	Michael Jackson, after the autopsy.
What do you call a body builder	Jim.
What do you call a fly with no wings	A walk... budumdum tssssss
What do you call someone who blows himself up by accident	An Errorist!
What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa	That's a peng ting.
What do you get when you combine a black guy and an octopus	nobody knows actually but it will be perfect for picking cotton.
What is a Freudian slip	When you say one thing but mean your mother.
What do you call the facility where they make lower quality, but still acceptable, goods	The satisfactory.
WHat's the worst part of being a black jew	You have to sit in the back of the gas chamber
What if the missing plane is still up there	What?"" Did you check the sky? ""No."" See, this is why you'll never advance, Kevin.
What's brown and sounds like a bell	Dung! (Credit to the Pythons)
What can blow your Mind	A Brain Prostitute! (Maybe a repost though I haven't seen it)
What kind of dog chases anything red	A bull dog !
What do you call it when Wonder Woman does too many drugs	Heroine overdose
What do I call my dick	Steve Harvey because it's rising right now
What does the Pope use to dry his hands	Papal towels.
What day do most mothers give birth	Labor day.
What does my physics professor have in common with Gandalf	YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
What do you call an angry paraplegic	A steamed vegetable.
What's the best city to search the World Wide Web in	Rome.
What do women and hurricanes have in common	When they come, they're wet and wild. When they leave, they take your house and your car
What's an owl's favourite pin code	2820!!!!!!!!
What kind of soap do Middle Eastern citizens use	Arab spring
what's green and floats	a leaf
What do you call a policeman with blonde hair	A fair cop !
what type of shoes do artists wear	sketchers
what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview	the holocaust
What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mom	Your mom is funny.
Q: What did the snail say as he rode on the back of a turtle	A: Wheeee!
What do you get when you cross Holy Water with castor oil	A religious movement!
What's the difference between awkward and awful	Awkward is finding your mom on Tinder, awful is matching with her
What separates the men from the boys	Operation Yewtree.
What is CC Sabathia's favorite inning to pitch in baseball	The bottom of the fifth
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	One gets a badge for lighting stuff on fire, while the other gets a badge for being lit on fire.
What do you call a cow stuck in a hurricane	A milkshake.
What do you call an Irish man who won't leave your porch	Paddy O' furniture
What is the difference between rat poison and diet coke	Diet coke has better advertising.
What's the slipperiest country	Greece!
What should you do if you find a snake sleeping  in your bed	Sleep in the wardrobe !
What's the difference between magic and black magic	Black magic doesn't work.
What is that the more you desire, the less you can get	Beautiful girls.
What do you call a slow hurricane	A slowicane.
What Should I Do Today	Eat A Bomb?Nuke A Toaster?Ride Nyan Cat Into Space?Bomb ISIS?Oh Theres Just So Much You Can Do!
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat	One's weasily recognised - the other's stoatally different
What do you call a bearded gardener	Hairy Potter
What's the hardest thing about being a pedophile	Just trying to fit in, really.
What is the difference between the Christmas  alphabet and the ordinary alphabet	The Christmas alphabet has NO EL.
What does a preverted frog say	Rubbit.
What do you call an aligator in a vest	investigator
What is the most affectionate type of chicken	The tender ones (Badum Tss)
what is the most confusing day in the ghetto	father's day
What sex position produces the ugliest children	Ask your mother.
What do you call a group of armed nuns enforcing the status quo	a force of habit
What's big and grey and protects you from the rain	An umbrellaphant !
What would you call the Fantastic Four if Snoop Dogg joined the team	The High Five
What do you call a man standing up to his knees in water	Wade
What's the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets the point.
What's the difference between a brothel and a circus	Your mother never ran away to join the circus.
What do you call a cute homeless girl	Dust Bunny
What does Sean Connery wear to avoid the paparazzi	His shunglasshesh
What do you call someone who sneezes doing cocaine	A snowblower
What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin	Countdown This was a joke I heard on TV some time ago ... Thought it was worth a share.
What do you call an Irish Jew	A leprechaun!
What is it called when a bunch of people, all under 5'2"", go to a raging party	High wasted shorts!
What's Franklin D Roosavelt's favorite game show	Deal or New Deal
What type of car does an African drive	A Sudan
What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him	Get off me, homes.
What car does the Loch Ness Monster drive	A Ford F-tree-fiddy
What smells worse than an anchovy	An anchovy's cunt
What's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity	ON AN OPPORTUNITY
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law	A small medium at large
What's good on pie, but not on pussy	Crust.
What happens to a tapeworm after it dies	It will be interred.
What do ants drink	Tea. It's an ant tea joke.
What's the difference between a blonde and an Airbus A380	Not everyone has been in an Airbus A380.
What do kids like to eat in the playground	Recess Pieces.
What's another word for ""thesaurus""	Steven Wright joke, iirc.
What's brown and sticky	(wait! There's more...) What's brown and sticky? A Stick. What's brown, sticky and Yiddish? A schtick.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk	My Zipper
What do you call a nun that sleep walks	A roamin' catholic
what's the male equivolent of a widow	Free
What does a tech geek say when they're taking a shit	Clearing my cache.
What do you call someone who knows all	Nostril-damus. &amp;nbsp; Works better if you read the joke out loud.
What happens when you mix a snowman and a vampire	Frostbite
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt	If it's a good day lipstick
What do you call a Mexican that flies a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut fucks everyone... A bitch fucks everyone but YOU.
What do you call a hobo with an afro	A frobo.
What does a landmine field and my pet friendly apartment complex have in common	It doesn't matter where you step, shit is about to happen
What do you call an elf made of lego	Legolass
What's the difference between my dick and my paycheck	I don't have to beg my wife to blow my paycheck.
What is a baby's favorite Fall Out Boy song	Thanks For The Mammaries
What does a homeless man gets for Christmas	A cold.
What do you call the 1 yard line at the Super Bowl	...A running play - Obviously...
What is the worst type of sand to have in your pants	Sandusky
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair	Rolaids.
What do a redhead and a freezer have in common	They've both got ice on the inside.
What do you get when Italians join ISIS	Baked Yazidi
What's the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a Lentil on my face.
What do you call a record of everything that goes in and out of your ass	An ANALog.
What did one eye say to the other	Between you and me, something smells
What happened to the dog that fell into a  lens-grinding machine	He made a spectacle of himself.
What do you take before every meal	A seat.
What is Harry potters favorite way to get down a hill	Walking....J.K . Rowling
What do you call a smelly man who tells terrible jokes	PUN-GENT
What do you call a country of grizzlies that is always stoned	A hibearnation.
What band's fanbase is the most charitable	U2, they're all pro-bono.
What kind of cheese should Richard eat	Ricotta
What did the black kid get on his SAT	Barbecue sauce
What's the hardest part about roller blading	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What do you call an Asian guy who is a member of ISIS	RICE-IS
What do you call Hitler underwater	Adolfin.
What language do British wrenches speech	Spanish!
Q: What's the difference between a moose and an ant	A: A moose has antlers, but an ant doesn't have mooselers.
What type of fruit do twins prefer	Pears.
What the difference between the titanic and climate change	Climate change beat the ice berg
What do you call a pickle sandwich that's a scientist	Dill Rye
What is Chuck Norris' only weakness	Cancer
What do you call a horny dog in the kitchen	A fur-tile bitch
What do you call a bee that gets engaged	A Beyonce.
What does a food lover do when they try a new food	They CURIOUSLY MASTERCATE.
Q: What do you call cheese that isn't yours	A: Nacho cheese.
What game do they play at Mexican carnivals	Guaca-mole!
What does an Ent want	A bad birch.
Q: What kind of lettuce did they serve on the Titanic	A: Iceberg.
Whats that over there	I don't know but i think i just got a raging clue
What do you call... ...a man with no arms and no legs in the ocean	Bob
What do you get when you mix a public speaker with someone who had tourettes	A clock! One provides the tic, the other provides the talk Credit to my Autistic Big Bro
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with IBS	Well, one you have to shuck between fits...
What does the license plate of the sheep farmer say	Ewe haul.
What do you call a Mexican baptism	A bean dip.
What is smaller than a teeny weenie fly	A fly's teeny weenie.
What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient	Michael Bay Leaves.
What do you call a rough Italian neighborhood	A Spaghetto
What does a Pirate say on his Eightieth birthday	AYE MATEY!
What's the difference between a white story and a black story	A white story starts with ""Once Apon a Time"" and a black story starts with ""Y'all ain't gonna believe this
What's the difference between MLK day and St Patrick's day	Nobody minds being Irish for one day!!!!
What do you call a hooker with no limits	Your mom.
What do they feed a gorilla when he goes to  Paris	Ape Suzettes!
What did Hitler's cat think of the Holocaust	It was purrfect.
What breathes out but never in	Your asshole
What's the worst cut of steak	Amazon Prime.
What happened before the Big Bang	Of course, The Big Foreplay.
What dinosaur has the best vocabulary	The bronthesaurus.
What is the difference between the people in Dubai &amp; the people in Abu Dhabi	The people in Dubai don't watch The Flintstones, but the people in Abu Dhabi Do!
What's similar between Gump and Trump	They are both mentally challenged and ""just felt like runnin'
What did the plant say to the other plant that it really liked alot	let me be your *soil*mate
What's the difference between a everyone and a bullet	Everyone misses Harambe.
Whats the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south	Nothing, because either way, someone is losing their trailer.
What did the confused bee say	To bee or not to bee !
What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word	TeX-MeX
What's the difference between John Kenndy Jr. and Ted Kennedy	Ted can swim away from an accident.
What do you call customers at Lidl	Lidl people.
What kind of dog can jump higher than a building	Any dog. A building can't jump.
What does a bungie jumper and a condom wearer have in common	If the rubber snaps they're screwed. &lt;----- this is a classic xD
What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with	Little Caesar's
what do you call a cat that copies off others' exam papers	a cheetah
What do you get when you combine 99 lesbians and a politician	100 people that don't do dick
what do you call a hooker with a runny nose	full.
What is it called when sensitive medical information about a very fat patient is disclosed	A hippo violation
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her pussy	Only one retarded thing came out of her pussy.
What do a guitar and a drum have in common	Neither of them are a clarinet!
What do Jews love most about their mobile phones	They can charge them.
What will Kayne West's political leaning be if he runs for President	West wing
What's God's favorite guitar chord	G sus
What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog	Stupid.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down	Wife.
What do you call a psychic midget that escapes prison	A small medium at large.
What's the difference between a captain and a lt.col	A major difference.
What do you call ten German men standing abreast, walking backward	[OC] A receeding Herr line.
What smells better than it taste	A nose
What's the definition of a Mistress	Oh, I don't know. Probably something between a Mister and a mattress.
What's fun about having sex with twenty-one year olds	You know, there is twenty of them
What do you call an ant in space	Cosmonants & Astronants !
What kind of jokes do bad comedians tell their audience	Bad jokes.
What did the asian parents call their retarded son	Sum ting wong
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger	Someone who is too lazy to steal.
What do gnomes fear most about Christmas	They're afraid Father Christmas will give them the sack!
What does a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common	In the end, someone is going to lose a trailer.
What did the blonde say when she saw a banana peel	aw shit imma fall again
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	A gun only has one trigger.
What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food	A torque-y sandwich.
What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors	A reptile dysfunction
What Does A Tickle Me Elmo Get Before It Leaves The Factory	Two Test-Tickles
What's the difference between my dick and my jokes	My girlfriend never laughs at my jokes
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie	IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN
What's a police officers favorite console	Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U. Edit: Gee Wilikers Batman I've got 151 upvotes yayyyyyy. :D
What do you call a bird that has been molested	Rustled Crow
What did one crab say to the other	Damn this bitch is nasty!
What is Peyton Manning's favorite Counting Crows song	Omaha
What date is it today	2nd April. Ha!! April fool!
What did one saggy boob say to the other  saggy boob	If we don't get some support soon people are going to think we're nuts.
What happens when you fingerbang a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red.
What's a homophobe's favorite drink	fruit punch
What kind of house does Fonzie live in	An ""A"" frame...
What are the strongest days of the week	Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What do you call a nice Canadian meal on a colorful roof	Poutina.
What do you get when you cross a female tyrannosaur with a male tyrannosaur	Tyrannosaurus Sex! *I apologize deeply, I'm so...so sorry*
What goes; green-red-green-red-green-red-green-red	A frog in my blender
What do feminists and zookeepers have in common	Nothing. Feminists have nothing in common with anyone.
What is E.T. short for	He's only got little legs.
What is Helen Keller's favorite color	Corduroy
What do you call a seven course Irish meal	A 6-pack and a potato.
What's green with a brown tip	The cucumbers in Elton John's fridge.
What does a caterpillar do on New Years Day	Turns over a new leaf !
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back when you throw it	a dead cat
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaay
What happens when you call a Trump supporter xenophobic	They do a quick google search and then agree with you.
What did the Buddhist monk say when he approached the hotdog stand	Make me one with everything.
What thinks the unthinkable	An ithe-berg
Whats the worst part about a black out in Detroit	All the pairs of floating eyes
What is a teenage girl's best friend	Passive-Aggression
What's grey and moves at a hundred miles an hour	A jet propelled elephant !
What do midgets and dwarfs have in common	Just a little
What do you get when you cross a crocodile with a cartridge	A snapshot.
What do you call someone who finishes a sentence with you	Partner in crime.
What do you called a piano someone pissed in	A peeano.
What did one window say to the other window	I'm in pane
What's big and ugly and drinks out of the wrong side of the glass	A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
What do you call it when a person falls ill from watching too many BBC period dramas	Downton Syndrome
What does a suicide bomber say when he's teaching class	Pay attention! I'm only going to show this once.
What will Ryan Lochte say if he looses ""Dancing With the Stars""	I was robbed"" Sorry, that just came to me like a stroke of idiotic genius and I couldn't help myself.
What do you call a lost crayon	a Strayola
What do you call a cheap cicumsicion	A rip off
What did one snowman say to the other	Smells like carrots
What should have tipped off the airline ticket sellers on 9/11	When the terrorists asked for anything cheaper than one-way.
What happens when the Pope dies	....another one popes up.
What is the biggest plot twist in spanish soap operas	When Rodrigo finds out he is his own mother
What nationality is Santa Claus	North Polish.
What's another word for a face tattoo	An everlasting jobstopper.
What does a college kid do when confronted by an evil spirit	He drinks it just like he drinks every other kind of spirit.
What's better than a Kike on a Pike	Two Kikes on a Pike!
What kind of bees make milk	Boobies
What does the ninja call his penis	meningococcal
What did Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks, and Nelson Mandela all have in common	They're all criminals.
What times does the chinaman go to the dentist	Tooth-hurty
What do women call men who are shorter than 5'7""	Friends
What made Tesla successful	Its musk
What shakes and sits at the bottom of the ocean	A nervous wreck.
What do you call twin kittens	Dupli-cats
What do you call a Targaryen girl who can outrun her brothers	A virgin.
What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal	Synonym Toast Crunch
What happens when i find a good joke	I reddit.
What do you call an old person from Portugal	A portugeeser
What am I	What has six tits and three teeth? The night shift at the Waffle House.
What do you call a team of Christian mutant superheroes	The A-Men
What is a Polish person's favorite weapon	A Warsaw...
What does Batman use to wash his hair	Conditioner Gordon.
What do you get when you cross human DNA and goat DNA	Thrown out of the petting zoo
What are the inhabitants of Crete called	Cretins!
What did the dinosaur say after the car crash	I'msosaurus
What is the best way to pass the time on Tatooine	Watch the Dagobah
What is an amputees favorite movie	Armageddon.
What do you call a piano composer that smokes	Tarcoughski
What is Lil Jon's favorite flavor of BBQ	Mesquite squite squite. ...Forgive me I'm freshly smoked.
What time does a mechanic wake up	Oily!
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on ahead. I'll give these two a lift. Edit: Someone didn't like the word guys in it
What's the difference between princess Diana and Tiger Woods	Tiger Woods has a better driver
What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical	Rent.
What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both glide around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!
What's the difference between a leper and a tree	A tree has limbs.
What kind of ghosts haunt operating theatres	Surgical spirits.
What's worse than seeing a worm in an apple u just bit into	Holocaust
What did the waiter ask the group of Jewish mothers	Is *anything* okay?!
What's the difference between firewood and a jew	The firewood ain't been turned into ash yet.
Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam	I can't jelly my dick into your girls ass.
What's the worst part of getting hit in the face with pie	It's never ending.
What do you mean dinosaurs didn't have titties	! *throws my camera on the ground and causes a scene as I leave the museum *
What is it that is yours , but others use it more than you	Your name
What do you call a gay man's paradise	A fruitopia.
What do ISIS want for Christmas	Turkey, apparently.
Whats the problem with tainted money	It taint yours and it taint mine :D (Puns for the win? :D)
What do you call an underage gang bang	Bohymen Rapecity
What would Bill Cosby's name be if he was Russian	Vladimir Puddin'
What is Irish and stays on your patio, even when it rains	Patty O'Furniture.
What do you call a bugle inside of a bubble	A buble!
What animal is endangered by tooth decay	Molar bears!
What would you call a very funny mountain	Hill Arious!
What is six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy	A hundred dollar bill.
What do multiculturalism and the movie Jaws have in common	They both made Americans despise great whites!
What is the Terminators Muslim name	Al Bi Baq
What do you call a black man flying a plane	The pilot.
What do you call a tractor trailer that can't keep up with the others	(Self) Semi retarded.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer	A father in law.
What do vegetarian zombies want	Graaaaiiiiinss!
What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve	Social Security.
What did the prostitute catch when she went out with 5 fishermen	... A big red snapper
What's another name for the Periodic Table of elements	The atoms family.
[OC] What do you call a suicidal mathematician smoking weed	Hypotenuse
What did Russians used to light their houses with before candles	Electricity.
What are the pigs warned to look out for in New  York	Pigpockets.
What do snotty vegetables do when they see something they don't like	They 'turnip' their noses.
What are french journalists good at catching	Bullets.
What did the snake say when offered a piece of cheese	Thanks I'll just have a sliver !
What is a computer virus	A terminal illness.
Q: What's the best place to photograph Clinton Administration officials	A: A police lineup.
What happens if you steal in Afghanistan	You get Talibanned
What do you call an amphibian in hiding	Incognitoad.
Q: What do you get when Steve Jobs hires and fires a lot of people in six months	A: An Apple turnover.
Q: What kind of dog does a dracula like	- A: A  Bloodhound.
What do you call a yak that wants to talk to you about a network marketing opportunity	A cognac
What happens when you fall in love with a french chef	You get buttered up.
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend	Homeless.
What is the difference between brown nosing and butt kissing	Depth Perception!
What is 6.9	A good time ruined by a period.
What's the difference between a four year old and a baggie of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a baggie of cocaine fall out the window.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick into a girls ass.
what is Ceasar's slogan for his advertising company	Ceasar sell ads
What do Donald Trump and a pumpkin have in common	They're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out in early November.
What do you call someone whose GPA is greater than the number of inches their dick is	Asian
What did the boy say when he had trouble using glue	I'm stuck.
What sport are Mexicans best at	Cross country.
What's the difference between a club and a strip club	A club has a beat that you can dance to, a strip club has a dance that you can beat to.
What's the difference between redneck newlyweds and two variables in a dataset	The variables aren't necessarily related.
What did they say to the CEO who raise minimum wage to $70,000	Price is right!
What do you do if the lights in a Chinese food restaurant are too bright	Dim Sum.
What's the difference between a blimp and 1,000 blowjobs	One was a Good Year and one was a great year
What do you call it when a story has a recurring train theme	A Loco Motif
What do you call a piece of sandpaper in Syria	A map.
Whats the hardest part about watching Amy Schumer swim through a pool of dead babies	Knowing she will make a shitty vagina joke about it.
What do you call a lawyer up to his neck in cement	Not enough cement EDIT: Okay thanks for pointing out that I messed up the wording but the joke is supposed to be the funny part
What do you call it when a doctor gives up halfway through an abortion	A portion.
What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person	The slow clap
What do you call the pirate with the second largest penis	Long John Silver First of my original jokes to actually make my girlfriend chuckle.
What is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill	The penguin who pushed him!
What did the magician's girlfriend say to the magician	I can't see you anymore.
What's worse than nine eleven	311
What did the Gay techie say	I do queries.
What did the magician say when he made his rabbit disappear	Hare today gone tomorrow.
What comes before OP	QWERTYUI
What do women and tornadoes have in common	They scream when they come and take the house when they leave.
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael Phelps can finish a race.
What is Green...and Smells Like Pork	Kermit the Frog's Finger!!
What do you call a computer that can sing really well	A Dell.
What does JCPenny and teenagers have in common	Pants 50% off
What's the favorite subject of young witches at  school	Spelling.
What is a tresspasser's least favorite number	The number 86. (No seriously. Google ""86"".)
What do you call a cow that's just had a baby	De-calfinated!
What was the name of the knight who sat all the way around the Round Table	Sir Cumference.
What happened when the butcher backed up into his meat grinder	He got a little behind in his work.
What do you call someone incapable of eating people	A can't-ibal
What did Adam say the day before Christmas	It's Christmas, Eve!
What did the hummingbird do to his girlfriend	He nectar!
What do you call a black pilot	You call him a pilot! you racist!
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor	A feminist
What Do You Call a Girl Who Doesn't Do Kegels	A lazy cunt!
What do you call a white slave	Whipped cream.
What is moist, smells great, and is for dinner tonight	My poop
What's Thom Yorke's reddit	/u/KarmaPuhlease
Whats Donald Trumps favorite album	The Wall
What did grandma say to grandpa while in bed	Keep it up!
What do you call an ugly dinosaur	An Isaurus Rex
Q: What do birds give out on Halloween	A: Tweets.
What do you call a rooster with erectile dysfunction	Boneless chicken.
What do American beer and sex on a boat have in common	Both are fucking close to water.
what did Obama say to Trump	show me your schlong form birth certificate
What do you call lying furniture	Untrustable
What's the difference between an apple and a baby	I don't cum on an apple before i eat it.
What's Hitler's favorite videogame	Mein Kraft.
What's another name for a boxy plow pulling baby maker	A Mexican. Make America great again! Vote the Donald!
What do you call a fat, smelly hermaphodite who gives blow jobs under the bridge for a nickel	Well, YOU call her mom.
What do you say when you see two fetuses making out	Oh get a womb
What does Pittsburgh have in common with Peter Pan	The Pirates always lose.
What do you call the man who proofread Hitler's speeches	The original grammar Nazi.
What's got four legs and one arm	A Rottweiler.
What's the difference between a lead guitarist and a terrorist	You can actually negotiate with a terrorist.
What did one fish say to another fish after Eve had her first bath	Great, now we smell like woman.
What did the judge do to the lawyer who insulted him	He got him diss barred.
what is the hardest part about having a daughter in your early 20's	Fighting all of those physically fit teenagers when you're in your late 30's.
What do I have that FC Barcelona doesn't	A semi
What is the most popular cheese in ""the Upside Down""	Demogorgonzola
What do dyslexic zombies eat	Brians.
What do you call a party of communists that haven't seen each other in years	Soviet Reunion Terrible and painful, I know.
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits until you're 13 before it comes on your face.
What's the difference between a fish and a mountain goat	Fish muck about in fountains...
What spends a good 3 hours a day in my hand	*hint* it starts with P and ends with S. Pens! :D ... wait what were YOU THINKING?!?!?!
What is a polygon	A dead parrot.
Whats the difference between a canoe and a jew	One tips the other doesn't.
What do you call a black guy in a museum	Antique farm equipment
What's the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman	**SnowBalls!**
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	SNOWBALLS
What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a Harley Davidson	The vacuum has the dirtbag on the inside.
What did the ghost say to the bee	Boo bee!
What do vegan zombies eat	Graaaaains!
What does a gay man and a rhubarb have in common	It's not right to call them a fruit.
What US state has the most cows	Moosouri!
What happened when fire and the wheel were invented	People got lit and turnt.
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest	A suicide vest will blow you.
What do prison and the Caps Lock button have in common	They both turn ""o"" into an ""O"".
What do you call a prematurely born Chinese baby	Sudden Lee
What do dissecting a frog and explaining a joke on Reddit have in common	Both are shitty novelties.
What do you call a Muslim woman without a burka	Dead.
What's the difference between a knife, and an argument with a female	A knife has a point...
What happened to Wendy from Wendy's	The Baconator
What is atheism	A non-prophet organisation.
What have Brussel sprouts and pubic hair got in common	You brush them both to the side and carry on eating.
What do you call chips that aren't yours	Nacho chips
What do you call a Crazy female deer	A doenut
What did the black Jew say to the non-believers	We Israel..
What do Australian chess players say when they're finished eating at a restaurant	Check mate.
What's the biggest difference between men and women	The phrase ""I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film."" is a good place to start.
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket	Well, the pickpocket snatches watches,
Q: What did the gangster's son tell his dad when he failed his examination	A: Dad they questioned me for 3 hours but I told them nothing.
What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable	Nigga, peas!
What did the Zero say to the Eight	Nice belt.
What sport do you play with a wombat	Wom
What did the OCD man get thrown in jail for	Organized crime.
What do you call a armless, legless man in water	Bob.
What does an alcoholic ghost drink	BOO'S.
What seperates black people and white people	The bars. Shoutout to my bud Treyvon for this joke from almost 7 years ago.
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free
What's the difference between England and Oscar Pistorius	England gets off scott-free.
What is a bed's least favourite time of year	Spring break.
What did the Blind, Deaf man get for Christmas	? Cancer
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pump-kin!
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pump-kin.
What do you call a pessimistic Mexican	A Mexican't
What does a grizzly wear under his fur	Under-bear.
What is Fonzi's favorite letter of the alphabet	F"", for Fonzi. Duh.
What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion	De-calf-inated
What's something white people can call other white people but black people can't call other black people	Dad.
What's the difference between r/politics and r/liberal	None
What did the child with no arms and no legs get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do a cue ball and a mexican have in common	The harder you hit them, the more English you get out of them.
What do you call a fish with no eye	FSH
What do call a white guy in a burning building	Fire cracker
What's a poker player's favorite sitcom	Full House.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros	Elephino  \_()_/
What do you call a ghost chicken	A poultry-geist!
What did the hipster epidemiologist say to United States citizens at a press conference	You probably won't get it.
What do you call a cross between two KKK members	Burning
What do you always get on your birthday	Another year older!birt
What do UP! and push-up have in common	First you have a great time, but after 5 minutes you end up crying.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note	High G.
What's the going rate to find out a girl isn't into you	My recent observation concludes ~$140. Great weekend.
What is the similarity between women and square roots	If they are under 16 you should just do them in your head.
What did Hitler say when he put on a blindfold	I can Nazi.
What did Helen Keller scream when she got mugged	Nothing. It was winter and she had mittens on.
What do men and public toilets have in common	All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. *this is a response to an earlier joke comparing women to parking spots*
What kind of joke is the best joke	The one shoved up your ass. (As told by my adorable and naughty 7 year old).
What's the difference between Niagara and Viagra	Niagara falls.
What do you call a disobedient feline pirate	A mew-tineer! And what do you call a genetically altered cow? A moo-tant, of course!
What do you call a clever joke that doesn't make it to the front page	A clever joke, but nobody will have Reddit...
What do you call corn with a sense of humor	Laughing stalk
what is a woman to cant give birth	bruce jenner
What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit	the bucket
what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol	Tequila mockingbird.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common	1 in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being.
What's the difference between a racist person and a racist skeleton	They both are insulting, but the skeleton doesn't have any body to share racist jokes with!
What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub	Laundry.
What do a Professional Fifa Player and a Rapist have in common	They're both going to score, even if you don't want them to.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter. He's not coming.
What is the most common question asked by iPhone users	Does anyone have a charger I could use?
What did 9 say to 11	Let's get Bush in on this.
What comes after America	Bmerica. I'll see myself out
What rock group has four men that don't sing	mount rushmore
Q: What do Saddam Hussein and General Custer have in common	A: They both want to know where the hell those Tomahawks are coming from !
What is a pirates favorite letter	No, it's the C.
What's a Fly without it's wings	A Walk
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face (There's a slight pause between garbanzo and bean when speaking the joke)
What file does a Knight store his music on	A **MIDI**-val file.
What did Reddit say about the post that had no comments	Wow, such empty
What did Gordon Ramsay say to Hitler	Oh my god put them back in the damn ovens! They're so under-cooked they're writing fucking diaries!
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, insomniac and a dyslexic	Someone who lies awake at night if there really is a dog.
What's the difference between a group of midget spies and a women's track team	One is a cunning group of runts.
What do all battered women have in common	They don't listen.
What's the difference between apple juice and apple cider	Your sister doesn't care if you cum in juice but she won't let you cum in cider.
What is Joan of Arc's least favorite food	Steak
What should we call people who leave crusty bits of food in the corner of their mouths	#Herpeaters.
What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper	The kind that has multi ply's.
what kind of clothes do lawyers wear	Lawsuits.
What do you get when you throw a Canadian down a flight of stairs	An apology.
What is small furry and smells like bacon	A hamster !
What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob	Both are better between 2 buns
what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up	I'm very squared.
What did the Spanish musician say when he went fishing	Castanets!
Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics	Having legs.....
What is big hairy and can fly faster than sound	King Koncord.
What Do You Call An Israelite On The Himalayas	Mountain Jew.
What did the baby eating cannibals say in the hospital to the expectant mothers	Fetus!!!
What do you call an angry wind	A cross breeze.
What do you call a girl who expects a guy to do everything for her, make all the first moves, and text her first every day	SINGLE
What place of business helps dogs who have lost their tails	A retail store.
What do a married guy and a single guy have in common	They both think the other one gets laid more.
What do you call a stillborn grizzly cub	Unbearable
What's the difference between Trump and a Halloween pumpkin	The pumpkin is bright.
What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere	Trespassers
What to do when a blonde throws a grenade at you... What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: What's the difference between a chicken and a grape	A: They're both green except for the chicken.
What do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills	Aretha Franklins
What's Santa's favourite metal band	Sleigher.
What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships	Nothing. It always fucking sucks.
What do you call a productive Asian	China get something done.
What do you call making your booty clap for likes and upvotes	Social netwerking
What is a buttress	A female goat.
What do you call a rifle that fires 3 bullets at once	A trifle!
What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean	fucked
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist	She got the sack
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	I don't like my pizza burnt.
What's the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What does Harry Potter say when he wants a cigarette	Tobaccio
What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change	The double slit experiment.
What do you call crazy testicles	Cuckoonuts
what did socrates learn from the T-rex	i dino
What do you call a search engine that sings Christmas songs	Michael google.
Whats the best thing to put into a Christmas  cake	Your teeth !
What do you call a cross between a skunk, a wolverine, and a porcupine	Sir"" from a distance.
What do you tell a smelly Japanese person	Takashawa.
What's do you call a tampon tutorial	A demenstruation
What's the most important meal of the day to help you lose pounds	Brexit
Q: What country is ill	A: Germany.
Q: What happens when two snails fight	A: They slug it out.
What is a ghost's favorite street	A boooooooolevard.
What could you create with Starbucks caramel mocha chip frappuccino	The Audi logo and The Olympics logo.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	One stops sucking when you slap it and the other is a blonde.
What's the first sign of AIDS	A pounding sensation in the ass.
What did the druggie do when he got acid	Took some tums
What do bulls do math with	A cow-culator! (Cue groans)
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of smart pygmies	The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
What do you call a bear without teeth	You call that fellah a gummy bear.
What's the difference between an art student and a philosophy student	A philosophy student asks you *why* you want fries with that
What do you get from a cow on the North Pole	Cold cream!
What is similar between the life of an Ethiopian kid and the hype of Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare	They're practically non existent.
What do you call a cow without legs	Ground beef.
What's the difference between a refugee and E.T	E.T learned English and wanted to go home.
What did the Cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend	Wipe his ass.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a D**k	You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
what's harder than closing your blinds	My dick as I watch you through them
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter, he's not going to come anyway. (might of already been posted)
What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist	Nothing.
What do you have to do to have a party in space	You have to Planet.
What do you do when you want to hold a bunny	You grabbit.
What is the difference between a pizza and a Jew	A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
What would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at	Unseaworthy
What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food	Omelette you finish.
What Pixar movie will Rick Astley never let you borrow	He's never gonna give you Up! Credit to my friend who doesn't even Reddit.
What's the difference between dark matter and Black Lives Matter	Dark matter has the capacity to leave an impact on a system
What kind of modeling clay does a dog use	Fi-Do!
What did the pirate tell his littler sister when she asked if she could hold his parrot	ISIS
What does Mexican binary code consist of	Zeros and Juans.
What did the ruler gain a reputation for while campaigning	Straight talk.
What did the carpenter say to the girl he loved	Oh sweetheart, you are the eye of my maple....
What did the Dalai Lama say to the guy in the kebab shop	Make me one with everything.
What do Ebola patients eat	Abola chicken noodle soup!
What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes	Xu wong
What does ""IDK"" mean	I keep asking people, but they don't know either.
What do my wife and my math teacher have in common	They both love to create problems that I am apparently supposed to solve.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a porcupine	The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine.
What does a baby diaper and Obama have in common	There both full of shit.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use some lube
What happens when you step on an oily asian	Better not say. I feel like I'm already treading on a slippery slope.
What kind of protozoa likes  Halloween	An amoeboo!
What would a Prius minivan be called	Post-us
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it
What time does Sean Connery get to the US Open	Ten-ish
What do Germans look at on the internet	Danke memes
What do you call a black astronaut	Invisible
What did one lawyer say to the other	we are both lawyers.
What's in common between Batman and a black guy	They can't go into a store without Robin
What kind of government does Disney World have	A plutocracy
What us the difference between white, brown and black people	The time God took to cook us
What do you call a cellphone company that uses nuclear power	Cher-Mobile
What music is good to listen to while having a snack	8 a bit music.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A mega-sore-ass.
What's the most trifling thing about divorce when you have kids	Child custardy
What's the hardest part of milking a mouse	Getting it to fit over a bucket !
What do you call an alligator in a vest	Investigator!
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 15 years
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	The porcupine has pricks on the outside.
What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe	White vans.
What's shorter than Mt. Everest	Mt. Everer
What did the fat guy give to the fat girl	Just the tip...
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	You can roast beef, but you can't pee soup.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car	In a police car, the pricks are on the inside.
What do vegan zombies eat	~Graaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnsssssss
What do you get when you cross a ghoul and a vampire	A hemogoblin. I came up with this during lecture after a dyslexic moment, thought someone may like it.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield	A BABOOM!
What's the worst part about /r/meirl moderators	[Deleted]
What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia	You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What's miley cyrus's favourite color	twerkquoise
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	Porcupines have pricks on the OUTSIDE.
What do you call a pile of blessed black waist sashes	A Benedictine Cumberbatch.
What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter	8008132
What's brown and sounds like a bell	DUNG!!!!
Q: What do clouds wear under their clothes	A: Thunderware.
What's the best way to grease a Ferrari	Run over an Italian.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a book	The book has papers
What do you call a fruit that is a vegetable	A crippled homo.
What do you call a dinosaur from the Middle East	An Iran-asaurus!
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong	Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, and Michael Jackson rapes kids and gets away with it.
What's the difference between real life Friends and the cast of the show Friends	The ability to binge watch Friends with your friends.
Q: What's the good part about having alzheimer's	You can hide your own easter eggs.
What do you call a sleeping prisoner	Under a-rest.
What did the Texas sheriff say about the black guy who was shot 15 times	Worse case of suicide I ever saw.
What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes	Riposte.
What's the difference between a dirty parking lot and a crab with breast implants	Ones a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What does a Spanish cow say	Muuuuuuuey!
What do you call the underground slave trade	The black market.
What do you call a hacker who stays home when it snows outside	Edward Snowed-in!
What did the Physics professor say to the fat kid in school	You've got a lot of potential!
What did one plate say to the other	Lunch is on me.
Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy  traffic problem	A: Carry loaded weapons.
What game do reindeer play in their stalls	Stable-tennis!
What does a vegetarian zombie eat	Grrrains.
What shampoo do dragons prefer	Head &amp; Smolders
What does caravans and women underwear have in common	Both are in the way if you are in a hurry
What does a paedophile like to do while on vacation	Get some son.
What do a baby and a pancake have in common	If it s black it ain t good
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi	There, their, they're......
What's the difference between a petri dish and white people	A petri dish develops a culture.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale	Humpme Dumpme!
What did Joe Hill say when someone asked if he was Joe King	No, I'm dead serious.
What happened to the Marine that took a laxative	He was relieved of doodie.
What do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care	An eggsy-stench-alist.
What do Romeo and Juliet have in common with melons	They both cantaloupe.
What Time Is It	Its time for lunch.
What do you call a sheep with no legs	A cloud
What was the jew doing in the ashtray	Family research.
What do you call a jew who works at a brewery	A he brew.
What do you call a woman in heaven	An Angel A crowd of women in heaven? - A host of Angels And all women in heaven? - PEACE ON EARTH!
What is Jared Fogle's favorite meat in his Subway subs	9 year old weiners
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	Decaffeinated
What is the Italian postal motto	We know where **you** live, your family too!
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation	A radical equation.
What do you do if an Elephant breaks his big toe	Call a big toe truck.
What did the god of lightning say after working out for the first time	I'm Thor
What does a pig put on his cut	Oinkment
What does a racist baker exclaim	white flour!
What is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called	Dr Whoover
What does a Mexican duck say	Guac Guac
What does a sheep, a drum, and a snake all say when falling off of a cliff	Baa-Dum-Sss
What's the best drink for a dog	An old faschund.
What does my ex and a tampon have in common	They're both stuck up cunts.
What's grey and comes in quarts	Elephants
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb	You can always unscrew a light bulb.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn	A: Out dated farming equipment.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run	A small medium at large.
Whats black and thin and all over my private parts	Dead African Children
What's the worst part about being black and jewish	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What is Dwight Schrute's hometown	Nanda Parbeets.
What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston	My car can hit 50.
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	OBAMA'S tie
What did the dejected man say to the considerate calculator trying to console him	It's the bot that counts.
What's the difference between boogers and rice pudding	Nobody eats rice pudding.
What are the strongest days	Saturday and Sundays. The others are weakdays
Whats the difference between a priest and acne	? Acne waits until your 12 to come on your face.
What do you call a party with no Filipino people	A no-Nguyen scenario.
What's smaller than a teenie weenie ant	An ant's teenie weenie!
What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday	Christmas, Carl
What will men do if women become extinct	Domesticate another animal.
What did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant	A plaid tie.
What makes light beer and having sex on a canoe essentially the same thing	They are both fucking close to water.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts.
What did one dog say to the other when he wanted a marker	Pass the Shar Pei, please.
What happens when Vladimir Putin stands up too fast	Head Russian...
What did the doctor say to the man who walked off the roof of his house	I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation.
What is the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a Headcrab	Nothing.
What do you say if your mom sees you having sex	You say: Look mom, no hands!
What do you do if attacked by a clan of clowns	Go for the juggler
What do you have left after you burn a French alphabet	H Edit: I don't like explaining jokes but since the first guy didn't get I might as well: When pronounced in a French accent it sounds like ash.
What kind of juice does hitler drink	Concentrated juice.
What's worse than a lobster on your piano	Crabs on your organ!
What's worse than a lobster on your piano	Crabs on your organ.
What do you call... What do you call four mexicans standing in quicksand	Cuatros Cincos
What does a tight-rope walker eat for breakfast	A Balanced Diet!
What do you get if you cross a sorceress with a millionaire	A very witch person.
What do you call a skank playing ""H.O.R.S.E	She missed two shots, so she's a ho.  I'll leave now.
What do you call a Chameleon that cant change colors	A reptile dysfunction...
Whats the difference between Usain bolt and Hitler	Usain bolt can finish a race. Edit: Grammar
Q: What's big, red, and eats rocks	A: A big red rock eater.
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline	I take my shoes off to jump on a trampoline.
What did the butcher say when he handed his customer an empty pack of hotdogs on halloween	Happy halloweenie
Whats so great about twenty-five year olds	There's 20 of them! (I can't believe this isn't a repost.)
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	a pilot
What are three signs old age	1. Becoming forgetful
What do you have to know to be a real estate salesman	Lots.
What's wrong with the phrase ""War on Drugs""	Wars end.
What are your best corny jokes	I want them all! ""What's brown and sticky?"" ""A stick.
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song	Cremia River
What does an Asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall	A broken nose.
What's the difference between the foundation of a building and the average Redittor	The foundation's been laid.
What were the political views of the librarian	She wanted open borders.
What's Bill Clinton's favorite Pink Floyd jam	Have a Cigar
What do you get when you cross pickle &amp; deer	Dildo.
What do you call a closet full of lesbians	A liquor cabinet.
What's the difference between a black man and a bike	The bike doesn't start singing when you put a chain on it.
What did the first ape that could walk say to all the other apes	I'm walkin' here!
What did the husband tell his wife to do after he slapped her	The same thing he told her the first time!
What did the Indian man name his sandwich shop	New Delhi :D
What's the most popular pub in the Middle East	The Allahu ak-Bar
What do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial	High koala tea
What do Caitlyn Jenner and WWII have in common	The Battle of the Bulge.
What do pigs do on nice afternoons	They go on pignics.
What do you call a rich South American	A Brazilianaire!
What's the difference between little girls and wine	Wine gets better as it gets older
What does a mathematician get from a day at the beach	Tan lines.
What do you call a group of obese gender reassigned persons	Trans fats.
What do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles	Natasha Ramenoff
What's Harry Potter's favorite way to go down a hill	Walking...JK, Rolling!
What has 3 thumbs and was born near a nuclear power plant	This guy
What's your favorite medical joke	I've memorized a lot of jokes from a previous ""doctor joke"" thread, and need some fresh material!
What's the difference between a Trump voter and a polar bear	One is a fat, white, mindless killing machine with no conscience or future, and the other is a bear.
What do you get when eating toast in bed	Un-crumb-fortable
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer	They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
What's the generic name for Viagra	Mycoxafloppin.
What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore	Borders
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground	Shoot him again.
What do kazoos and my father have in common	They were both around for a short time in the '90s only to be unheard of from then on.
What's a russian's favorite golf club	A putin wedge.
What's black and doesn't work	A broken TV.............. racist.
What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards	In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade.
What's the cheapest form of birth control	Casey Anthony
What do you call someone who pretends to work in a victorias secret	A panty-mime
What do you call a Mexican knockoff burger restaurant	Carlos Jr.
What do you give an actor playing the role of an angry street gang member	Mad props...
What do you call a homosexual man on roller skates	Rolaids.
Q: What do modern artists eat for breakfast	A: Surreal.
What's Mike Tyson's favorite Scarlett Johansson film	Luthy.
What is Reagan's favorite vegetable	Jim Brady
What do you call a girl that raps about women rights	Feminem.
what do you call it when you donate a vagina to charity	good will cunting
Q: What does an apple and an apple tree have in common	A: They both don't drive tractors.
What do performing bears at the circus get for lunch	30 minutes.
What did the Chemist have with his Eggs	Barium, Cobalt and Nitrogen.
What's the best part about having a blind partner	You know they won't be seeing other people.
What's the difference between a crab with a boob job and a dirty bus station	One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station.
What do you call a person who makes a clever point during a discussion at another's expense	A Douche
What did the blue denims say to the black denims	I guess we have different genes! *knee slap* ... I'll see myself to the door
What does a cobra say to his friends after he kills a mongoose	I wasn't scared at all. Without you, I wouldn't even know what a quiver is.
Q: What time do kids need naps	A: At whine o'clock.
What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out	Oven mitts.
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password	1forrest1
What do you call a lizard with sex problems	Ereptile Dysfunction
What did the lightbulb say to its mother	I wuv you watts and watts.
What did the dyslexic bank robber say when he robbed the bank	Air in the hands motherstickers! This is a fuck up!
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth	Stuck
What do you call the Japanese demon of spices	The Pepper Oni.
What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt	Culture
What's pink and wrinked and hangs out my Y-fronts	My mum.
What's gray squeaky and hangs around in  caves	Stalagmice !
What do you call the reindeer with one eye higher than the other	Isaiah!
What's the best thing about turning 65	No more calls from insurance salesmen.
What do you call one white guy surrounded by 10 black guys	Coach. What do you call one white guy surrounded by 100 black guys? Warden.
What do you get when you cross Christmas and a Duck	A Christmas-Quacker!
What do you call a bird with big boobs	A para-teet.
What is the difference between Coors beer and a ... clitoris	A clitoris only tastes like piss for a second.
Q: What's a little quicker than a shark	A: The Little Mermaid on her period.
What is created when you rub two oranges together	Pulp Friction
What's the difference between black people and cancer	Cancer got Jobs.
What is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute	Both work better with the lights off.
What do you call it when someone resuscitates a person who chokes on alcohol	La chaim-lich maneuver.
What did Mozart say to the police clerk	I'll be Bach"" hahaha. What do you mean they're different people
What's grey and can't fly	A parking lot.
What is long and hard that women don't have compulsorily	The military service.
What do you call a gay drive-by	A fruit roll up.
What's enormous, gray, and unimportant	Irrelephant.
What kind of bees make milk	Boo-bees
What do you call an Asian with a big... NSFW Butt hole	Gay ping!
What's the difference between a snitch whose been caught and a free-spirited orphan with an Oedipus complex	One's a dead-ass motherfucker. The other's a dead mother ass-fucker.
What's the best remedy for a sex starved drug addict	A jack and coke.
What did Sean Connery do when he saw a guy drowning	he started undressing and yelled 'I will shave you'
What's a pirate's favorite letter	The P. If the P was taken away, he would be irate
What kind of farm has lots of books but no livestock	Barns and no-bulls. (This joke was made up by my 7 year-old cousin.)
What is the difference between a 5 and a 2	3.
What do you give the guy who has everything	Penicillin
What's the difference between Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump	Reagan helped tear down a wall.
What do you call someone who points out the obvious	Someone who points out the obvious
What do you call Halloween for feminists	Triggertreat
What's the difference between a stripper and a hooker	Usually about $40
What's the difference between a Therapist and The Rapist	Just a little space
What kind of book did Frankenstein's monster like to read	One with a cemetery plot.
What country uses the most foul language	Turkey
What do naked fish play with	Bare-a-cudas !
What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist	One wags it's tail, while the other tags a whale
What are a redneck's last two words before dying	WATCH THIS !
What type of shoes do ninjas wear	Sneakers
What does a bug say when it accidentally breaks its exoskeleton	You gotta be chitin me!
What's big, grey and makes you jump	The elephant of surprise. :)
What do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch	Names.
What happened to the road	Depressions.
What was the first 3D printer	Your butthole! *** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach.
What did Melania Trump say after being stopped by an officer	License and registration, please.
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What is a trailer park's favorite game	Twister
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair!
What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common	Thousands of brown loafers
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	Fitting in.
What do you call an ant who can't play the piano	Discordant !
What did the traffic light say to the car	Don't look at me I'm changing.
What does a lesbian couple do for fun while they're having their periods	Fingerpaint!
What does a rock put on when it stinks	Geodorant.
What runs, but never sprints	Inherited obesity
What did the french chef give his wife on Valentine's day	A hug and a little quiche.
what currency does the sun use	starbucks
What type of wife always knows where her husband is	A widow
What's the difference between Santa and a jew	Santa goes down the chimney, the Jews go up.
What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife	Ultra sound
What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants	Hey man urine
What did Princess Fiona call her husband when she found him in the middle of a gay orgy	Bishrekual
What do you call a Dr. that shares your medical history with everyone	a HIPAAcrite
What did the racist chess player say	All Rook same!
What do you call 4 condoms	For me, a year's supply.
What happened to the tasty noun	Verbatim.
What do you call Christopher Walken when he is sitting	Christopher Sitten
What is a prostitutes favorite food	Anything but blue waffles.
What is a water bottle's favorite game to play	Follow the litre.
What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk	Woof.
Whats faster then a Aboriginal with a TV	His son with the xbox.
Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby	One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon
What fruit did Hillary grind up in her juicer	13 blackberries and 5 apples
What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer	Vladimir Putting
What happened to Mr. Chin after all 10 of his children disappeared	He developed a ten Chin deficit disorder.
What do you call a group of pigs	A precinct.
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill	Walking. J.k, rolling.
What do you call a hooker that was shot by a sniper	360 hoscope
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass. (Haven't seen this on here, hope its not a repost.)
What the sound of a rainbow laughing	Hue hue hue hue
What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music	Rock 'n' Roll
What do you call an acid with an attitude	A-mean-oh acid
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold	One's a sick duck and.... ....I can't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.
What kind of dog doesn't do well in hot weather	A faint Bernard!
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What do you call a blind german guy	A not see.
What was Bob Marley's favourite font	Sans Sheriff!
What does a man say after sex	Nothing, he's happy and content with life.
What do you call a fat female assassin	A killer whale.
What's a redneck's favorite type of bread	Inbred
What did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor	my ghosh
What happens when you get more than you payed for with a Mexican Gigolo	The second coming of Jesus.
What did the bra say to the toupee	You go on ahead, I'll hold these two up.
What do you call a hypnotist that works with wealthy children during the summer	an heir conditioner.
What's the difference between an elected official and a piece of garbage	Garbage gets thrown out.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew	The boy scout comes home from camp.
What did the woman do that found gold in her vagina	She mined her own business.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hare-line.
What is a cannibal's favorite fruit	Granny Smith
What happens to a laffy taffy joke in the rain	It makes me laugh a little bit, in the rain.
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you drink through that?
What is the worst animal std	Gatoraids
What do you call a farmer in the army	E.I. G.I Joe.
What adjective do you use to describe a bad pun	Pungent
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut.
Whats the difference between Trump and Hitler	About 70 years
What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter	He's all round.
What did Tony the Tiger say to the kids playing baseball	Theeeeeeeeey Never expect the Spanish Inquisition!
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo	A Klondike.
What do you call a gay dentist	The Tooth Fairy
Q: What's brown and in a baby's diaper	A: Michael Jackson's hand !!
What is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night	A stillborn
Whats the best part of living in Switzerland	Im not too sure either but the flags a big plus.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You think it's the ""R"" but it's really the ""C"". Happy talk like a pirate day!
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car	Get in the car Robin
What do you call an Asian prize fighter who's dad has a serious case of diarrhea	A slap happy jappy with a crap happy pappy
What's the difference between Whose Line is it Anway and /r/jokes	On Whose Line is it Anyway, *everything* is made up.
What do Indian flowers grow	Patels (this may or may not have been inspired by a dumb facebook post I saw)
What did the Frenchman say when he saw a dirty toilet	Eau de Toilette! (eww, the toilet)
What do you get if you play a C&amp;W song backwards	Your wife back, your house back, your car back, and your dog back.
What bus crossed the Atlantic Ocean	Columbus
What U.S. State has the smallest sodas	Minisoda
What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers	A virgin.
What's blue and sits on the toilet	A policeman doing his duty!
What is the suicide emergency hotline number in Brazil	127 Edit: [for clarification](http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/matches/round=255955/match=300186474/)
What's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long	Nothing
What's a pirate's favorite workout program	Pirates (pronounced like pilates)
What's red and bad for your teeth	A brick
What do you call a bunch of people buying non-brand name ice skates	Cheapskates getting cheap skates
What was Hitler's least favourite month	Jew-ne
what does a Nazi turkey say	Goebbles Goesbbles
What is the deadliest volcano	Mount Kill-a-man-jaro
What do Michael Jackson and Jimmy Savile have in common	they touched some many lives
What's the most embarrassing part about Hillary Clinton's emails	The Nigerian Prince actually came through with the money transfer.
What do you call a prositute on her period	Unemployed.
What's the difference between an oyster with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea	Well, one you shuck between the fits and the other...
What do you call someone who is known for being heartless and cold to others	Dead
What did the Computer Engineer say	What did the computer Engineer say when he saw his favorite drink? ICT
What does Jeffrey Dahmer and Peewee Herman have in common	They were both caught with hands in their drawers.
What time do dentists fly airplanes	Tooth Hurty (2:30)
What do they pass around after dinner at Buckingham Palace	Under Eights.
What has bottom on the top	Legs.
Q:What happened when Smokey the Bear started the forest fire	A: He got arrested just like you would've.
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog	... At least when your eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you!
What does the shy little pebble wish for	To be a little Bolder.
What does a baby have in common with a old car	They're fun to take apart, but they're a real bitch to put back together.
What do you call a hippopotamus in an I.C.U.	Hippo-critical.
Q: What is the first thing that President Clinton says after waking up	A: ""Good morning Bill.
What does your mom and a rain forest have in common	If you look deep enough in the bush, you might find a cockatoo.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Stroganoff.
What do Nazi Germany and vaginas have in common	Their tendency to subjugate poles.
What did the bee say to his wife	No on knows. It's a Mister Bee.
What did the spice merchant say when someone knocked on his door	Cumin!
What do black people and Apple Inc. have in common	They have no jobs
What do you call	What do you call a donkey with three legs?? A wonkey!!
What do you call a hirsute ceramicist	Hairy Potter
What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection	Gingerbread
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An investigator!
What's the difference between parsley.... and pussy	Nobody eats parsley anymore.
What do you call a handjob from a rocket scientist	A stroke of genius.
What do you call a cross between a donkey and an onion	A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye
What do you call a person who makes surrealist sandwiches	Salvador Deli.
What do terrorists eat when its sunny	Choc-ISIS
What is 6.9	A really good time ruined by a period.
What did the Reddit admins do for Christmas	[removed]
What did the Buffalo say to his son that was leaving for College	Bison
What's the difference	? What's the difference between Cinderella and Princess Diana?  At midnight Cinderella's car didn't turn into a wall.
Q: What do you call that great feeling of satisfaction you get when you finish your homework	A: The aftermath.
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple	Being raped by a giant praying mantis.
What's it called when the queen farts	Helium Neon Argon Krypton Xenon Radon
What does Egyptian airport security have in common with Los Angeles airport security	Both have LAX security.
What is the quickest way to get Trump out of The White House	? Put Monica Lewinsky in there. She's not the hero we deserve, but she'd be da real MVP we need right now.
What do bees chew	Bumble gum.
What do you call a guy who hangs out with a bunch of musicians	A drummer.
What do Indian Flowers grow	Patels.
Q: What did the writing utensil take for his high sugar level	A: Pencil-in.
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew	The black Jew has to sit in the back of the gas chamber.
What do you call a woman who's not wearing underwear	A barracuchi.
What Does a Duck Smoke	( _)&gt;- **Quack** (_)
What did the three holes in the ground say	Well, well, well My grandpa's favorite joke. Took me five years to get it.
What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin	Zimmerman can dodge a bullet.
What do you call it when fish stop having babies	Minnow-pause
What did the blonde say when she looked down at her bowl of Cheerios	Look, donut seeds!
What's the difference between an all girls soccer team and a tribe of pygmies	One is a bunch of cunning runts.
What do you call a hatred for large plants	Bigotree
What do you call a cancerous growth on a clown	A *humor*.
What do you call a Mexican in quick sand	Quatro Sinko
What do a coffee pot, Irene, and the reigning Stanley Cup champions have in common	They're a-Brew'in!
What do you call phrases that Jews often say	Judaisms.
What game do 18 dogs like to play during the summer	Woofleball
What do you call a guy with no legs at your front door	Matt
What do you calll a woman that people sit on	Cher !
What do Russians and gays have in common	They both like bears.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An in""vest""igator :D
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	You only need 1 nail to hang the picture
What do jehovah's witnesses believe in	That I will open the door
What do you call a medical student that graduated at the bottom of his class with a 2.0 GPA	A doctor
What's the difference between sex and conversation	You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion...
What do you call a dog that does magic	A labracadabrador
What's black brown and white black brown and white brown and white etc.	A Gorilla riding down a snowbank!
What do you call it... when an old man cums all over you	Viagra Falls My wife just made up this joke and wondered if she actually made it up or if she is just not remembering where she heard it.
What do u call a gay dinosaur	A mega-sore-ass
What do you call a lazy fan of the old Price is Right	a Barker Lounger !
What do Australians use for sun burns	Aloe, mate. I'm sorry
What do lesbians in Alaska sing	What would you do ew ew in a Klondike bar.
What do wizards call unmagical African Americans	Niggles
What do you call someone who supports Hillary	Paid off.
What's better: A Parachute Jump or a BJ of a 90 year old	doesn't matter... must not look down..
What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome	A hand-me-down.
What do you call a panda who's legs don't work	Pandapalegic
What kind of bee can't be understood	A mumble bee !
What did the Maple syrup farmer say when he saw a good looking maple tree	I'd tap that.
What's the difference between Santa Claus &amp; Michael Jackson	one comes when children dream &amp; the other dreams of children coming*.
What do you call a terrorist from Paris	A Paririst
Whats pink and smells awful	Your mums cunt lol
What do you call a pig... ...with an unusually high IQ	Einswine
What did the old Frankish barbarians say to the Roman invasion	[](/dumbfabric)""You don't have the *Gaul* to do it!
What do you call a penis with bad logic	A phallusy.
What did T say to reassure V	Don't worry. I'm right behind U.
What does a dog become after it 6 years old	Seven years old.
What does Gordon Ramsay say when he gets a rash	IT'S FUCKING RAW!
What do we want	Race-car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww!
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar nazi	There, Their, They're
What do you do when a horse breaks down	Call triple neighhh!
What do you call a poster of a sexy pepper	A jalapinup
What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber	Lets make salat
What's the speed limit of sex	68 Because at 69, you flip over and eat it.
What do you get when you vaporize a king	A noble gas.
What body movements alert you that a politician is lying	His lips are moving.
What do you call a fish without any eyes	Boneless chicken
What do you call an overweight homosexual	Jigglypuff.
What's black, white, and red all over and can't turn around in a narrow hallway	A nun with a spear through her head.
What's an emo's favorite file type	.rar
What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt	A cairopractor.
What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear	FLAC jackets
What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes	Heath Ledger jokes can get old....
What do you call a store that sells terribly made Nun appeal	The Bad Habit.
What do Nazi marijuana farmers say to their employees	BALE HYDRO!!
What do you call a slutty egg	Over easy!
What are the three words that men hate to hear during sex	Are you done?
What is the lactose intolerant man's least favorite chore	Laun-dairy.
What do you get when you cross an orthodontist and a secret agent	It's confi-dental
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman	Have an ice day!
What is the difference between peanut butter and a blonde	The blonde is easier to spread!
What happened in China on Christmas	The Rice-child was born.
What do you call a baseball player who watches porn	A master batter
What will happen if you put anal lube where oil should be in your car	I don't really know, but I think it will run pretty shitty
What rock group have four men that don't sing	Mount Rushmore.
What happens when you pet a cat in the opposite direction	You rub them the wrong way
What goes dot-dot-croak dot-dash-croak	Morse toad !
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed	I don't wanna be obama self.
What sound does a Japanese camera make	Crick
What is a junkies favorite drink	Hepsi
What do you tell a pornstar right before their video to pump them up	Get your head in the game.
What did the psychiatrist say to the man who walked into her office wearing only cling wrap	I can clearly see you(')r(e) nuts.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's gonna take me a while to get hard. I just got laid by a chick.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it	Short.
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee you racist fuck.
What is potential energy's favourite season	Summer, because it comes before fall
What do you call a video game that gives cancer	Tombr Aider
Q: What part of the road is always crying	A: The breakdown lane.
What is the difference between an elephant and a flea	An elephant can have fleas but a flea can't have elephants !
What did the man say when the calculator agreed to help him load the car	I KNEW I COULD COUNT ON YOU
What don't BMWs have that all other manufacturers do	Turn signals
What's easier to pick up the heavier it is	A girl.
What did the Shepard say when he saw the sheep	I herd that!
What do you call a rich Chinese person	cha ching
What happens when the fog lifts in California	UCLA.
What do you call an Englishman with an IQ of 50	Colonel, sir. ^ ^
whats the difference between a Ferrari and 5 dead children	i dont have a Ferrari in my garage.
what do you call a 145 million year old swine carcass	Jurassic Pork Ill show^myself^out
What did the alcoholic 7 get diagnosed with	Heptatitis
What do Wesson and KY have in common	Despite it being technically accurate, they'd both prefer you not refer to their products as ""rape oil
What do you call a meth-head that's been up for 2 weeks	A two-weeker
What do you call it when you tie a brick to a jar of Miracle Whip and throw it into the ocean	Sink-o de Mayo
What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink	a milkshake
What do you call a guy who fucks himself	[Ethan Hawke](http://i.imgur.com/tXrW7HU.jpg).
What do you say to Floyd Mayweather after his arms have been cut off	Whatever you like.
What do you call a promiscuous woman who travels a lot	Abroad.
What do you call a kangaroo who chases rock stars to have sex with them	A kangaroupie.
What do you call a dragon that can't sit still	A wiggle wyrm.
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%	A: Her wedding cake.
What's the funniest type of Mexican food	Fajitahahahas
What did the big cracker say to the little cracker	My pop is bigger than yours !
What did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike	Look ma, no hands!
What happened to the blind circumcisor	He got the sack.
What is Spider-Man's favorite rice	Uncle Bens!
What did the slutty DNA say to the other DNA	Unzip your genes.
What does Donald Trump play most of the time	President Evil.
what do you call a fake noodle	An impasta! :D
What's the difference between your mom and a washing machine	If I dump a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow me around for the next few weeks.
What did the vampire say to her kids	Eat your dinner before it clots!
What is Green and Oblong	A well disguised orange!
What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common	JACK OFF
What do cannibals call shin meat	Below knee
What's the difference between Santa Claus and A Black Rapper	Santa stops after three hoes.
What's worse than getting AIDs	Having to find out that your dog has AIDs too.
What did the cannibalistic lion do	Swallow his pride.
What do white girls and Prime numbers have in common	They can't even..
What do you call a WWII battle that finished it's senior year at communism school	Leningrad
What does heroin make you feel like	More heroin.
What does Subway and a Hollywood Tranny have in common	Both offer $5 dollar Foot Longs I'll be here all week cause my car broke down by the shakeys next the aqueduct
What did the Russian man say to the boy after he did nice for someone	That was *Cher-i-nobyl* of you
What does a redneck do on Halloween	Pumpkin
What is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour	A frog in the blender
What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like	Bacon.
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
Whats the difference between a murder and Hamlet performed by geese	Nothing, they're both fowl play
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
What did the doctor tell the panda bear after the results of his child's paternity test came back	I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the results are a bit grizzly.
What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes	White vans.
What's the worst trick you can do to your blind brother	Leave the plunger in the pot.
What's a parrot's favourite song	I love Parrots in the Springtime!
Q: What's got four legs and no ears	A: Mike Tyson's dog.
What do you call a gay person in a wheelchair chair	Rollaids
What's wrong with a chameleon that can't change colors	He has a reptile dysfunction.
what do you call the offspring of two lesbians	A hermaphrodike
What did the scientist say to his fellow co-worker to stop him from jumping off the cliff to as an act of suicide	Don't jump, you've got so much potential!
What happened when the computer fell on the floor	It slipped a disk.
What has over a hundred teeth and keeps back Godzilla	my zipper!
What do black people do after sex	15 to life
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	Telling your parents you're gay.
Whats the difference between a Hoover and a Harley	The position of the dirtbag.
What do you call the version of google maps without pac man	Pac Man-free Ver.
What did the science teacher say when the kid was experimenting with magnets	May the force be with you
What do you call a friendly Chinese man who gives out free firewood	Kind Ling
What do a virgin and a used Prius owner have in common	Neither of them have had sex
What is the difference between camping and being homeless	Marshmallows
What's the easiest way to piss off a bunch of redditors	[DELETED]
What does a black man do after sex	15 years.
What is a pirate's favorite class in school	Arrrrrrt class.
What's the difference between and elephant and a mail box	I don't know. I hope you're not allowed to take the mail out to the mail box.
What did the scarecrow say when asked about his job	This job isn't for everyone, but hay...it's in my jeans
What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch	Death Valley.
What do you call ten Utah State law students standing ear to ear	A wind tunnel.
What do you call it when homosexual congressmen have lunch together	A Federal Mandate
What do you get when you cross a border collie with a pit bull	A dog that is smart enough to bury the bodies.
What's 3 inches long and pleases all women	A credit card.
What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be	An Ex-Man.
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of dead babies	You can't use a pitchfork to unload bowling balls.
What do you get when you cross a Native American with phosphorylation	ATP
What do you call a fly without wings	A walk. What do you call that same fly without legs? A raisin.
What happens when you zip up a lion	It rars
What do you call a fish that's worth a lot of money	A goldfish!
What do you call a Deer with... No eyes	: **No idea** No eyes and no legs?: **Still no idea** No eyes and no legs, having sex? **Still f*cking no idea** And where do you find it? **Where you left it**
What do soy beans and dildos have in common	They are both meat substitutes!
What has two thumbs and got laid last night	My hands.
What did the dinosaur say to the caveman	RAWR!
What is a south Koreans favorite fruit	An impeach.
What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend	Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?
What sort of transport does a sheep use	A ewe-nicycle
What do you get when David Lynch directs a remake of The Godfather	Someone who makes you an offer you can't understand.
What does a guy who can predict the lottery numbers 99% of the time have in common with the letters C, D, G, H, J, K, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z	They're not infallible
What do you call a black man in a stunt plane	The brown streak.
What is the scientific measurement for moistness	Digits...
What does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common	As soon as I put money on them, they suck.
What's the difference between an Asian and a dumb white girl	The Asian try to get the A, but the white girl try to get the D
What's the difference between a sigh a car and  a monkey	A sigh is oh dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you  dear.
What kind of bone will a dog never eat	A trombone! From Fargo Ep. 2
What came first, the chicken or the egg	The rooster.
What's the Best Way To Embarrass A Psychic On Their Birthday	Throw Them A Surprise Party.
What does a man with five dicks wear	Pants that fit like a glove.
What do you call a french lesbian	A tresbien
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion	Decaffeinated
What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the closet	Last year's Hide and Go seek champion.
What did the spider say when he broke his new  web	Darn it !
Q: What does an Irishman have for dinner	A: Starvation. Q: And what does he have for dessert? A: Ethnic cleansing.
What was the best time in history for the Italians	The Marin-era
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	A bad golfer goes *whack* ""damn"" and a bad skydiver goes ""damn"" *whack*
What do 50 cent hot dogs have in common with lumber	Two buy four.
What do you call a guy with no arms, no legs, and sits in a pile of leaves	Russell.
What's the difference between God and Donald Trump	God doesn't think he's Donald Trump
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles
What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event	Cross country
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	denim denim denim
What do you call an annoying black person	A nagger.
What do a coffee shop and a Japanese castle siege have in common	Baristas
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common	They're both alright for a ride until your mates find out!
what does a son tell to his mother when he's leaving his house in India	Mumbai
What do white supremacists drink at their rallies	White Powerade
What happened to the octopus in the football game	He had tentackles.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	An Idontthinkhesaurus.
What is the difference between Jam and Jelly	I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What do you call 40 mexicans standing in your yard holding hands	Spicket fence.
What do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy	A nice tight seal
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backward	A receding hareline.
What do you call a man with no body and just a nose	Nobody nose.
What starts with 'D' and has two letters in it	w
What is long, hard and leaves a warm, white, sticky substance in your mouth	Toothbrush.
What's the worst part about eating 69 oysters out of your grandma	Finding out she already posted this joke on Reddit.
What does an accountant use for birth  control	His personality.
What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce	Chicken caesar salad
What concert costs 45 cents	50 cent featuring nickelback
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall	A broken nose.
What did the Russian people light their houses with before they started using candles	Electricity.
What did the mother say to the pedophile at the beach	Get out of my sun!
What is the rapper's favorite bread	2 Grainz
What do you get when you have Tiger Woods, Stephen Hawking, and Dwayne Johnson in the same room	An Animal, a Vegetable, and a Mineral.
What did the overweight woman say to Buffalo Bill when she woke up	I can't feel my face when I'm with you...
What do Pentecostals and Nudists have in common	Neither can wear pants
What bird tastes just like butter	A stork !
What's the most dangerous animal in Africa	Black people. (Slightly Racist I know)
What do gay Asian men do in the bedroom	They Bangkok
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a washing machine	A washing machine doesn't go apeshit and stalk me for years when I put a couple of loads in it.
what do you call a sad ditch	a depression.
What do you get if you cross a telephone with a night crawler	Ringworm!
What is Irish and sits on the porch	Patty O'Furniture
What's hairy dangerous and only surfs the  Net when there's a full moon	The www.erewolf.
What do you call someone who won't get off your lawn	A grasshole.
What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex	Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak.
What do you call a nut that eats other nuts	A pecan-nibal! Made this up at work while hungry.
What would you call ISIS after they've been eliminated	WASWAS.
What do you call a horse with a broken leg	Worthless
What is the difference between a Windows Phone and a brick	One is a brick and the other is a brick with a screen
What did the rapper say when he couldn't find his pants	Where my knickers at?
What's a hats favourite thing	Getting head
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About half way.
What do black people with Down's Syndrome call their friends	Their Chromies
What's big, green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you	A pool table.
What is a goat herder known as in the Middle East	A Pimp
What do you call a cheap circumcision	a rip off
What do you get when you mix a bulldog and a shih tzu	Bullshit. Works better if you say it out loud.
What is the prettiest thing about a DC girl	Her resume.
What do books and sex have in common	They both have a climax.
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women	Snow balls. Ha
What do you call a woman who misses her period	Fucked
What do a slinky and your mother in law have in common	They're both fun to watch tumble down stairs.
What if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh	But instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! So much lol, that it will make you fall!
What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off	Aw shucks!
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common	They both think de-porting is the answer after there's no more Job's
What do you call a fly without any wings	A walk
What's the United States favorite brand of shortening	San Fran Crisco
What did little no armed Jimmy get for Christmas	Gloves! Haha I'm joking. He hasn't opened it yet.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four-year old child	Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!
What did the commitment averse monster truck announcer say to his girlfriend when she asked him, ""When are you going to finally ask me to marry you	###SOMEDAY ###SOMEDAY! ###SOMEDAY!!
What do you call a group of homosexual musicians from India who never get to play out	A Gay Raj band
What's the difference between a lawnmower and a hooker	When I'm choking the lawnmower, I don't stick my dick in it.
What's a mathematician's favorite plant	Geometry
What looks ridiculous and is often spotted on top of an asshole	Donald Trump's Hair.
What happened to the native man that drank 23 cups of tea	He went home and drowned in his tea pee.
What's the difference between funny jokes, and the jokes that make always make it big on reddit	Puns. Fuck puns.
Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake	Sheet cake.
What did the officials say whenever systematic punishment was banned	There's no punchline.
What do you call an detective's glasses	Inspectacles
What do you get if you cross a teddy bear with a pig	A teddy boar !
What did the ""O"" call the Zero	Weirdo!
Whats the difference between a Pope and acne	Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he is around 12.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	In the US you can't milk a cow for 14 years.
What did the Redditor say at his wedding	TIL death do us part.
What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra	He gets taller.
What happens to a tipped cow	They can't MOOve
What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice	Blow.
What's 9 inches long, purple, and I love to shove it down my girlfriend's throat	Her miscarriage.
What's the diffrence between a girl in a church and a girl in a bath	The girl in a church has a soul full of hope and the girl in a bath has, well... EDIT: better structure.
What did the ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing, it just waved
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute	One goes ""cockadoodle doo"", the other goes, ""Any cock 'ill do."" Old joke my 60-something grandfather told me when I was 10
What are those small bumps around women's nipples	It's Braille for ""Suck Here
What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community	Respectacle
What is your mom's favorite animal	Macaque.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose	Full.
What do you call a Chinese fly with no wings	A wok.
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer	One's a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other one's a fish.
What do you call someone from Zimbabwe holding a bottle cap in their hand	A trillionaire.
What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie	The Breakfast Club.
What type of flour do you buy an orphan	Self raising.
What was the burglar doing at Wayne Manor	Robin.
What do you call someone with no body and a nose	Nobody knows!
What was the pedophile's favourite drink	The milkshake, because it brought all the boys to his yard
What's the difference between Jesus and a vagina	A vagina is still good after a couple of nails
What do you call someone with no body and a nose	Nobody knows.
What do you call a horny guy in a pool	Driftwood
What did Adam say to Eve	Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
What do you get when you take Viagra with an iron supplement	an erection that points north.
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you	A phone moan.
What do two cousins say after they have sex	Roll Tide.
What do you call a white person wearing glasses while playing Yu-Gi-Oh	Four eyes white dragon. ^sorry if repost, thought of this myself.
What's DJ Khaleds favourite number	11, because it has another one
What did the /r/news mod say to the other /r/news mod	[censored]
[Nsfw]What is in common between broccoli and anal	Both feel bad as adult, if you're forced as a child
What's at the end of Moby Dick	A whale of a time!
What do you get when you mix chocolate milk and cocaine	Ovalsheen. Credit goes to my cousin on this one.
What is Vladimir's computer always doing	ComPutin
What do you get if you cross a gardener with a banker	A box hedge fund!
What's the difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist	You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
What do you get a man who has everything	storage
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle	A-tyre
Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a flashing yellow traffic  light	A: The color.
What do you call a women who always knows where her husband is	A widow
What's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times	An orbyte
What do you call a fish with 27 eyes	Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish
What's the only difference between a near sighted and a far sighted gynecologist	A wet nose.
What's long and hard on a black guy	A math test.
What's the worst part about getting raped by an eskimo	Being forced Inuit.
What did the great Ape shout to the pilots who tried to shoot him off the skyscraper	Listen hotshots don't monkey around with me!
What do you call a mouse with cheese but no crackers	Cracka-lackin
What do Pink Floyd &amp; Dale Earnhart have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What's the difference between a 1950s mental asylum and my fridge	One's filled with fruits and vegetables, the other's my fridge.
What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator	One can raise a child.
What did the homeless yoga instructor say when he was told to leave his camp site	Namaste.
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Donald Trump's tie.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bike and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle	Attire.
What does Donald Trump say when he's mad	There'll be hell toupee!
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat	A weasel is weasily recognised and a stoat is stoatally different!
[NSFW] What does a vagina and the weather have in common	When its wet its time to go inside
What did the shower say to the toilet	You may get more ass than I do, but look at all the shit you have to take"".
What do George Michael and Carrie Fisher have in common	Both their first names have six letters. That's it. For now. Edit: they're both dead.
Q: What did the football say to the football player	A: I get a kick out of you.
What did the two vaginas say to the butthole	Don't hate us if you anus.
What does a toddler get drunk off of	Jack Danimals!
What did Oprah say when she visited Harlem	YOU get a father, and YOU get a father, and YOU get a father! Everybody gets a father!!!
What is the difference between unlawful and illegal	One is against the law and the other is sick bird.
What is a pirates favorite letter	Most say the letter 'R' But a pirates first love is the mighty 'C' By the mighty 'C' I mean the clitoris YARRRRHHHHHhhh.....
What do you call a bear that is missing all of its teeth	? A Gummy Bear!
What did the mexican say when two houses fell on him	Get off me, homes!
What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use	Triple Eh's.
What do you say when you find two banana peels together	Answer: A pair of slipper
What's a paralympian's worst nightmare	Testing positive for WD-40
What is a pirates favorite letter	You think it'd be R, but his true love is the C.
What's white, big and could kill you if it fell out of a tree	A fridge.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotopuss.
What is the fastest way to lose pounds	Leave EU.
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts.
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts!
What did the man who invented the bum shaking machine realize when he turned it on	It twerked.
What is the difference between a toad and a horny toad	A toad says rib-it, rib-it. A horny toad says rub-it, rub-it.
What do you get when you cross a Jew	Christianity.
What do you call a little Mexican child	A paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.
What do a prostitute and a plumber have in common	They both service the john.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Stroking Off!
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit	BA-NA-NA-NAAAAAA!
What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer	...mainly SMALL ARMS.
What's someone who hates underwear's favorite song	Free Ballin - Foo Fighters
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts cost $2.00, but deer nuts are under a buck!
What do you call a clingy, moody scientist	A dependent variable
What do you call a bottle of glue in a spy's pocket	A bonding agent.
What's a blind mans worst fear	A prius
What did the farmer say when someone pooped into his water source	Well shit...
What is a cucumber and a dolphin doing in the same room	Sushi
What do you call a thug Australian mammal	a gang-aroo
What's the difference between Ireland and America	When we say waterboarding in Ireland it means surfing.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the the swine flu	For bird flu you need tweetment, for swine flu you need oinkment.
What type of car does a ghost drive	A BOOick.
What do you call a SWAT team with Snoop Dogg	A Blunt force
Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire	A: Frostbite.
What kind of doctor never leaves the hospital	An Oncologist
What do you call an atheist bone	A blasfemur.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter!
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple	A pimple only comes on your face after puberty.
What kind of snake is it good to have on a car	Windshield vipers.
What do you call an ant sized villain	The *ant*agonist.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile	Get in, Robin.
Whats the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo	A Hippo weighs 700lbs but a Zippos a little lighter
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	Aye Matey
What is the one thing you don't want to hear during sex	Honey, I'm home!
What do you call crystal clear urine	1080p
What do you get when you watch 'Cinderella' backwards	A woman in her place...
What is Tiger Woods favorite course	The intercourse.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair
What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play	His whore Monica.
What do I do when my luggage gets tired	I rest my case.
What's a priest on an egg called	A brother
What do you call an NBA Superstar who's first job was stocking milk	*Legen-dairy*
What does a feminist use as a contraceptive	Her personality
What did one black guy say to another black guy	We're both black guys.
What do cholos and female drivers have in common	When you see them rolling, you best be off the sidewalks...
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WatAHHH!!
Q: What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman	A: The car salesman can probably drive!
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew	Santa goes down the chimney
What did the teenage crow want for his birthday	a-CAW!
What did the Giant say to the cripple	Hodor. Hodor! Hodor!
What's the difference between a nun, and a prostitute in a bathtub	The nun has hope in her soul.
What are parents that you can see through	Transparents
What do you call a toothless bear	A gummy bear
What is green and white, throws pig skin, and is the worst team in the NFL	The Jets.
What did the old zombie dog say when she got a birthday bone	*My hip!*
What's a terrorist's favorite game	Jenga
What do you call a gay avatar	A bender.
What keyboard layout does Miley Cyrus use	TWERQY.
What type of music do they listen to in the Czech Republic	Prague Rock.
What's black and white and black and white and black and white and green	A skunk rolling down a hill with a pickle in its mouth.
What did the egg say at the party	Omelet
Whats the difference between your mom and a washing machine	When I drop a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around for a week.
What is the distinction between a man that has had a vasectomy and one who hasn't	I don't know, as far as I'm concerned there's not a vas deferens.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think it would be R, but they really love the C.
What is Hitlers favorite juice shop	Jamba Jews
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne	Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
What does Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashes	Nothing.
What do you call a political pig	A boar.
What do you call a person of Irish and Asian descent	Rice Paddy. - Edit: Credit goes to my nickname from some clever fucker classmate when I was a kid.
What's the richest kind of air	A millionaire.
Q: What's blue and looks like a bucket	A: A red bucket in disguise.
What is a terrorists favourite dessert	Ice is
What does a blonde owl say	Why!
What do you call a rabbit roaming with a pack of lions	One bad ass rabbit.
What do you say to a man with no body and no nose	No body nose.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino  \\()/
What sound does a shotgun make	Cobain Cobain
What's got no teeth and smells	The gearbox in the wife's car...
What do Snowmen call their offspring	Chill-dren.
What do you get when you cross a rhino with an elephant	Hell-if-i-know (my grandma's favorite joke)
What sound does a banambulance make	Naner naner naner
Q: What's the difference between one yard and two yards	A: A fence.
What does Jeb Bush have in common with a threesome	A lot of people think three bushes is one bush too many.
What do you call a short, round-bellied Salarian	Mordin Volus
What do you call a right angle that gets beaten into a long square	A rekt angle
What does 90 year old pussy taste like	.....Depends.
What do 7 million Chevy's have in common	I don't recall.
What are we gonna do with all this extra cocaine	The previous sentence has never been spoken in the history of earth
What did the maggot say to another	What's a nice maggot like you doing in a joint like this !
What do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eyepatch	Names.
What music do they play in a mexican bathroom	Earth wind and fire
What time does Sean Connery like to go to Wimbledon at	Tenish.
What did the Mexican family get for Christmas	Deported
what brand of power tool does Chris Brown use	Black and Decker.
What does a racist get for their birthday	KK-cake
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down	It gets toad away.
What did the Nuclear Engineer get for his birthday	Yellow Cake http://imgur.com/gallery/FGFV1Em/new
What does a drama student do while stuck in Math class	she cos(plays)
What do you call a mentally challenged feather pillow	A downs pillow.
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents	Roommates
What do you call an epileptic puppy	Kibbles 'n Fits.
What do you get when you cross Mike Myers and a T-Rex	Jurassic Wayne's World!
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer	Going to hell.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye matey!
What's the difference between an onion and a hooker	I cry when I cut up onions
What does a woman get every month that lasts 3-5 days	Her husband's salary.
Whats the only free food you will get from a Nigerian scammer	Spam.
What do you call a broken can-opener	A can't opener.
What kind of computer sings	A Dell.
What do you call a butler with a new set of teeth	An endentured servant
What were the Zodiac Killer's Plans for Vacation	To take a Cruz.
What do JFK and Obama have in common	Well, nothing yet.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning.
What's the difference... between a (nationality, ethnicity, etc you want to make fun of) man and a large pizza	~A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What is the unit of power	Yes
What's Hitler's favorite Chinese food	Lo mein kampf
What's the best thing about fingering a psychic who's on her period	You get your palm red
What has long ears hops and likes websurfing	The e-aster bunny.
What is it called when you call your ex	Ex-communication
What do you call two crows	Attempted murder
What do you call a cat that claims it's a lion crossed with a cougar	A liar.
What do you call a person in the White House who is honest, intelligent, and law-abiding	A tourist.
What does a baby smell like in a microwave	Nsfw I don't know I was too busy jerking off.
What do German women's lingerie and Africa have in common	Ze-bras!
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
What does a storm cloud have on beneath its clothes	Thunderwear!
What do you call a gay guy paralyzed from the neck down	A Tomato (because he's both a fruit AND a vegetable)
Q: What do you get when you cross a sheep and a porcupine	A: Nobody knows, but whatever it is, it knits its own sweaters.
What's the similarity between Bill Cosby and Santa have in common	They both come when you're asleep.
What do vegan zombies eat	GRAAAAINS
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $39 to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
What do a Boston Marathon runner and Hitler have in common	Neither can finish a race.
What do women and hand grenades have in common	When you pull the ring off, your house goes away
What has a bottom at the top	legs
What do ghosts say when a girl footballer is sent off	Ban-she ban-she !
What did Stevie Wonder say when he found out he was blind...	At least I'm not black
What did zero say to eight	Nice belt!
What did zero say to eight	Nice belt.
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chick pea	I'm not spending $100 to have a garbanzo on my face.
What do you call a symphony where everyone plays at the same time instead of taking turns	An *and*chestra.
What do you call a demon that lives in your butt	An ass-soul
What does an astronaut do when he gets angry	He blasts off:
What's an owl's favorite rock band	Owls personally prefer the track list of Rock Band 2. Just a solid game.
What's the difference between an Isis camp and an orphanage	I don't know, I just fly the drone
What did the black kid get on his SAT's	Barbeque sauce.
What is President Clinton's favourite game	Swallow the leader.
What do you call a cheese that's not yours	My cheese!
What is green and smells like paint	Green paint.
What did the vampire say to the werewolf after discovering its blood is inedible	Fangs for nothing!
What do you call milk at the edge of a cliff	Legendary
What do you call a group of medical professionals who navigate around the Horn of Africa without being accosted by pirates	Doctors without boarders.
What's the difference between your wife and your job	Your job sucks
What is a parrot's favorite game	Hide and Speak !
What do you call a guy who always phones people	Colin.
What was a poor Roman citizen's favorite breakfast	Fruity Plebbles.
What do you call a women who has had a lot of sex	Her name #Feminist jokes
What did the italian man with dementia have for dinner	Forgetti Bolognese.
What do you call a Nazi turkey	Joseph Gobbles.
What do you call the nicest guy in the hospital	The Ultra-sound guy..... Who covers him when he's not available? The hip replacement guy!
What do you call a pantry full of lesbians	A lick-her cabinet
What's the difference between humans and bullets	Humans miss Harambe
What's President Obama's favorite vegetable	Barack-oli
What did the Spanish fireman call his two sons	Jose and Hoseb
What did the little boy with cancer get for Christmas	AIDS
What's the best thing to come out of a penis	The wrinkles.
What did one Casket say to the other Casket	Is that you Coffin?
What do you tell a woman with no arms or legs	Nice tits.
What comes after Q Jokes	/r/Jokes
What is Hitler's least favorite drink	Orange Jews
What is it called when a thief steals a purse, runs into the street, then gets run over	*Car*ma
What do you call s'mores in Spanish	S'mas
What do you call Charlie Sheen in a wheelchair	ROLAIDS
What did the ice cream say to the unhappy cake	Hey what's eating you?
What do you call an illegitimate female cow	Miss Steak
What does DNA stand for	the National Dyslexic Association
What do you call a deer... without eyes	No eye deer. without eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. without eyes, legs, or genitalia? Still no fucking eye deer.
What washes up on small beaches	Microwaves!
What do you call a red-headed baker	A Ginger-bread man
What do a gallon of milk and the city of Carthage have in common	Ideally you only have to sack them once, but we should probably sack them again for good measure.
What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind when it hits a car's windshield	Its butt!
What do you call an overpriced and overhyped game	No Man's Sky.
What's the most important part about making a Pokemon joke	The Exeggution!
What do you call a French sandal	Philippe Flop!
Q: What did the blind German say	A: I can Nazi you!
what's the worst part about being a pedophile	trying to fit in.
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce	You make a seizure salad
What do you call a dog who likes to eat at subway	A sub-woofer!!
What did the bartender say to the horse	bartender: Why the long face? Horse: My alcoholism is destroying my family.
What gets whiter as it gets dirtier	Michael Jackson!
What do you call a chocolate Easter bunny that was out in the sun too long	A runny bunny.
What would a piggy-bank say if it could talk	Coink! Coink!
What does a guy call his diabetic girlfriend	Sweet Pee
What is the difference between an amateur archer and a constipated owl	One shoots but can't hit... The other hoots but can't shit.
What did transferred epithet tell hyperbole	Calm your tits, bro
What's the difference between an ass kisser and a brown noser	Depth perception.
What do you call a disabled man in the hood	A Kripple.
What is your favorite one to two line joke	Keep em coming boys and gals. This is making my 15 car ride way better!
What kind of online videos do fish love to watch	Hardcore prawn
What do you call a woman in Thailand	A three-legged lady
What killed the Wicked Witch of The West	Splash damage
What is the cheapest meat available	Deer Balls. They're under a buck!
What do Kermit the Frog and Henry the VIII have in common	Same middle name.
What do you do, if you're jerking off when you're meant to do something else but you're putting it off	Procrasturbation.
What is the difference between a single 40-year-old woman and a single 40-year-old man	The 40-year-old woman thinks often of having children and the man thinks often about dating them.
What illness are you suffering from if you keep seeing cartoon animals who talk	Disney spells.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman	the Dark Knight Rises
What kind of sunglasses does Ned Flanders wear	Oakley Dokelys
What's longer than most relationships these days	This status.
What is an MRI's favorite music	Metal
What's the difference between refrigerators and gay people	Refrigerators don't fart when the meat gets pulled out
What kind of wood doesn't float	Natalie.
What do you call a flower in Florida	Orlando Bloom.
What is the difference between Rihanna and a coconut	One is black and hairy and the other is a coconut
What do funeral home staff do if they mess up transporting a body	They go back and re-herse.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	The oyster farmer shucks between fits...
What do you call it when two bottles of lotion start dating	A re-lotion-ship.
What do you call	What do you call an anorexic with a east infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.
What's the difference between you and a calendar	A calendar has a future...
What's green and sings	Elvis Parsley
What the hell is almond milk	Almonds don't have titties
Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon	Pikajew!
What do you calla person that inherits a lot of money	A millionheir.
What do women and turds have in common	The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
What is the best thing to wear with a Michel Jackson jacket	Your Billie Jeans
What does a vegan zombie eat	Graaaaaaaaaaains
Q: What can a goose do a duck can't and a lawyer should	A: Stick his bill up his ass.
What do kids yell at old people who are just trying to play	GET OFF MY LAN!
What happened when the two angels got married	They lived harpily ever after!
What did one butt cheek say to the other	If we pull together, we can stop this shit.
What is a Stealth Bomber's favourite Banana in Pajamas	B-2
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breathe through that thing?
What do you call a homeless orphan	Depressing
What sound does a 747 make when it bounces	boeing boeing boeing
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic	Half way.
What does M.Night Shyamalan always order when he goes out for ice cream	A large twist cone.
What do you call a dumb seal	An imbeseal
What's better than breaking the seal on a bottle	breaking the seal on a rock.
What did the rubber band factory worker say when he was fired	Oh snap!
What's a cats favourite alcoholic drink	Whiskers on the rocks
What's the difference between a brick and an MRA	Bricks get laid.
What do you do when your suicidal friend asks for a hi-five	You leave him hanging....
What do you call a short Mexican	A paragraph
What's the difference between a USB and the USA	One connects to all your devices and accesses your data, the other is a harware standard.
What's a horrible icebreaker	The titanic
Whats the difference between a hospital and a terrorist stronghold	I dunno I just fly the drone.....
What is a goal keepers favourite snack	Beans on post !
What do call groups of the 5 most dangerous animals	A troop of gorillas A shiver of sharks A streak of tigers A band of Indians And a gang of niggers.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What do you call a tube with a degree	A graduated cylinder.
What's the difference between eugenics and a charity marathon	The second one is a race for the cure. Source:http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3180
What do Asians do when they have an erection	They vote
What's the hardest thing about skydiving	The Ground
What's the Russian word for Internet outage	Internjet
What do anal sex and bungee jumping have in common	If the rubber breaks, you're in the shit.
What is the most important use for cowhide	To hold the cow together.
What did the surgeon say when the doctor declined going out after work	Suture self!
What's a four letter word for ""a butt load of fun""	Anal
What happens to deposed kings	They get throne away.
What do you call a hippopotamus with an STD	A herpepotamus.
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last great hit was the wall.
What does 'J' stand for in Donald J Trump	'Genius' (This joke was stolen from CharlieDarwin2)
Whats the difference between a suicide bomber and a hooker..	? Nothing.. They like to blow..
What's the best part about being a mute	It goes without saying...
What do you call a dead baby hanging on a wall	Art
What did one tower say to the other	I've got a plane to catch
What do you get when you pour hot water down a rabbit Hole	A Hot Cross Bunny
What did the pony say when he sang with a sore throat	Sorry, I'm just a little hoarse!
What did the chef say when he ruined the soup with too many herbs	Well, this was a waste of Thyme.
What did the polygamist horse get on his wedding night	A double bridle
What's the difference between bruce banner and bruce jenner	One turned into a terrifying monster, the other is an avenger.
What should you do if you're cold	Stand in the corner, because it's 90 degrees.
What does an alcoholic nun have	A bad habit.
What do you call an angry pastry	A croissant
What does a Jew do to make them love Christmas	Install a parking meter on the roof.
What does the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two and now it's offensive to talk about.
What are ants called when they run away very fast to get married	Ant-elopers.
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian	? Jah-Bless!
What did the fancy cat say when he wanted to leave	Le meow
What's sometimes white, sometimes red and sometimes brown	My dick.
What do you call it when two female spies fall in love	Lesbianage
What is a whale's favorite song	Shout.
What do you get when you cut an Avocado into 6.02 x 10^23 pieces	a guacaMOLE
What do you call a fat female host of a talk radio show about fishing	A broadcasting broad casting broad.
What's the most dangerous animal in the world	A Bluebird with a Tommy Gun.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	On a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
What's black and brown on the inside and blue and white on the outside	Jail
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can only milk a cow for 10 years.
What's fat, sweaty, and bad at cooking	My ex wife!
What do you call a bolt that dresses like a woman	A cross-threader
What's the difference between a bear and the Bears football team	Nothing, they both shit in the woods.
What is the difference between catholic priest and acne	An acne doesn't come on boy's face until he's 13.
What should you do if there is a blackout at night	Call the police, they'll come and shoot it.
What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump	A rookie.
What's the difference between a dead cat and a dead lawyer on the road	The dead cat has skid marks around it.
What did the Muslim bring to the Holiday party	Falafel and hummus.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheet!
What is WILL.I.AM going to be called after he dies	WILL.I.WAS
What's an Ancient Roman's favorite sex position	LXIX.
What's everyone's least favorite dish	Cunt Pao Chicken!
What is a nickname for any black man	Tripod, because they have an extra leg..
What do you call a pallbearer from Oklahoma	A Karaoke
Whats grosser then gross	Shoving 12 oysters up your grandmothers vagina and sucking out 13.
What do you call a blond standing on her head	A brunette with bad breath.
What position makes the ugliest children	Ask your parents
What star sign is a donut	It's a Taurus!
What's blue and not very heavy	Light blue
What's black, white, black, white, black, brown, black brown, black, black, black, black, black	A nun on a spit
What road do crazy people take	The Pyscho**path**
What's a woman's favourite brand of Applejack	Dickson Cider
What did one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing, they just waved at each other.
What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal	I just passed your friend in the woods.
What's so fragile that even mentioning it breaks it	The male ego.
What is a vampires least favorite food	Steak! ...I'll see myself out now.
What do you call a tree that smokes weed	Snoop Log
What's the difference between a prostitute and a member of ISIS	One sucks and makes you explode, the other explodes and it sucks
What do Canadian girls have	Boobehs
What's the most popular dance in Warsaw	The pole dance.
What did the mother say to the son after he peed on the toilet seat	urine trouble.
What time is it when five dogs are chasing a cat down the street	Five after one.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang Rape
What do you call a dream about soda	a fanta sea
What did sushi A say to sushi B	Wassa B.
What's the worst part about going down on a black girl	Cotton mouth
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts cost $1.50, while deer nuts are under a buck.
What does your girlfriend and my garage have in common	I pull out of both of them.
What do you call someone who belongs in the kitchen	A Chef of course...
What's the difference between a whore and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking after it's slapped
What does a Maple Leads fan do after his team wins the Stanley Cup	He turns off his Xbox and goes back to bed.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks! And it sucks *hard*. (   )
What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog	We really *do* taste like chicken!
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Smack that bitch and tell her to get back to work.
what did the man say when he saw the chilli that he was about to cut up for his chilli con carne dancing	My chilli's gone barmy!!!
What do you tell your wife with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice.
What's another name for a hemorrhoid	A cock blocker
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, since he's too short to be an ese.
What do you do with a Jew with ADHD	Put him in a concentration camp.
What does a nosy pepper do	Get jalapeno business.
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne	Acne waits untill you are 14 before it comes in your face.
What do you call a cow with no nipples	Udderly pointless
What kind of tumors do tough guys get	Heman-giomas
What do you have when life gives you melons	Dyslexia.
What do you get when a Mexican and Muslim have a child	A kid who loves halalpenos
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist	A poke-mon! Pls don't hurt me.
What does a black policeman says when he looks in the mirror	Oh shit a cop!
What does a two-headed cat say	? Weow!
What did the dog say to the vet that just castrated him	No hard feelings.
What do you call a cow's mate	Its significant *udder*.
What do you call A Bohemian Lumberjack	...A *Blogger.* ( I'll see myself out.. :)
What do you call a dead chicken that's haunting your house	A poultrygeist
What did the leper say to the prostitute	you can keep the tip
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist	A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush. (Credit to my uncle)
What did the triangle say to the preacher	Forgive me father for I have sin().
What did Melania Trump have on her Black Friday shopping list	A copy of everything Michelle Obama had on her list
What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common	In both people don't feel like showering.
What's the darkest joke you know	No limits who can disgust me the most? Best part of fucking 21 year olds? Theres 20 of them
What did the ocean say to the beach	Nothing. It just waved
Q: What do you call a brunette and three  blondes in a corner	A: You don't you see if you've got 3 condoms.
What does Sean Connery say when he has to go number 2	I've got a shituation
What is the difference between jelly and jam	(NSFW) I can't jelly my cock down your mothers throat...
What do you call an Asian lady with a Mixmaster on her head	Brenda
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine &amp; a small child	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window...
What do you call a guy with no arms &amp; no legs laying in a pile of leaves	Russel
Whats long brown and sticky	A stick
What is the most inappropriate thing to say to someone who just lost their job	You had one job.
What is the meaning of trust	A cannibal giving you a blowjob
What's the difference between my porn stash and Call of Duty	One is full of screaming 10 year old boys and the other is Call of Duty.
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk	An udder failure
Q: what did one ass cheek say to the other	A: together we can stop this shit
What do you call a frog who wants to be a cowboy	Hoppalong Cassidy !
What day do soldiers hate the most	March Fourth
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a pitbull	Lipstick
what happens when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic	about halfway
What do punctuation marks win in competitions	Apos-trophies
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use Lubricant.
What do you call a bunch of Christmas nuts bragging about their sex lives in a hotel lobby	Chestnuts boasting in an open foyer.
What do get when you cross a Jehovah's witness and a Hells Angel	Someone who knocks on your front door and tells you to piss off.
What do you call a Korean with special needs	Special K
What is Obama's last name	care
What has 100 legs and sixteen teeth	The front row of a Willie Nelson concert.
What's the temperature in Motown right now	Three degrees, four tops
What do you call 2 lambs dating	A relationSHEEP.
What do you call a techno-themed grocery store	Gigi D'Agostino
What's the difference between good sex and anal	Good sex makes your whole day, good anal makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut	About 3 weeks.
What's the opposite of shell shock	Shell expectation
What did the Chinese man in an unhappy marriage say when he found out his wife faked her death	I never bereaved her anyways.
What is a chinese pirate an expert at	Flying a plane.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I've never had a garbanzo bean in my bed.
Whats green, three inches long and smells like bacon	Kermit the frogs middle finger.
What do you call a really nice sex addict	Compassionate.
What do you call a dog that doesn't eat meat	A vegiterrier!
What is the best way to receive downvotes on reddit	Wohahaha! That was funny! XD
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
What do you do to backwards scented muffins	sniffum
What do they say about a rapper who stole a dictionary	He got a way with words.
What's the difference between black people and cancer	The cancer evolves.
What do you call two crows together	Attempted murder.
What do women and pine trees have in common	Every time you try to get on one, they ruin it by getting sappy.
What the worst part about pulling a hair clump from the drain of the apartment you just moved into	Waiting for it to dry so you can glue it to your sex doll
What is it called when a bull made of snow eats explosives	A bomb in a bull snowman.
What did the pastry chef say to his apprentice	Know your roll!
What's the difference between a Lambo and 1,000 dead babies	I dont have a Lambo in my Garage...
What's the difference between a optimist, a pessimist and a realist	The optimist sees the light at the end of the tunnel. The pessimist sees nothing. And the realist sees the train.
What is the difference between a grizzly bear and a limp dick	There isn't one, you can't fuck with either one.
What do call you it when a butt pirate calls another butt pirate on the phone	Booty call.
What is Somailias national dish	An empty plate
What happens when your cousin eats all the Pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving	Plump kin!
What's a difference between a oral and a rectal thermometer	The taste
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair...
What do you call a Chinese lady with one leg	Irene.
What would Martin Luther King be if he was white	Alive. He would be alive.
What dog is the worst at polishing a turd	A poodull
What is the best contraceptive for old people	Nudity
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor
What did you have for breakfast	Pea Soup Q: What did you have for lunch? A: Pea Soup Q: What did you have for dinner? A: Pea Soup Q: What did you do all night? A: Pee soup...
What is a french bakers lifestyle like	Its a life of pain
What do old people often do	Die
What do you call a fake noodle	An Impasta
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with strawberry soda	A berry bubbly bunny.
What does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella for	Fo Drizzle!
What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like	Depends...
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween	They pump kin
What does Jerry Sandusky and a Silver Medalist have in common	They both came in a little behind!
What do you call a fedora wearing neck beard president's wife	First M'lady
What is it called when a prairie dog sees its shadow	Total Eclipse of a Fart
What's the difference between a good joke and a woman	The good joke doesn't get a black eye when you tell it a second time.
What is the softest bed for a baby to sleep on	Cot-on-wool.
What does a bro say when asked if he needs help doing a magic trick	Nah brah, tadah brah!
What do you call a clown and a crook rolling in feces	The US elections.
What do you call a woman who turn straight guys into gay	Spatula.
What would you call a terrible piece of gold	Absolutely Auful!
What is the most violent element of the periodic table	Ni, because Ni for an eye
What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket full of shit	The bucket.
What did the hooker say in the shower after a long day at work	That was a huge load off my back
What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file	C4
What do you call a Mexican Jedi	A Padajuan
What is a Nuclear Physicist's favorite Genesis song	Land of Cold-Fusion"".
What's so good about living in Switzerland	Not sure but the flag's a big plus.
What's the opposite of running away and getting married	Anteloping.
What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma	a Karaoke
What do you call a deaf person who can't lip read	Anything you want!
What's red and green and wears boxing gloves	A fruit punch.
What is McDonald's demolition service called	Quarter pounder.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth.... and vagina	Only SOME of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded!
What do you call it when an inmate takes a picture of their-self	A Cellfie
What is more dangerous than a polar bear	A bi-polar bear.
What do you call a parrot when it has dried itself after a bath	Polly unsaturated!
What do you call Batman who skips church	Christian Bail
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination	HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
What did the guy in China say to the Chinese couple who finally got approved to adopt	Con-grab-ur-asians!!
What do you use to check your cell from across the room	A telephono lens.
What song do pigs sing on New Year's Eve	Auld Lang Swine.
What do you do when you are riding a horse, and a cheetah and ostrich are chasing you	You get your drunk ass off the carousel!
What is Donald Trump's favorite holiday	Cinco De Porto!
What do you do if your lawnmower stops working	Deport him back to Mexico
What do you call a door only prostitutes use	Hodor
What is Minion's favourite brand	Banana Republic~BA~NA~~NA~~~
Q: What has Clinton done that no one has  been able to do in the last 5 years	A: Unite the Republican Party.
What happens when you drop a piano in a mine	A Flat Minor
What do you call a gay man's balls	Mud flaps
What would happen if Leafy went to The Filthy Frank show	Chin-chin would leave.
What's a control freaks favorite macro	Control+U
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A Quarter-Pounder with Cheese.
What's the difference between a Russian ambassador and a chicken	The Russian ambassador is Turkey
What do toys and boobs have in common	**They were both originally made for *kids*, but *dad* ends up playing with them!**
What do you call an 83 year old black man	Dick Gregory
What do you call a political conservative woman who is required to always be there	Amanda Tory
What do you do when a cannibal eats a vegetable	Throw away the wheelchair
What is 19 cm long, pink and my girlfriend screams when i put it in her mouth	her abortion
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist	Misandry
What goes ""Clippity Clop Bang Bang, Clippity Clop Bang Bang""	An Amish drive by shooting
What do you call it when you kill an important donkey	An Assassassination. I made it up when I was seven and to this day its the only thing I've ever made up that resembles a joke.
What do you get if you cross pigs with a lot of grapes	A swine gut !
What do you get if you cross a giraffe with a dog	An animal that barks at low flying aircraft !
What do you call a Mexican that's lost his car	Carlos
What is Hilary Clintons favorite part about going to the beach	Her Flip-Flops.
What's the best joke you ever heard	For me, it's gotta be Emo Phillips' Baptist joke. Although to tell it you've gotta get his execution down.
What is the National bird of Pakistan	Drone
What did the doctor say to the angry midget	I'm going to ask you to be a little patient.
What do you call four bees	? ....Be-fore
What do you call a girl who plays tennis on her knees	Courtney.
What do they call Miley Cyrus in France	Kilometrey Cyrus.
What is the best way to talk to a vampire	By long distance.
What do you call a priest giving a long, boring sermon	An anes-theologist. (close enough)
What do you call that lever on a desk chair that adjusts lower back support	The Lumbar Jack
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippie chick	The hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
What do you call a cannibal that eats relatives	Munchkin.
What do you call a tire named after Ferris Bueller	A Ferris Wheel.
What did the mortician say to the corpse	We're gonna need more lube.
What do you call a fish who went to medical school	A sTurgeon
What do you call a red lemon	a Lenin. ;)
What's the most useful material	Scratch. You can make anything from scratch.
What's heavier 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers	The feathers. because you have the weight of the feathers and you have to carry around the weight of what you did to those poor birds.
What does a tickle me Elmo get before it leaves the factory	Two test tickles
What would you get if you crossed a  snowman and a vampire	Frostbite !
What comes after sextillion	Babytillion! (Creds: my math professor who has her doctorate in mathematics)
What has 4 wheels and flies	A garbage truck.
What is the heaviest surgical intervetion that can be done to women	Getting money and dicks out of their minds.
What's the difference between Bud Light and piss	The vortex bottle
What's the difference between Iron Man and iron woman	Iron Man is a superhero. Iron woman is a command.
What happens when a muppet gives you a blowjob	A handjob
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Israel	Hillary won't suck Bill's dick.
What do you call an Ox with a gluten allergy	A silly-yak.
What do you call a nun that sleepwalks	A Roamin' Catholic.
what do you call a cow with two legs	Lean meat!!
What do you call a blonde on a college campus	A visitor
What do you tell someone who constantly uses the word ""of"" instead of ""have""	Fuck of
What did Stalin say to all the thousands of people he killed	Crimea river
What's the difference between a corn husker with tourettes, and a prostitute with diarrhea	One fits before they shuck, the other shits before they fuck.
What's a baby's favorite type of tea	Tit-tea
What's the first thing you install on a new computer	The operating system
What is the hardest part of a vegetable	The wheelchair. ^sorry
What did Jarod from subway get on his first night in jail	A foot long
What's the worst punchline on /r/jokes	I haven't got the faintest idea.
What did the zombie body builder say	GAINSSS!!!
What do you call a Chinese man with a video camera	.............Phil Ming
What do you call a deaf lesbian	Earmuff
What bounces and makes kids cry	My child support checks.
Whats the difference between an original joke and a repost	I dunno, i just click submit
what is the most common second language in the united states	Dora the Explorer spanish
What is bread's most deadly sin	Gluteny
What do women and tornadoes have in common	They both moan like hell when they come and take the house when they leave.
What is Gucci Mane's favorite kind of cheese	Gruyeauuuurrrrrrrrrr
What do you call a cow which can no longer produce milk	An udder failure.
What did the porn star wear to court	Birthday suit
What if earth rotates 30 times faster	Interviewer:""If the Earth rotates 30 times faster, what will happen?"" engineer:""We will get our salary everyday"" :D Think Greedily Act Confidently
What do you call a black girl under age 30 named Sarah	Identity thief.
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis	The Nazis shaved.
WHAT DO WE WANT	Migraine relief. WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Yell again & they'll never find your body.
What's the difference between the Leafs and a Pornstar	They both get fucked. They both get paid. But only one of them really enjoys it.
What happened to the chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner	He smashed his nose
What do you call a black Sasquatch	...Nigfoot
What is the difference between a black man and a bench	A bench can support a family.
What is the difference between a football player and a new pimp	The football player *kicks* *punts.*
What has a tongue, cannot walk, but gets around a lot	Steven Hawking
What's denser than a black hole	Your ex.
What's black and white and red all over	A penguin that's been knifed
What's long and green and has an asshole at each end	A St. Patrick's Day parade!
What do you call a midget esse	A paragraph. Because he ain't a full esse.
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain	Hi, Cliff
What do you call a water on a baby deer	fondue
What do snowmen call their offspring	Chill-dren.
What does a arsonist and a bartender have in common	For special occasions, their cocktails are on the house.
What did the boy vampire say to the girl vampire	See you next period.
what do you call a dog magician	A labracadabrador.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheeeeeettttt!
What do Bud Light and having sex in a canoe have in common	They're both fucking close to water.
What do you call a gay satanist	Sack-Religious
What's the difference between a baby and a submarine	I've never been in a submarine.
What's the difference between light and hard	You can't sleep with a light on
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of shit	The Bucket
What do you call a person who is outstanding in their field	A farmer
Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops	It's counterproductive
What's the only part of a vegetable you can't eat	The wheelchair.
What's the difference between Voldemort and Tyrion Lannister	One had a horcrux, the other had a whorecrush..
What is 32% black, 45% white... ...gets lit up and changes to blue and red at night	Chicago.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom	One snatches your watch and the other watches your snatch.
What mythical creature is the most bloody	A hemogoblin!
What happens when two burgers fall in love	They live together in holy meatrimony!
Whats the last thing you want to hear before you go to sleep	Zippity Bop, Puddin' pop!
What do you call a Polish dancer	A stripper
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has its claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What do a man and a rubix cube have in common	The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
What do composers prepare their ingredients on	A Chopin board
What did fish say when she hit the wall	Dam(n) !!!
What do you call a homosexual on rollerskates	Rolaids!
What did Jaws call his solo banking firm	Loan shark.
What do you call the study of food prices	EcoNOM-NOM-NOMics.
What do you call the Israeli PM when he switches search engines	Benjamin Netangoogle
What do a guy crossing Niagara falls on a tight rope and a guy getting a blowjob from a 90 year old have in common	Both are thinking don't look down, just don't look down.
What do you pasta with a witty comeback	Retortellini.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom	A pickpocket snatches watches and a peeping Tom watches snatches
What do you call a dirty drug addict with a lisp	Methy
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael Phelps can actually finish a race
What do you call a deer without eyes	No-eye deer! Note: we are from Hicksville, USA. This may not make sense without the Midwestern accent.
What's a sailor's least favorite color	Maroon
what do you call a sleep-walking nun	A Roman Catholic
What's the difference between a Canadian and an Italian	Where the ""eh"" is in the sentence. Canadian: ""How you doin, eh?"" Italian: ""Eh! How you doin?
What has 60 legs and 8 teeth	The front row of a Country concert
What happened when Canada got rid of the penny	Canadians became *penniless*
What's the difference between Jesus in real life and Jesus in a picture frame	It only takes one nail to hang up Jesus in a picture frame.
What did Putin say to the U.S. and E.U. after invading Ukraine	Crimea river
What's the worst thing to give a norteno on their birthday	A SURprise party!!
What do you call the divorce between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie	a Brexit
What's the difference between your mom and your dad	Your dad still sucks dick.
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew	The black Jew sits at the back of the oven.
What do you call 1 white guy surrounded by a court of black people	The NBA.
What do you call a weak cup of tea	Subtlety.
What's the best part about sex with 28-year-olds	There are twenty of them..
What do you call a singer who sells meat	A Deli.
What's long, hard, goes in a vagina, out of a vagina, and leaves a whore feeling good about herself	An abortion hook.
What do you call feeling bad about watching lame reality TV shows	Survivor guilt.
Whats the difference between tuna, a piano and glue	You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna.
What do you call someone who wears a diaper fashioned from a map	Incontinent
What does a Catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common	They both came in a little behind.
What is the best movie like to shout as you orgasm	I am your father.
What do you get when you put an egg in the ground	An eggplant.
What happened when the USS Enterprise got a new toilet	William Shatner
What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow	A hybrid
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe damn it, breathe!
What do you call the state of having confidence	I'm sorry, it's confidential.
What do you call an effeminate Japanese man with radiation sickness, AIDS and hemorrhegic fever	Ebola Gay.
What do you call cheese that's not yours	Colby Jack's.
What time does an Asian go to the dentist	Toof Hurty.
What would Kim Jong Un call his children	His young'uns
What do you call an alligator that wins a race	A chompion. (7-year old me thought he was very clever.)
What did the Squirtle say to the Charmander	(X-post from /r/pokemon) Squirtle
What are the four food groups	For bachelors: Fast Frozen Junk and Spoiled. For drinkers: Malt Hops Barley and Yeast. For heavies: Caffeine Fat Sugar Chocolate.
What do you call frozen hamburger patties	Burrrrrrgers.
What do you call a Greek intellectual that only eats kimchee	An Epikorean.
What do a load of bricks and a 300 lb woman have in common	At some point they'll both be laid by a Mexican.
What can you sit on, sleep on, and brush your teeth with	A chair, a bed, and a toothbrush.
What's the most environmentally friendly subreddit	r/Jokes. Everything there is recycled, including this post.
What was the name of the strip club Hitler worked at	The ""Naughtsy
What is the difference between a 2 year old and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
What places have the least racial tensions	Bakeries, there are brownies and crackers there and yet they never fight.
What do you do with a dead chemist	Barium
What's the difference between a book and a mexican	A book has papers.
What do you say when leaving the Periodic Table of Elements' police station	Cu Copper.
What keeps running and doesn't get tired	A Kenyan child.
What do Apple and Titanic have in common	They both killed Jack.
What's it called when you kidnap a ghost	A Polter-Heist
What kind of explosive is popular with terrorist school-children	The satchel charge.
What kind of socks do you find in your backyard	Garden hose.
What did Michael Jackson ask his father's mother when she slipped and fell to the ground	Granny are you okay,I said granny are you okay,are you okay granny?!
What's a gay man's favorite time	Eight a'cock
What happened to the adhesive suicide bomber	He glue up.
What's the best thing about fucking a transsexual	You can reach around the front and you think you went all the way through.
What is the definition of trust	Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
What do you call a horny Welshman on top of the Space Needle	Sheepless in Seattle
What do you call a gullible Indian	A Naive American. Literally just came up with this.
What date is it today	Brasil/Germany Or Germany/Brasil in some countries.
Q: What do you call a clairvoyant midget who escaped from prison	A: A small medium at large.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	aye maighty
What do you call a laptop that ejaculates metal	Computer
What do you call a pirate with polio	FD Arghhhh.
What colour animals have the most sex	Brown Chicken, Brown Cow
What is green and smells like bacon	Kermit's fingers
What piece of furniture can you always trust	A Reputable.
What do you call a foreign born communist running for President	Ted Cruz
What do you call sex with a french midget	Bone a petite
What's the difference between a bus driver and a cold	A bus driver knows the stops and a cold stops the nose.
What is the golden rule for cows	Do unto udders as you would have udders do to you!
What's red and green and spins round &amp; round &amp; round	A frog in a blender.
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
What do you call a Snorlax that wants to win a race	A cab.
What did God say when he made the first black man	Damn, I burnt one.
What's the difference between racism and chinese people	Racism has many faces.
What would you order... From a menstruating ice cream scooper in Ireland	Sunday, Bloody Sunday.
What is the favorite Pokemon of a smoked meat sandwich	Raichu
What is the last thing to go through the mind of a suicide bomber	His own ass.
What did the grape say when he was caught in bed with another fruit	It was just a momentary lapse of raisin!
What did the scientists say when they found bones on the moon	the cow didn't make it.
What does a straight man and spaghetti have in common	They are both straight until it gets hot.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	Tennish
What is cheese's favorite music genre	R and Brie
What should you do if you're being attacked by a gang of clowns	Go for the juggler!
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly	incorrectly
What did the stamp say to the letter	Lick my ass and I'll take you places you've never been before.
What's an Australian's favorite element	Gold
What is all that useless flesh around a woman's vagina	The woman.
What do you call a fat cow..	Your mum
What do you call a cheating wife with a runny nose	FULL!!
What's a parrot's favourite game	Monopoly!
What do a wife and a tornado have in common	First, they suck. Then, they blow. Finally, they take half your house.
What Do you call 20 Millionaires watching the Superbowl	The Dallas Cowboys
What fun drink can put your kid to sleep	Bleach
What do you call an Italian ghost	A Gabaghoul
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall	Dam.
What is the only group of cops who get in trouble when a black guy gets killed	secret service
What do you call an international criminal waffle that you dropped at the beach	Carmen Sandy Eggo
What's the best thing about being a meth head	1 sleep until Christmas.
What breaks when you give it to a toddler	Her hips.
What Kind Of Bagel Can Fly	A Plain Bagel.
What do you call Abe Lincoln having sex	The emancipator-procreator.
What does a blonde put behind her ears to look attractive	Her ankles.
What is the definition of masurbation	Coming unscrewed
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear	White Vans.
What kind of jacket would Michael J. Fox wear if he was black	[OC] A parka, son.
What's a pirate's favorite digital image format	tARRRRRGa
what do you call a blond standing on her head	a brunette with bad breath...
What do you call a stick with autism	Autistic
What does my brothers wife and a Chevrolet have in common	They're both extremely high maintenance
What did one pig say to the other	Let's be pen pals!
what do you call a deer with no eyes	'No idea.....' 'What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?' 'Still no idea.......' My all time favourites :)
What does an empty bottle of Champaign and an orphan have in common	Nether of them have a pop.
What do moths study at school	Mothmatics
What do you call a row of boxers-in-training	A shitty punch line.
What do you do when you see a space man	Park your car in it man.
What do four out of five guys love to do	Gang-rape.
What does the ""B"" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for	Benoit B Mandelbrot.
What do the 12th of July and the end of an essay have in common	They're both summary!
What is the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	A boy scout returns back from camp.
What pop star has the biggest nipples	Areola Grande
What do you call a fat person with a flat butt	A hipobottomless
What does a ninja and a muslim woman have in common	They're both invisible.
Whats does dissecting a frog and explaining a joke have in common	Sure, you know how it works, but now it's dead.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalottapuss
What's the same about Christmas and work	I do all the work and a fat man in a suit gets all the credit.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of cow manure	the bucket
What did the drunken Irishman say to the Chinese diplomat	http://www.reddit.com/r/Youwritethepunchline/comments/2zg1zy/what_did_the_drunken_irishman_say_to_the_chinese/
what do you do with someone that is having a seizure in a bathtub	Throw in a load of laundry.
What is the most awkward day in Harlem	Father's Day
What do you call a waffle you drop in the desert	San Diego ^^San-dee-eygo ^^^^sandee-eygo ^^^^^sandy-eggo ^^^^^i'll ^^^^let^^^^myself^^^^out
What is the most popular game played by tornadoes	-Catch my drift
What do gay horses eat	Haaaaaay!
What does Mrs. pancake say when you compliment her on her weight	Thank you, I'm flattened! I made this joke up on my drive home and am very proud of it. You monkeys better find it funny!
What lives in the ocean is grouchy and hates neighbours	A hermit crab !
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus	It only took 1 nail to hang the picture.
What do you call an elevator with a group of slim, softly spoken, intelligent people inside	A Lift (only a joke, my American friends)
What lies at the bottom of the sea and twitches	A nervous wreck.
What do you call a lesbian with a SUV full of penises	Dick Van Dyke
What do you call Bill O'Reilly	Ass seen on TV.
What part of a hospital does an abortion patient avoid	The right wing
What did the gardener yell when his vegetarian friend visited	Run Berry, run!
What do you call a Nun in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What happens when you give an Italian a coupon	It makes the Dego buy faster.
What's brown and runny	Usain Bolt.
What is the most positive thing in Africa	HIV
What keyboard shortcut do the elderly have the most trouble with	Ctrl+P
What Does a Gynecologist and a Pizza worker have in common	They both get to smell it, but neither gets to eat it.
What's the difference between a mexican and a perubian	The passport
What do you call the survivors of the holocaust	Residue.
What's the difference between a Jew and a Bullet	The Bullet leaves the chamber. Courtesy of my comrade Ivo
What kind of water do you drink when the snow melts	Spring water.
What do you call an Italian hooker	A pastatute!
What do the World Trade Center and genders have in common	There used to be two of them, but now it's too offensive to talk about.
What's black, purple, and hates sex	The kid in my trunk.
What's the difference between a jew and a dollar	It's illegal to burn a dollar.
What is the stupidest animal in the jungle	The polar bear.
What's the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	One you see later, and the other after a while.
What does DJ Khaled call his mexican friends	Another Juan
What is a childs's favourite type of Halloween candy	Lots a candy.
what is the hardest part to eat on a vegetable	the wheelchair.
whats the worst thing about being a black jew	you have to sit in the back of the oven...
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	No one's ever paid to have a lentil on their face.
What did Beyonce say when Jay-Z refused anal	If you liked it you should had put a ring muscle on it!
What do you call a soldier that got attacked by mustard gas and pepper spray	? A seasoned veteran
What was the border patrol agent's greatest regret	The Juan that got away.
Q: What is the pink stuff between  elephant's toes	A: Slow clowns.
[Sick Humour] What sits in the corner of the room, crying and getting smaller and smaller	A baby combing it's hair with a vegetable peeler.
What did one lesbian vampire say to another	See you next month.
What is colder than the dwarf planet Pluto	Legal judgements against fathers
What do chickens serve at birthday parties	Coop-cakes !
What do you call a metalhead with a cold	Flemmy
What does a dog like to wear when it's exercising	Pants.
What goes ""quick, quick""	Duck in a hurry. (c) beatattitude 2014
what do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates	a tear-jerker
What do you get hanging from orange trees	Sore arms.
What is the thing called that irrigates your lawn	A garden Jose.
What did the fuse say when it blew out	Sorry, I couldn't resist.
What do you call a reptile that loves putting things in groups	a segreGATOR
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat	Uncle bens rice
What did the Japanese General say to his kamikaze trainee	Despite what everyone tells you, you'll never learn from your mistakes.
What kind of horses only come out after dark	Nightmares!
What brings the monster's babies	The  Frankenstork.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler	Hitler had big hands
What would you rather have Parkinson's or Alzheimer's	At least with Parkinson's you have half a pint.
What do you call a paedophile crustacean	A Diddler Crab
Whats the difference between a paycheck and a penis	You dont have to beg your wife to blow one of them.
What does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment	ma'lady
What does the 'H' in Jesus 'H' Christ stand for	Haploid
What causes something to go up and then down	Viagra falls
What got the apple into skydiving	Pear pressure.
What's the difference... Q: What's the difference between a brown-noser and an ass-kisser	A: Depth Perception
What washes up on tiny beaches	Microwaves.
What's the last sound you hear before a pube hits the floor	tppppthh....""spit sound
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef Strokin-off!
What's that one place in Thailand called	Ahh Phuket. Nevermind.
What kind of pizza do pilots like	Plain.
What does Las Vegas have in common with Scotland	Not a lot, but in both you can pay for sex with chips.
What did Horatio say to the pathological liar in CSI: Miami	Won't get fooled again!
What do you call a fake shit	A sham poo
What travels down an alley and has holes in it	A bowling ball. Or Bruce Wayne's parents.
What's wrong with Andrew Jackson	He had an Underground Rail Road too, called the Trail of Tears.
What do you call a semi truck owned by an Italian	That rig a Tonys.
What do you call a ""to-go"" dish ordered from German-Italian restaurant	Alfredosehen
What do Syrian refugees eat for breakfast	Syrial!
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle	Attire
What is green, has 8 wheels, and flies	A garbage truck
What does a duck put in its burrito	Quackamole.
What are you going to do for a face	When the monkey wants its bum back? :D
What did the grape say when the elephant stood on it	Nothing. It just let out a little wine.
What is white and 14 inches long	Nothing.
What's the difference between having sex while skydiving and a smelly vagina	Well, one's a kinky stunt...
Q: What did Obi-Wan say to Luke at the breakfast table	A: ""Use the fork, Luke.
What do you call an Arabic woman being double penetrated	A sandbitch
What do you call a midget in a subway saying, ""tick...tick...tick...""	A metro-gnome
What happened when the man asked the salesman  for a good belt	O.K. you asked for it"" the salesman said as he gave him a good belt.
What do you call a fat Asian	A chunk
What do you call a bear with no teeth	Bare Grylls
What do you call a company run entirely by ghosts	An incorporation.
What do root vegetables do at tha club	Turnip
What did the sphinx say	What did the sphinx say when he found out the pharaoh caught him up in a pyramid scheme? Egypt me!
What's the difference between a whore and a truck	The truck can only take the load from behind where as the whore can take it from anywhere.
What does the Pillsbury Dough boy hide under his apron	Dough nuts!
What does a rock artist say to a jazz musician	To the airport please
What do you call the Wal Mart cheer	Spelling classes!
What's the most awkward aspect of bar-tending at an internet cafe	You have to deal with people who forget to close their tabs.
What do you call Batman skipping out on church	Christian Bail
What's the difference between a Mercedes and Princess Diana	The Mercedes can easily reach 40.
What does a polite monster say when he meets you for the first time	Pleased to eat you!
What do you get when you divide (Sin B) by (Tan B)	You get roofies, cuffs and a sore butthole
What do you get if a post office burns down	Black mail.
what do you call a mexican with no legs	A paragraph, because he's not a full essay.
What does former Vice President Gore play on the guitar	An algorithm
What do gynecologists and pizza delivery guys have in common	They have to smell it but they can't taste it!
What's the difference between light and hard	You can still fall asleep with the light on!
What do you call a terrorist video store	Blockbuster
What's gay and has no balls	A lesbian.
What did the cow say in winter	Oh my god. I'm Friesian!
What do you call two black men on a videotape	Evidence.
What's Darth Vader's least favorite temperature	Luke warm. ^^im ^^sorry
What is the most religious medicine	The Deacon gestant
What do you call playing chess against yourself	Chessturbation.
What does a baby computer call its father	Data.
What's the difference... ...between an egg and a wank	You can beat an egg
What do you call Adrian Monk when he's angry	Rasputin
What does Ebenezer Scrooge serve at his Christmas Party	Humburgers!
What do you call a dictionary that smokes weed	High definition
What do you call a sketchy neighborhood in Italy	A Spaghetto.
What's the difference between a mining company and priests	A mining company puts miners in shafts.
What's Medusa's favorite cheese	Hehehe.. Gorgon-zola
What do you call a gay author	...a fabulous fabulist. Thank you, I'll be here all night.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What do you call it when a photo of gay lovers falls from the wall and shatters into two pieces, tearing them apart	Broke back-mounting.
What do you get if you steamroll a crab and a Korean at the same time	A crustacean :D :D
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon	Kermit The Frog's fingers.
What is a pirates favorite article of clothing	His sc*aaarrrr*f Edit: I get it guys, you all have better punchlines than me.
What happened when Bush took Bin Laden's Lunch Money	9/11.
What did one ocean say to the other one	Nothing. They just waved...
What do you call a Rhinoceros in heat	Horny.
What does a pirate say when he turns 80	Aye matey
What do you call an elephant in a phone box	Stuck.
What do you call a well read/researched Bernie Sanders supporter	Not a Bernie Sanders supporter.
What's the opposite of condescending	[gif](http://25.media.tumblr.com/6b1b800af79638830eef30deb8163bbf/tumblr_ms1l531JGu1s29n2zo1_250.gif)
What was Hitler's favorite game	Nahtzee.
What do you call a Roman guy with pubes in his mouth	Gladiator
What's the thing that is about 5-6 inches long, it goes into mouth and when you rub it back and forth it produces a white liquid	A toothbrush.
what's the best part of... Having sex with a transvestite	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
[NSFW] What did the sperm say to the egg	Cum with me if you want to live.
What is a Nazi baker's secret ingredient	White Flour!
What lights up a football stadium	A football match !
What does it sound like when a pterodactyl uses the bathroom	Nothing, the pee is silent
What's a capitalist's favourite dessert	PROFITeroles. Bad, I know.
What's worse than a centipede with sore feet	A giraffe with a sore throat
What did the deer say to its lover	You are very ""deer"" to me.
What do all my friends and my dad have in common	i didnt have either growing up
What's better than Roses on your Piano	Tulips on your Organ.
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball	She gagged.
What happens when you put 6 city workers and 6 lesbians in a room together	You get a dozen people who don't do dick
What do you call the white guy on a bus full of black guys	Coach.
What happened to the man with two wooden legs whose house burnt down	He fell on his ash.
What do redditors give one another on Christmas	Gifs.
What could be a good name for a really inappropriate French porno	The Princess and the Frog
What did the owner of the Indian restaurant say when he burned all of his bread	Don't worry, it's a naan issue.
What do you call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank	Small medium at large
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield	Its ass.
What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy	Crust
What is the difference between Virging and non-virgin	Virgin doesn't give a fuck.
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy	The blonde has the higher sperm count.
What did the Buddhist monk say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything
What did Stevie Wonder think when he got a cheese grater for christmas	That it was the most violent book he'd ever read.
What do you call a leper in a hot tub	Soup
Whats the difference between a woman and a floppy drive	A Floppy Drive can only take 3.5"" Inches.
What's the difference between a bucket of sand and period blood	I can't gargle a bucket of sand.
What was Hitler's favorite drink	Orange jews.
What do NRA members and the UCC shooting victims have in common	Both will never get a college degree.
What is the speed limit of sex	68, because any faster and you'll flip over and eat it.
What does an English pimp do, after having tea and crumpets	Tally Hoes
What's the difference between blue paint and red paint	The color. Yes, this is an anti-joke. Downvote please.
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	Tennish...
What does a baby computer call its father	Data
What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and milk	Chocolate milk! What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and chocolate milk? Diabetes
What do you call a fat, Italian-American ghost	A gabaGHOUL!!
What do Catholic priests and the Zika Virus have in common	They both give kids a little head.
What do you call a group of physicians with erectile dysfunction	Doctors Without Boners
What does the Secret Service say when Donald Trump gets shot at	Donald! Duck!
What was the Numerologist's favorite seaside discount brothel	The One-Toothed Reef Whore Hive
What is green, red and goes 90 miles per hour	A frog in a blender.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a dead baby	I only have one under my bed
What's the worst thing to come across while browsing the internet	Your keyboard.
What do you call a Black Man flying a Plane	The Pilot you racist fuck.
What's DJ Khalid's favorite number	11, because it has another one.
What kind of pictures do hermit crabs take	Shellfies
What do baby showers and golden showers have in common	Nothing, you sick pervert!
What do an eagle and a broom have in common	They both fly but the broom doesn't.
What do mosquitoes think of people who wear bug spray	They are just OFF-full
What do you call the ghost of a chicken	A poultry-geist!
What do you call an oversize motorcycle for pigs	A hog hog.
What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters	Orange Is The New Black
What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't	her bellybutton.
What do you call a nautical plunderer who assists with the flight of an aircraft	A co-pirate
What's a Grecian Urn	About 2 bucks an hour depending on what the current minimum wage is.
What does a horse and kryptonite have in common	They both paralyze superman
What's the difference between reddit and facebook	Reddit is better
What do you call it when you have enough money to but a truck from 4 different people who used to cross small bodies of water	You can afford four fjord forders' fords.
What is the definition of confusion	Father's day in Harlem
What do you get if you group 8 sodium atoms together	Batman.
What does Tony Stark call his semen	Pepper spray
What is a Jawa's favorite drink	Martini
What's Christopher Nolan's favorite song	BBBRRAAAAAAAHHHHHMMM...'s lullaby.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice	polar-oids
What's the difference between snowmen and snowomen	Snowballs
What do you call an escape artist dog	Basset Houndini
What's the hardest thing about rollerblading	? Telling your parents you're gay.
What did one diabetic say to the other diabetic, on their blind date	I'm sorry, but you're just not my type.
What do two rednecks say to each other after a break up	Let's go back to being cousins.
What did the Roman premature ejaculater say	Veni, Vidi, Veni.
What do you call playful insults between terrorists	Talibanter
What's a somali's favorite sport	Cross-country
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm	The Holocaust
Q: What kind of television do horses like	A: Saddle-lite TV
What is common between my ex-wife and my last job	They don't suck anymore.
What kind of milk do the wealthiest people in the world give to their children	1%
What did one snowman say to the other	I think I smell carrots!
What group would an obese racist join	The cake-cake-cake.
What do you call a fake Sony phone	Phony
What do skeletons like to put on their meat	Grave-y.
What should you say to a pig on roller skates	Don't say anything. Just get out of the way.
What did the one eyed thief, with a hook for a hand, call the elven princess	Arrrrrrr-wen
What do you call a bodybuilder that can't sing	Muscle tone deaf.
What do vacuums and woman have in common	The more you pay, the better they suck.
What is your favorite one or two line joke	(X-Post from AskReddit) http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/32df3n/what_is_your_favorite_one_to_two_line_joke/ There were some funny jokes in there
What kind of dog wears a uniform and medals	A guard dog !
What did the potato name his son	Chip. Sorry.
What do you call it when a banana eats another banana	Canabananalism EDIT: Thanks for all the support, only my second reddit post and I'm surprised this got as many upvote a as it did!
What's the difference between an alpaca and your Mom	One is a hairy beast that spits, the other is native to South America.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree	Hold onto your nuts, this ain't no ordinary blow job.
What do you call a fart in a gay bar	A mating call LoL
What's the square root of 69	Eight something.
What snakes are good at sums	Adders !
What do you call it when a pickle makes a mistake	A dill d'oh
What do you call it when Einstein faps	A stroke of genius.
What do you call a turtle that sends pictures to everyone	a Snapping Turtle
What do you call a bitchy midget who can get to places quickly	A shortcunt.
What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter	One of them left the chamber alive.
What do you a pterodactyl that can't fly	Inosaur.
What do a flat-earther, a Nazi, and YOU have in common	They all get one vote.
What's Mr T's favourite dessert	Petit Filous (Credit goes to my ex wife for this one).
What do you do when you see an epileptic throwing a fit in a bath tub	You throw in some laundry and detergent.
What do you call someone with no arms	Disarmed.
What's black and sits at the top of stairs	Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
What would be a good dating site for rednecks	MyHeritage.com
What would a world without women feel like	A pain in the arse.
Whats the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a bottle of glue	Anyone can tuna piano, but nobody can piano a tuna!
What does a geography graduate do with a lightbulb	Not get a job.
What did Paul Revere say when he got on his horse	Giddy up horsey !
What Metallica song does Captain America hate	Trapped Under Ice.
What does Batman put in his drinks	Just ice.
What do you call a weirdo slowly driving a jeep past an elementary school	Jeeper creeper!
What do you call a person who looks at a glass half-empty	An Alcoholic.
What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a  jelly	The collie wobbles !
What did Anakin say when the princess asked for his credit card	Naboo
What is the difference between complete and finished	If you find the right woman, you're complete.
What's the difference between some tuna , a piano and some glue	You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna
What's the biggest difference between Republicans and Democrats	Republicans sign their checks on the front, and democrats sign on the back.
What did the blonde do after she combed her hair	.. She pulled her pants up.
What's the difference between a tuna and a piano	You can tuna piano but you cannot piano a tuna.
What did the timid porn star say to the talking cat	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOOOOOOONG JOHNSON!!!!
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall	Dam.
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number	11, because it is another 1.
What do you call a boxer who comes home after a fight, to beat up his wife	Overtime.
What do you call a wandering caveman	A Meanderthal
What is Donald Trump's rap name	Toupee Fiasco
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza	A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza	A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
What did the man in the wheelchair say when he returned the hat he borrowed	Thanks for the handy cap.
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they got married	Feyonce
What do you get when you mix the Twelve Days of Christmas with Ninety-nine Bottles of beer on the wall	A year in prison if there's any justice.
What do you call 'a woman's understanding'	Misunderstanding
What did the police officer say to the white man running away with a TV	Sir, you dropped your receipt!
What do you get if an elephant has sex with a rabbit	A dead rabbit with a gaping asshole.
What do lesbian vegetarians eat	Vaggie burgers
What separates the men from the apes	The Mediterranean Sea.
What's the difference between a cockroach and the Japanese	A nuke won't kill a cockroach
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite hockey team	The Chicago Blackhawks
What do you call two Canadians buy coffee	Double double doubles
What do you call love between a Dick and an Asshole	Tainted Love
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked	A Seatbelt!
What is Hitler's favorite type of car	A fuhrari
What sound does a Turkey make	coup coup
What does a zen ghost say	Boo, duh...
What is the hardest part in coming out of the closet	Telling your parents you are gay.
What's Jared's favorite Subway bread	Italian Herbs and Child Pornography.
Q: What do blonds and spaghetti have in common	A: They both wriggle when you eat them.
What does an omnipotent God do with his penis	Fuck all.
What do you get when you throw a Pokeball at a Pakistani	A Pakimon.
What is life like for a wood worm	Boring !
What would you call it when a dinosaur gets into a car crash	Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
What is the difference between a chihuahua humping your leg and a pit bull humping your leg	The pit bull gets to finish.
What's the difference between a Maine girl and a moose	15 lbs and a flannel shirt.
What's worse than a talking parrot joke	The Holocaust.
What does a dog get at the vet	[FIXED]
What do vegetarian worms eat	? Linda Mcartney
What's the difference between an oral and anal thermometer	The taste
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics	Not being *special*
What do you call 5 lesbians and 5 state workers	10 people that don't do dick.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	kluhhh kolchhhh
Whats the difference between a black guy and a bench	A bench can support a family
What's the difference between America and Saudi Arabia	You don't need a computer to play minesweeper in Saudi Arabia. (I'm not sorry)
what did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	see you next month!
what's the best part of living in Sweden	Well, the flags a big plus. edit: FUCK meant Switzerland
What do you get when you cross a lake with a deflating raft	Halfway.
What do you get when you eat all the potatoes	[They're all gone.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzwDgz053PI)
What do you call a muscular Arab	Protein sheikh
What's the best time to go to a dentist	Two thirty
What did one John say to the other John	What's the matter? You look flushed!
What fish is best to have in a boat	A Sailfish.
What do you get when you enter a cow into the Kentucky Derby	Milk and Bookies.
What's up with these strippers not taking my singles	?? They must not like Kraft
What do you call a good looking girl in Wisconsin	A Tourist!
What do you call a giant squid who runs a tow service in Indonesia	A Kraken-towa!
What's the difference between tired and exhausted	When you run in front of a car you get tired. When you run behind a car you get exhausted.
What did pirate say when he turned 80	AYE MATEY
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	Dubai doesn't like the Flinstones but Abu Dhabi do
Q: What kind of snake is good at math	A: An adder.
What do they call soda in Rome	Pope.
What do you call a man with no arms, no legs, and is on fire	Bernie.
What do you call a girl who's sitting in the middle of a tennis court	Annette.
What do a racist and an apple have in common	They both look good hanging from a tree
What is a horse's favourite wine	Equine.
what kind of pants does the godfather wear	al pa-chinos
What did the Priest say to the Church of Vegetables	Lettuce pray.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause
Whats worse, being a vegan inmate or non vegan	Or non vegan inmate* Depends on whether you want to eat meat or toss salad.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About half-way. Wokka wokka!
What do a wicked stepmother and a gag reflex have in common	They both keep you from getting to the ball!
What do you call a 6 feet tall circle that recently got his diploma from college	A Graduated cylinder.
what travels around the world but stays in one corner	postage stamp
What does the narcissistic cow say	Moooo! Cuz it's a cow
What do you call a dehydrated frenchman	Pierre
What do you call an road construction aardvark	A tarredvark!
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off ;)
What's the difference between a nun on her knees and a nun in the bath	One has hope in their soul, the other has soap in their hole
What does a buff zombie want	Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.
What do you call a man with just a nose	No body nose man. Hue hue hue.
What's the difference between you and an egg	An egg gets laid.
what's about 5 inches long and hasn't been inside another man in almost 2 weeks	Cory Monteith's heroin syringe
What is large, grey and sings great jazz songs	Elephants Gerald
[OC] What does a blind pessimist say	What glass?
What do you get if you cross a cow with a spaniel  a poodle and a rooster	A cockerpoodlemoo!
What kind of fish will help you hear better	A herring aid !
What is black and stuck to the ceiling	A crappy electrician
What happened to the man who sent a group of crows to the insane asylum	He went to jail because he commit a murder.
What do call it when actor Charles Dance tries to flirt	Dance moves.
What do you call baby ents that are going to war	The infantree.
What do they say for jokes about German sausages	They are the wurst.
What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
What do you call an alien starship that drips  water	A crying saucer.
What did the nihilistic sea world trainer say to his boss	There is no porpoise.
What's the difference between swine flu and bird flu	For swine flu you need ""Oinkment"", for bird flu you need ""Tweetment"".
What's a redditor who makes pirate jokes' favorite letters	It could be R and the C, but they definitely aren't OC.
What's the difference between Batman and Martin Brodeur	Batman isn't wearing hockey pads.
What do you get when you cross a valley girl and a goth	Oh macabre! (say it out loud with a really annoying white girl voice)
Whats the difference between a catholic priest and acne	The priest doesn't wait for you to hit puberty to come on your face.
What do you do, if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise.
What happened when the communists took over the airport	The planes kept Stalin.
What's a bad way to stop a pedophile	Tell him to think of the children.
What did one testicle say to the other testicle ago was aggravating him	You're being very teste
What is a Mexican weather report	Chilli today hot tamale.
What was Han Solo's reaction to being taken to the carbon-freezing chamber	He was petrified.
What is the difference between a pile of dead babies and a convertable	I keep one in my garage and one in my closet. Edit:typo.
What do you call an Ethiopian taking a shit	A show off
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing. She's already been told twice.
What should you NOT name your pet chicken	Robin, else he'll be robin the cock
What do you get when you mash up an avagadro	Guacamole.
What do you get if you cross the Internet with a currant bread	Spotted click
What do you call a Burberry Style Transforming Truck	Optimush Prime... Hahaaa.
What did the boy buy at the grocery store	Too Bad, I'm not telling you!
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs	Consuelo Pronounced - Cunts-way-low
What has two legs and is covered in blood	Half a dog.
What's the pirate's least favorite letter	Dear sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright...
What's the difference between St. Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day	Everyone pretends to be Irish on St. Paddy's Day.
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine	A: ""Daaaddy I want to go to Miaaami!
What game do tornadoes like to play	-Twister
What's the best score you can get on a test	Not Pregnant
What do you call a flatulent teacher	A tutor
What do you get when you shoot a Mexican golfer	A hole in Juan
What do you call it when the lead singer of U2 fights with himself	Bono-y-Bono
What did Vladimir Putin say after dropping a smashing one-liner	Putout
What's the difference between a ginger and a brick	Bricks get laid.
What do you call a gorilla with a harpsichord	A silverbach.
What kind of cake stops blowjobs	(NSFW) Weddding Cake
What do you call a German tampon	A twatstika.
What do you call a spinning potato	A ro-tater.
What's the best way to attract a pervert	The NSFW tag, you freak
What did the burglar say to the lady who caught him stealing her silver	I'm at your service ma'am.
What you call a penis that doesn't satisfy a woman	Yours
What's the best thing about having sexy with twenty one year olds	There's twenty of 'em. edit: autocorrect is a bitch - we all know what it should say.
What's the difference between a terrorist and a civilian	I don't know man, I just fly the drones.
What do you call a telephone call from  one vicar to another	A parson to parson call !
What's the similarity between a mobile phone and a clitoris	Both turn on with the touch of a finger and every cunt's got one.
What do men and Subway have in common	They both exaggerate the length.
What's brown and sticky	A stick...
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Bill Clinton	Ivanka didn't keep the dress
What do you call it when a fish fucks his sister	Fincest. (This joke is shitty, I know, but I couldn't resist posting it.)
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a large-breasted crab	One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean
What do a walrus and a zip-lock bag have in common	They're both looking for a tight seal.
What did the little acorn say when it got planted and grew up	Geometry.
what's 6 inches long 2 inches wide and drives a woman wild	money
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Stegosoreass.
What's the difference between a clit and the mini bar in a hotel	Most men can find the mini bar in less than 3 minutes.
What's the difference between a redditor and a dead baby	The redditor never gets gold
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	Trump wouldn't pay $1000 to have a lentil on his face.
What does a radical, democrat and republican have in common	They both want to make money off of other people's work!
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What happens if you cross a snowman and a vampire	You get a frostbite.
What do Caitlyn Jenner and my Chrysler have in common	They're both convertables.
What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood	Spaghetto
What does a Chihuahua play basketball with	A tennis ball!
What do women and werewolves have in common	(Offensive) They both go berserk once every month.
What kind of bug can survive all winter	A bahumbug!
What does a bull do to stay warm on a cold day	It goes into a barn and slips into a nice warm Jersey.
What did the cannibal say when he came home  and found his wife chopping up a python and a pygmy	Oh no not snake and pygmy pie again!
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About 8 pints.
What's six inches long and two inches wide and drives women wild	Money.
What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles	U.C.L.A
What did the Nazi without a car say	Damnit! Now I'm going to have to sieg HAIL a cab!
What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman	Snowballs
What's the difference between a lawyer and an Irishman	[OC] One has passed a BAR.
What makes me want to lose the will to live	/r/Jokes!
What happens when you give Viagra to a politician	He gets taller
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits till you're 14 to come on your face
What did the mama bullet say to the papa bullet	We're going to have a BB!
What's the difference between ignorance and arrogance	I don't know, and I don't care.
What do a Rubik's Cube and a penis have in common	The more you play with it, the harder it gets
What do you call a scary horse	A night-mare.
What did one cheese say to the other	I know it's cheesy, but I feel grate!
What is a Mormon's favorite movie	Lord of the Rings
What does the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breath out of that thing? It's so small.
What do you call someone who points out the obvious	Someone who points out the obvious.
What value is higher than infinity	Infinity plus 1. I'm sorry.
What happens to your car insurance if you don't notify them that you've wrecked a car	I don't know, but it's not wreck-amended.
What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence	Udder destruction
What do you call a corrupt lawyer	Senator.
What did one cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on him	Mitosis !
What will they call Bruce Jenner after the final sex-change operation	Sluice
What do you call souvenirs from the last battle of the Napoleonic wars	Wat-heirlooms.
What did the double hand amputee get for Christmas	I don't know, he hasn't managed to open it yet.
What do you call a fear of Alkaline	A pH-obia
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a boy scout	A boyscout who helps little old ladies hop across the street.
What do you call an aardvark that writes poems	A bardvark!
What do you get if you cross a skunk with a bear	Winnie the Pooh !
What does the man with two left feet ask the shoe salesman	Do you sell flip-flips?
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	Halfway
What did the seal say to the walrus after dating him for three months	I think we should sea otter people.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs floating in the ocean	Bob
What do you call someone who is obsessed with a constant breeze	a 'fan'atic.
What did the horse say to the other horse	Hay,I thought you knew horses couldn't speak!
What did the drowning mathematician say	Logloglogloglog...
What did the egg say to the  boiling water	How can you expect me to get hard so fast? I just got laid a minute ago.
What did the insurance company say to the applicant	THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM!
What's the hardest part of skydiving	The ground.
What's the hardest part about rollerskating	Explaining to your dad that you're gay
What type of transporter does Mr. Scott use	A Beemer.
What's the hardest part of skydiving	The ground!
What do you call an Aboriginal in a lamp	And Abori-genie.
What do you call a dog who likes a lot of bass in his music	A Sub-Woofer.
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	A dictator. EDIT: In regards to BattletardBlacknigga, I also heard this joke from my dad. Which was awkward but made it funnier in a weird way.....
What did Dr. Evil say when he fell in the rancor pit	Throw me a frickin bone here.
what's the difference between a vagina and your joke	Nothing. They both stink!
What does a tornado and a woman have in common	It starts with a little blowing but at the end your house is gone
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie	Minority Deport
What did the sushi say to the bee	WASABI. Ah, best lame joke ever.
What kind of apple has a short temper	A crab apple.
What do you call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe	Fur traders.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Getting injected with tetanus.
What is a jewish golfer's favorite vegetable	A parsnip.
What do Trump and Sanders have in common	They both have an equal chance of winning the Democratic nomination.
What is impotence	Impotence is when your mind starts to be a dick and your dick is philosophising.
What does the cow say while having sex	Nothing... she just mmmooOOOAAAANNnnnsssss...
What's the difference between Black man, and Batman	Batman can go in a convenience store without Robbin.
What's the difference between Colonel Custer and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians
What does the Pokemon dentist do	He takes a Pikachu teeth.
What do you call a stylish molecule	A molecool.
WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU MIX A RETARD AND A FUCKHEAD	AN AMERICAN! YOU GET AN AMERICAN!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	Carrot!
What do an anorexic person and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common	They both gotta go fast.
What's the exchange rate for pigs and trees	A porcupine.
What do you call noodles that aren't spaghetti	Impastas
What do you call fake pasta	An impasta
What did the Native American say when he killed his son on a hunting trip	Bison
What's the three toughest years of a bass player	Second grade.
What's a Brooklyn contractors favorite dance	Dewalts
What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish	The PETRI dish!
What do you call a know-it-all Mexican	A Solution Manuel
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be exactly two, and now it's too offensive to talk about.
What is the best way to make your dick look and feel really big	Fuck a toddler.
What do Reddit and building a mile long fence have in common	Post...repost.....repost....repost...repost...
What would The Beatles have been called if Ringo never joined	The Beatless
What do you call a waterfall which causes erections	Viagra Falls
What's a nice guys favorite type of wood	M'hogany
What was Adolf Hitler's favourite computer game	Mein Kraft.
What's the biggest advantage to living in Switzerland	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a gay chemist	Homogeneous.
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on Juan.
What did the gynaecologist say to the vagina that grabbed his sandwich	Don't, Snatch.
What is the name of your friend's advisor	Budweiser
What has been inside a live bitch and dead pig	Apparently Cameroon's dick.
What did the optimist say as he jumped off the building	So far, so good.
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door  bell	A hum dinger !
What do you call the Moon spirit that at once sits upon a lake of glowing jade and exists nestled within our divine souls	Altha'or syzygena
What's white and crawls up your leg	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice
What is black &amp; white, black &amp; white, black &amp; white, black &amp; white, black &amp; white, black &amp; blue	A nun falling down the stairs
What did the scarecrow say when the farmer asked him in for dinner	No thanks, I'm stuffed.
Whats black and eats pussy	Cervical cancer.
What do you call a bird with 3 wings and 3 legs	Triangull
What do you call an ant who likes to be alone	An independant !
What is the difference between a girl and a pool table	You have a shot with a pool table.
What do you call the study of Japanese sound	Yakuztics
What's the most problematic time of day	4:04
What do you call two lesbians in a fist fight	A Muffle Ruffle.
What do gangsters put on their nachos	Glock-amole
What do the 2016 Rio Olympics and the 2016 US presidential race have in common	Half of the competitors cheat and the other half aren't qualified.
What do I get when u heat up sour cream	Just cream, it's not sour. -told me to by a friend. AP
What goes hum-choo hum choo	A bee with a cold !
What's the difference between a pineapple and the White House	A pineapples pricks are on the outside.
What do you call a bad Italian neighborhood	The spaghetto.
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike	An Ethiopian
What did the Machop say to the guy who was giving him a hard time	You're really bustin' Machops!
What do you call an Asian woman who lives next to a data centre	Ping Lo.
What's the similarity between women and dogshit	The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
What do you call a Mexican Girl with no legs	*cunts*-*way*-*low*
What was the last thing that went through the fly's head when he hit the windshield	His ass.
What do you call it when you feed a stick of dynamite to a steer	Abominable! (say it out loud, slowly)
What do you call an uncertain insect today	A May bee.
What's the best thing about oral sex	The 5 minutes of peace and quiet!
What does Debbie Reynolds sing in heaven	Good mourning, good mourning, good mourning!!!
Whats the difference between jam and marmalade	?NSFW You can't marmalade your cock up someone's ass
What is a horses favourite TV show	Neeeebours
What did the patriarchy serve at their dinner party	Traditional gender rolls.
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall	Damn!
What's the definition of Parity	Two parrots exactly the same!
What do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies	The Polterheist
Q: What do you feed an invisible cat	A: Evaporated milk.
What do you call a tree that protects Gotham City	Spruce Wayne
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	A cat has its claws at the end of its paws and a comma is the pause at the end of a clause.
What does a woman and KFC have in common	Well, you start with the breasts and the thighs, and you end up with a greasy box to put your bone in.
Q: What happens if a pig parks illegally	A: It oink-urs a fine.
What's a mole's favourite fruit	An Avagadro.
What's green and hurts when it hits you in the eye	A snooker table
What did the gymnast and the grad student have in common	The both had an outstanding balance.
What do you say to a virgin when she sneezes	Goesintight
What bring a dead duck back to life	A dead bullfrog.
What's the difference between an astronaut and a NASA intern	One's constantly preparing for lunch.
What did Jesse say to Woody when they were having a threesome with Buzz Lightyear	You've got a friend in me
What do you call a construction company that only employs midgets	Clearly short handed.
What kind of soldier doesn't need bullets	The kind of soldier that's always shooting his mouth off.
What are the coldest triangles	Ice-sosceles
What did the old billy bobs eat at McDonald's	McChicken-killer... Yeah I'm really stoned smoked a chicken killer and ate McDonald's
What did the zero say to the eight	Nice belt, fuck face.
What's the best part about dating 26 year olds	There's twenty of them.
What is the most confusing day in Harlem	Fathers Day!
What do Bill Cosby and Santa have in common	They don't come until you're asleep
What is it called when two birds kiss	A Peck.
What is a Cambodian's favorite meal	Pol Pot.
What's the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle	A tire.
What do you call an underwater ride sharing service	Scuber!
What's the difference between an introverted scientist and an extroverted scientist	An extroverted scientist will stare at YOUR feet.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute	A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again
What are bananas high in	Trees!
What's a Russian's favorite Italian dish	Pepperoni Picza!
What's the disease that slowly turns your skin black	Rap Music
What do floppy disks and Jesus have in common	They both had to die to become the icon of saving.
What does its job only after its been fired	A bullet.
What is an astronaut's favorite power tool	An orbital sander
What did the gamer say to the fleeing prisoner	Run! escape!
What does a child without arms get for x-mas	gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a bassist	Santa Claus has gifts
What's the favorite dairy product of Wall Street executives	1% milk
What did the mountain climber name his horse	Everest. Any time he is bored I see him Mount Everest.
Q: What has fifty legs but still can't walk	A: Half a centipede.
What do a lonely astronaut and your thumbs have in common	They both hang out at the Space Bar.
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and stainless steel testicles	Sparky.
What's the difference between the English rugby team and a teabag	A teabag stays in the cup longer! (im so sorry ;-;)
What do vegetarian zombies eat	Graaaiiinnss.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a fly	Try sewing buttons on a mosquito !
What happens when a cow jumps over barbed wire	Udder destruction!
What do you call it when you hire your relatives to play with your nipples	Nippletism
What is uglier than an aardvark	Two aardvarks!
What's a wavelength's favorite animal	A lamb, duh!
What do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common	You know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.
What do you call a tall buffalo	Buffahigh
What's the difference between a mosquito and a nympho	A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
What do you call a dog in a sub	A subwoofer! Now again: What do you call a dog in a sub? Chinese food!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a box of dead babies	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
What do you call a Frenchman in Colorado	A French Fried
What do you call an angry gay guy	Oxymoron. - I will see myself out
What do stupid kids do at Halloween	They carve a face on an apple and go bobbing for pumpkins.
Q: What kind of dog can jump higher than a building	A: Any dog. A building can't jump.
What kind of wine does Bruce Lee pair with a fish dinner	None, he just has some WATAH!
What do you call two crows on a park bench	Attempted murder.
What's worse than finding your dad murdered	The cop at the crime scene saying ""I'm so sorry son
What's the difference between sod and a fat chick	Nothing, sooner or later they will both be laid by a Mexican
What happens when Nigel Farage makes a promise	He brexit.
What's BROWN and making California a miserable place to live	California Governor Jerry BROWN you racist asshole!
What's the difference between Trump and a stripper	Strippers climb polls.
What is green and smells like paint	!? Green paint.
What did the Mexican shopkeeper say to the thief	That's Nachos.
What's the difference between a gambler and a Kasich supporter	A gambler might lose.
Whats the difference between a Jewish and a Black person	About $100,000
What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom	Angus McCoatup
What sign did the mother put up in her neighbourhood when she realized her child's IQ was below average	SLOW CHILDREN PLAYING
What's a pirates favorite material	~~Arrrgyle~~*YARRRN!*^Thanks ^Bravesurf
Whats better then a gold medal in the special Olympics	Not being retarded.
What's your least favorite race	I personally can't stand 5K's
What did the football say to the football player	I get a kick out of you.
What do you call a cat crossed with a canary	a cosh(x/a)
What is the speciality of Alan Turing	He was homogeneous
What do mice eat during the summer	Micecream
What do you call a whiny dog	A chi-WAAA-WAAA!!!!
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book	A book has papers.
What do you call money that grows on trees	Marijuana
What do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl	? My ass.
What do Donald Trump and the milk in my fridge have in common	It better get thrown out by November 8 or else I'm going to get violently sick.
What did the potato ask the cow	Give me some milk, and we can make mashed potatoes.
What did the black holes say when they collided	Nothing, they just waved. (Sorry)
What do a hockey player and a hippie chick have in common	They both shower after 3 periods.
What do you call a barnyard uprising	A chicken coup! ;)
What did the duck say to the chicken who was about to cross the road	quack
What do you call a snake that rides around on the front of a car	A windshield viper.
What's the Middle East's favorite candy	YemenHeads
What do my toaster and I have in common	We both like to be in the same bathtub at the same time.
What can bring The Beatles back together	Two more bullets.
What do you call someone who slaps their siblings daughter	A niece slapper.
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
What do the iPhone 5 and Viagra have in common	They're both $700 for an extra inch!
What did Helen Keller say when she picked up a cheese grater	That was the most violent book I've ever read..........
Whats 2 + 2	A math problem.
What is 1000 laughs called	A gigglehert
What do you call a fight between a child molester and an illegal immigrant	Alien versus Predator.
What do the elderly eat	Dementos
What's a bee-line	The shortest distance between two buzz-stops !
What's the worst thing you can hear while giving Willie Nelson a blowjob	I'm not Willie Nelson...
Whats the difference between racism and Asians	Racism has many faces.
Q: What kind of court order would be placed on a pig in order to prevent it from taking a specific course of action	A: An inj-oink-tion.
What was the smoking bee full of	Nicosting!
What did the ghost say to the bees	Boo Bees
What's a fat kids favourite instrument	The dinner bell
What is a British woman on her period	A bloody cunt.
What animal brings the most boys to the yard	The [milk snake](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milk_snake)
What is H20 Made out of	20 hydrogen atoms.
What's the difference... between racism and Chinese people	- Racism has many faces
What's the difference between terrorists and tourists	Terrorists have sympathizers.
What's the most efficient fuel to use when chasing cars	Snow Petrol!
What does a German use to polish his trumpet	Toot tonic
What does a nerd and a bad baseball player have in common	They both can't get to first base!
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi	Stew. Bonus: what do you do if an epileptic jumps into a jacuzzi? You throw in your laundry.
Whats the diff between EROTIC and KINKY	EROTIC is when you use a feather. KINKY is when you use the whole chicken.
What happens when you keep feeding a cow money	You get rich milk.
What do you call an elderly nun riding a scooter	Virgin Mobile.
What is the difference between a fridge and a pussy	The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's the difference between a magician's wand and a nightstick	One is used for cunning stunts, the other is used for stunning cunts.
Whats the worse part of being a pedophile	Trying to fit in.
What has nine arms and sucks	Def Leppard.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It really won't matter. He isn't coming anyway.
What is the cheapest meat you can buy	Deer balls...because it's under a buck.
What did God say when he saw the first black person	Ooops, I burnt one!
What do you call a homesick Asian	Disoriented
What's the worst STD you can get from a black man	Pregnancy.
What's green and german	Snotzis.
What is something that you never forget on a field trip	9/11.
What do you call 16 white girls in a room	One whole Cherokee
What do you call a tin can that's done with High School	A graduated cylinder!
What is a crocodile's favorite food	Post to /r/askscience asshole
[girl points at my scar] What happened	Oh that? Old sports injury. [flashback to me sprinting after an ice cream truck]
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry potter can get out of a chamber
What was the name of the Indian DJ	Sikh Beats.
What do you call a Mesoamerican unicorn	Unimaize
What is the difference between a blonde in a church and a blonde in the bath tub	One has hope in her soul...
What did the Ottoman Sultan do when he got home from campaigning	He got his dick out for his Haram bae's.
What do you call a Frenchman that wears sandals	Phillipe Floppe Courtesy, my Neuroscience Prof.
What's the difference between a teenager and a radioactive element	Radioactive elements last longer.
What did the host serve his guests for The Simpsons marathon night	Disco Stew!
What do you call the action of a banker buying weed	A dank transaction
What do you plant ... What do you plant, to grow a really big plant that has nothing wrong with it	Dyslexic acorns. They grow into A-ok trees.
What do you call a 45 pound Ethiopian	Fat.
What's another name for floor pie	3.
What happened to the cow who jumped over the barb wire fence	Udder destruction
What did the Duracell Bunny get arrested for	Assault and battery
What stopped winter from coming	Winterfell and it can't get up.
What do you call a gay Jamaican	A Pokemon.
What's the difference between a Southern wedding and a Southern tornado	Nothing - either way someone's gonna lose a trailer *shamelessly stolen from Robin Williams
What do you call a computer that sings	A Dell
What kind of blaster would you ambush Darth Vader with	I would use a sandblaster.
What do you call 256 Shades of Grey	Grayscale
What do you get if you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber	Nothing  you can't cross a vector with a scaler.
What do you call a huge pile of cats	A Meowntain
What do you call a guy who screams, ""I love you, mom!"" every time he climaxes	Me.
What do you call clothes for a car	A tire.
[Game of Thrones] What happens if Ramsay Bolton met Samwell Tarly's girlfriend	Gilly suit
What's the difference between an orphanage and a beach ball	You won't go to prison for blowing up a beach ball.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move	Hit the Juan
what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	gang rape
What percentage of police officers are strippers and what percentage of strippers are police officers	I'm confused.
What's the difference between a punchline and a cute girl	Sometimes I get the punchline :(
What will people say when Prince Charles dies	Long live the Queen.
What do hurricanes most like to eat for dessert	-Candy Canes
What's the most Jewish instrument	The Sachs
What happened to the dwarf who walked between a lady's legs	He got a clit around the ear and a flap on the face.
Q: What do you call a swimming pool full of blondes	A: Frosted Flakes.
What do you call an airplane that has sex with both men and women	A biplane.
What's Hillary's favorite pizza place	Little Seizures Edit: credit to Joe Biggs @rambobiggs
What do you call a dinosaur that's in a hurry	A Prontosaur.
What does the Israeli Defense Force call their firebombs	Mazel-tov Cocktails
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back	A stick.
What do you call a cow with three legs	Tri-tip. What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What's the definition of a will	(It's a dead giveaway)
What do you call fat dubstep	Chubby wubby
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 5 black guys	Coach.
What do Marie Curies Notebooks and a defected KGB agent have in common	They both won't be investigated very closely.
What does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced	A buck-an-ear
What do you get if you cross a Phyllis with a Christine	A Philistine with two mommies ...
What kind of music do wind turbines listen to	They're huge metal fans.
What does Mr. T say when he sees a fat lady at a bar	I pity the stool!
What is the definition of a farmer	Someone who is outstanding in his field. *hehehe* Credit: Laffy Taffy
What did one ocean say to the other	Nothing, they just waved.
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an arsehole	Barack Obama's Tie
What do Dale Earnhardt and Adolf Hitler have in common	They both died before finishing a race.
What does a neckbeard eat for breakfast	Pankeks.
What do you call a three humped camel	Pregnant. (Credit goes to the trailer of Zootopia)
What's the Difference Between a Hormone and a Pheromone	You can't hear a pheromone.
What do gay horses eat	Cock
What do you call the urge to crack open a cold one	Necrophilia.
What is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a buck fifty, but deer nuts are under a buck!
What do you do when you see a spaceman	You park in it, man.
What did the homeless man get for christmas	Hypothermia.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What do cannibals put in their soup	Ramen! -------- Before you judge harshly, I would like to state that this was invented by a six year old, all on his own, no coaching.
What goes dot dot dash squeak	Mouse code !
What do you call an openly gay detective	Surecocks Holmes
What is the biggest key when moving a piano up a flight of stairs	Be sharp or Be flat.
What is the difference between a English actuary and a Sicilian actuary	An English actuary can tell you how many people are going to die next year. A Sicilian actuary can give you their names...
What do you call a man with a nose but no body	nobody knows
What's Moby Dick's dads name	Poppa Boner
What goes 'peck bang peck bang peck bang'	A bunch of chickens in a field full of balloons !
What is better than Porn	HD Porn
What do you call it when you lease false teeth	A dental rental.
What do you call a black guy who just graduated from medical school	Doctor, you racist son of a bitch.
What do you call Minecraft in Germany	NEIN-CRAFT!
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation	Discrimination
What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a rooster	An itchy cock
What's the difference between jews and girl scouts	The girl scouts come back from the camp.
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world	A: The library, because it has so many stories.
What do you call a spoiled sausage	A brat-wurst.
What did the clam say when a crab attacked him	Kelp!
What Do Ghosts Like To Stare At	BooBees.
What do you call a smelly fellow that makes bad jokes	Pungent
What's the difference between an immigrant &amp; a book	One of them has papers.
What stories are told by basketball players	Tall stories !
What do you call a virgin redneck	A 7 year old who can run faster than her brothers.
What does a feminist and a tampon have in common	They're both stuck up cunts.
What did the dentist say to the golfer	You have a hole in one.
What did one autumn leaf say to another	I'm falling for you.
What do you call it when Gandhi starts a food fight	Naan violence
What's a cats favourite dictator	Chairman Maow
What do rioting jewish people throw	Mazel tov cocktails
What's a greater Pressure, the impact of Earth hitting the sun, the impact of Earth hitting the moon, or Republican demands for Carson and Kasich to drop out	Please discuss. Thanks.
What do you get from pampered cows	Spoiled milk!
What do you call someone who makes horribly lame jokes	A redditor
What's the difference between a dog and a cat	If a cat were big enough it would eat you.
What's the hardest part about dumping a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
What comes after Ebola	Fbola.
What does a fisherman say when he catches a fish	His catch-phrase. Short n' Sweet, hope you like it!
What do you call a short Mexican	A paragraph because hes not quite yet an essay.
What did the tailor say after a job well done	There is nothing left too loose.
What do you call a Shi Tzu giving a blowjob	Shit Head.
What do Pizza Delivery guys and Gynecologists have in common	They can both smell it, but can't eat it..
What do a tornado and a redneck wedding have in common	Either way you lose a motorhome.
What is the Greek Army's motto	Never leave your buddy's behind.
What do you call a hen staring at lettuce	Chicken sees-a salad
What is it called when an Ethiopian takes a shit	Bragging
What do you call a monkey in a suit	Over-dressed!
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	A: Snowballs.
What is the design philosophy of the iPhone 7	Jack off
What's the difference between a homeless wanker and a pimp	One's a broke stroker and the other is a stroke broker.
What do you call a sad gay Brit	Aaa bloody bummer
What's the difference between a Pakistani mosque and a Afghanistan mosque and an Iraqi mosque	How should I know, I just fly the drones.
What hairstyle does Christopher Nolan get at the barber	A director's cut
What do you call four Mexicans at the bottom of the ocean	Quatro Sinko
What's green, fuzzy, has four legs and would kill you if it fell out of a tree and landed on you	A pool table
What does a Polish woman and a hockey team have in common	They both change their pads after three periods.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get a hair cut	A barbecue
What do you call a bra designed for neutrois	Ze-bra
What's small, black and full of cobwebs	An ethiopian's asshole.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See you next month.
What did the one banana say to the other banana who had his feelings hurt	I know that peel.
What do lawyers use for birth control	Personality.
What do a glass of water and an Atheist have in common	Jesus can make them both wine.
What does Donald Trump call a hundred dollar bill	Trump change
What's the difference between a camera and a foot	A camera has photos and a foot has five toes. (Told to me by a 9 year old child I work with)
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call it, it's not going to come.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	Boy scouts come back from camp.
What do you call a gingerbread man with one leg	Limp Biscuit.
What's it called when Batman leaves church early	Christian Bale.
What goes thru a bug's mind when it hits your windshield	It's asshole.
What do you call a herd of masturbating cows	Beef stroganoff
What do Americans and Putin have in common	They'll both be nuking Turkey after Thanksgiving.
What did the cow say to the hay	I chews you
What did the elephant say to the naked man ""How do you breath through that thing	!
What do you call a wine convention in upstate New York	The Lake Champlain Champagne Campaign
What do you call someone with no body and just a nose	Nobody knows
What's the difference between an American student and an English student	About 3000 miles !
whats a vampires teabag	tampons (used of course)
What does a corpse and snow have in common	They are both cold and are hilarious to throw at unsuspecting children.
What did the black man say to the white kid	Put the gun down!
Q: What do you call four matadors in quicksand	A: Quatro sinko.
What do you call a Jewish piano	A cash register.
What is Adam Johnson's favourite kill streak	Predator missile
What did one alcoholic say to the other alcoholic	I forget
What do you call a pile of kittens	a meowtain!
What do you call a women with one leg	ilene
Whats my knee's favourite channel	Dis-knee channel.
What's the most important part of a Taliban joke	The execution!
What kind of doctor is always on call	An oncologist.
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a monkey	AIDS for humanity
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick down your throat
What's the only thing politicians stand for	Reelection.
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman	Rick O'Shea.
What is the difference between the avian flu and the swine flu	One requires a tweetment and the other need an oinkment.
what""s the difference between tuna and chicken	a shower
What kind of bagel can fly	A plane bagel.
What is a gay guy's favorite kind of yogurt	The kind with the fruit on the bottom.
What does the broken clock do when it gets hungry	It goes back four seconds!
What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan	The Sims
What program do Jedi use to PDF files	Adobe Wan Kenobi
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down	It gets toad away
What did the bassist say when he played too high	I'm in treble now
What's the best time to go to the dentist	2:30.
What's the difference between an orphan home and a terrorists' boot camp	I don't know. I'm retiring next month.
What's long and smells like shit	The unemployment line.
What does a short sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common	They both have wet noses
What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies	Q: What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies? A: ""Is ANYTHING all right?
What do you call an Indian stoner	Man, deep
What do you call a Scottish parrot	A Macaw !
What's the longest Island in New York	Long Island.
What is something that is always heard but never seen	A member of the Queen's guard doing a single squat.
what do you call 4 mexicans in a boat with a whole in it	Quattro cinco
What is the difference between Courtney Love and a porcupine	A porcupines needle won't give you AIDS
What's the best part about banging twenty two year olds	There's twenty of them.
What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable	The Wheelchair.
What gets wetter the more you dry it	A woman with a towel fetish
What scratches the window before it explodes	A baby in a microwave
What do slutty women and Windows have in common	They're both backwards compatible.
What do you call an epileptic in a bush	Russell
What's the difference between a duck	One of it's legs are both the same.
What do they call aborted fetuses in Prague	Cancelled Czechs.
Q: What's the richest kind of air	A: A millionaire.
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a child molester	Alien vs Predator
Whats a Mexicans Favorite sport	Cross-Crountry
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard, i just got laid by a chick.
What lottery did the broom win	The sweepstakes.
What's the worst thing Willie Nelson can tell you while giving you a handjob	I'm not Willie Nelson
What do pirates do with their treasure in the winter	They BURy it
What's the difference between three penises and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What kind of fish is made from two sodium atoms	A 2na
What two things should people stop shaking because shaking hurts these things development	Polaroid Integral Film and Babies
What do you call a master at guessing Anime characters	Guesu
What is a gay orc's favorite gay bar to go to	MANFLESH.
What beer do elderly rednecks drink	Silver Mullet
What is Relative Humidity	The sweat on your balls when you screw your cousin.
What's the difference between a feminist and a computer	You can punch information into a computer.
What's the difference between Rutgers and Rikers	One turns young people into horrible human beings and the other is jail.
What do you get is you cross a ghost with a  packet of potato chips	Snacks that go crunch in the night.
What's green and eats nuts	Syphilis.
What do you get when you mix a broccoli and a melon	The saddest vegetable known to man: a melonccoli.
What're nuts on a wall	Bob: What are nuts on a wall? Dan: walnuts? Bob: What are nuts on a chest? Dan: Chestnuts? Bob: What are nuts on your chin? Dan: Chinnuts? Bob: No, dick in your mouth!
Whats green and goes round and round at 100 miles an hour	A frog in a blender !
What do you call a one legged female pirate	ARRRRlene...
Q: What did the dinosaur say when he saw  the volcano explode	A: What a lavaly day!
What's a pirates favorite letter	argh..."" ""NO, IT BE THE SEA
What song people listen to while jumping off skyscrapers	Let the bodies hit the floor by Drowning Pool.
What do you call a greedy crab	Shell fish......
What is the favourite meal of pakistani taliban members	Tikka Malala
whats that detective, the serial killer is in the mall	i'll hack into their security cameras real fast [types ""job openings"" into google]
What did the city say to its father before it left for Mexico	Ciudad
What do Australians call the state in which Sydney is located	(nsfw) New South Fucking Wales
what's the difference between 3 cocks and a joke	your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a female roach with a weiner	A transpestite.
What do you call the stupidest fish in the sea	A dumb bass.
What disease do you get from kissing birds	Chirpes. It's one of those canarial diseases. They say it's untweetable.
What's the difference between a movie rental machine and several prehistoric towns	One is Redbox, the others are Bedrocks.
What do University of Miami, Florida State, and University of Florida football fans have in common	None attended the University of Miami.
What does a cynical Irishman drink	Whiskey sour
What does a bunny do to a bank	Rabbit
What's the difference between a shi-tzu and a community organizer	Zu.
What is the cutest car	A BM-cuddle-U
What do landfills and hookers have in common	Uncovered loads cost double
What kind of fruit is also a vegetable	Elton John in a coma.
What do people say when you win a game in Egypt	Game, *Set,* and match.
What language does a boxer who punches jokes speak	Punjabi-ng.
What is long, pink, and drags along the ocean floor	Moby's Dick
What's the best part of two lesbians marrying	Two cooks in the house.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old	Ayeee-Matey
What do you call an earthquake in NYC	Harlem Shake.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeve
What do you call a gay guy in a coma	A watermelon.
What is a pirate's least favorite letter	Dear Sir/Ma'am, We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: 1. Illegal Downloading
What do you call a waterfall that flows upwards	Viagra falls!
What's your favorite joke	mine's Womens Rights.
What do you get with a corduroy condom	A groovy kind of love.
[Racist] What does a black women do after having a water birth	Flush the toilet.
What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffet have in common	They both had kurds in their way. (Curds in their whey.) ***This joke is phonetically superior to its' written version.
What's the main ingredient when making pickle bread	Dill dough.
What is the difference between a jew and a pizza	A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
What did the hillbilly say when he saw the new C7 Vette	NAS-car
What do you say when Al Gore writes computer code	He's writing an Algorithm!
What do Lewinsky, Monroe, and Reddit have in common	They all went down on a President.
What did the seamen say to his friend	It was a long road, but I ended up coming out a head.
What's the difference between incest porn and regular porn	The mute button.
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a rapist	A rapist doesn't waste time beating around the bush
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew	You have to stand at the back of the gas chamber
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	One requires tweetment and the other needs oinkment
What do girls fear that's big, scary, and pink	The Alaskan Bull Worm.
What supervillain do you know the least about	Loki , because he is low-key.
What do you call a frenchman in the World Cup Final	A referee
What is Jeremy Clarkson's PIN number	Nought two sixty.
What did the Doe say when she walked out of the bushes	I'll never do that for two bucks again.
What happened when the cannibal ate the  speaking clock	It repeated on him.
What's Chris Martin's favorite drink	Apple Martini
What is Canadian graffiti like	Canadian graffiti be like, F WORD (sorry)
What's the difference between garbanzo beans an chickpeas	I don't have to play $50 for a garbanzo bean in my face.
What do you call a geologist who can't hear	Stone deaf...
What do you call a wolf with Stockholm Syndrome	A Dog.
What do you call a Japanese Transvestite	Nip Tuck
What do you call a stupid ant	Antwerp.
What's the difference between light and hard	You can fall asleep with a light on.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew	A pizza doesn't get offended by this joke
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to fish	Mer-curious
What's an asexual person's favorite thing to do in the bedroom	Fuckin' nothin'.
What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown	Artificial intelligence.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Chris Christie	When things go south,Trump burns bridges, Christie just shuts them down.
What did the borg say to the medieval peasant	Resistance if feudal
What happens when the president of the United States has to use the bathroom	The state of alert in the White House rises to Defecate 2.
What's the definition of a good tax accountant	Someone who has a loophole named after him.
What happens when libertarians and honey badgers don't give a shit together	An ex-lax shortage
What do you call a man with no shins	Tony.
What kind of fruit isn't allowed to get married	A cantaloupe.
What is the difference between a gay man and a hot dog	One is an oscar meyer weiner, the other admires oscar's weinner
What would Hitler have said to the Jews if he were a Keynesian economist	In the short run, _you're_ all dead!
What did Captain Hook say to Peter Pan	Fuck Niggers !! Lol !!
What came first the chicken or the egg	The chicken, eggs can't cum
What rings twice and screams once	Ray Charles answering the iron
What flavor is the milkshake	How far away is the yard? How could you know its better than mine? You seem, frankly, a bit overconfident.
What did the one volcano say to the other volcano	Do you lava me like I lava you. It's beautiful.
What's a four letter word for intercourse ending with K	Talk
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger say when Christmas is over	[OC] (please use your Ahnold voice) Hasta la vista, Baby....Jesus.
What's a German's favorite fruit	An Auto-Bahnana
What's worse than beating a dead horse	Shooting a live gorilla
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza with	Little Caesars!
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Prius	Porcupines have pricks on the outside
What do you get when you cross a white cow with mad cow disease and a grizzly bear	A bi-polar bear.
What do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common	They both love cracking open a cold one!
What do you call a man in the window	INNUENDO!!!!!!!
What did the banana say to the vibrator	A: Why are YOU shaking? She's going to eat me!
What was the title of the soundtrack to 'The Inconvenient Truth'	Al Gore Rhythms
What do you call a boring banana	unaPEELING
What's green and lays in a ditch while covered in cookie crumbs	The Girl Scout that got hit by a car.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	...a rip off.
What's the difference between an Irish Funeral and an Irish Wedding	One less drunk person.
What university did Lil Jon go to	YAAAAAAAAALE
What do you call a thousand terabytes of child porn	A pedobyte.
What do you call a residential area for horse lovers	A neighbourhood.
What do you call an unemployed classical musician	Baroque
What's the worst part about being black and Jewish	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game	Pick Six
What's the speed limit to sex	68. Once you go 69 you have to stop and turn around.
What do you get when you step into the ring with Mohammad Ali	Too soon
What do you call a sarcastic Canadian cow	Cowlin Mockery
What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle	You can spill your beer on a fiddle.
What do you call the guy who graduates last in medical class	Doctor
What do you call a disabled nun	Virgin mobile
What do Japanese men do when they have erections	Vote.
Whats the difference between a mosquito &amp; a hot blonde chick	A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
what does a family dentist and a pedophile have in common	They both fill little kids' cavities. Original by me.
What's a pickup artist's favorite breakfast	Steak and negs. In shame and solitude
What happened when the cannibal got a religion	He only ate Catholics on Fridays!
What's the name of that German guy that keeps hiding my stuff around the house	Alzheimer, Grandma.
What's the national anthem of Puerto Rico	Attention K-Mart shoppers...
What are four ways of spreading information that begins with ""tel""	Telephone, telegram, television, and tell a woman.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Finding half a worm in your apple.
What is the sheeps market called	The Baa-zar.
What sort of cheese do you use to get a bear to go on a outing with you	Camembert
What do you call a horny chemist	An H2Ho.
What's the difference between a hooker and a crackhead	A hooker washes her crack and resells it.
What do you call a stupid, ugly, fat cow that gives birth to idiots that don't know when their own mother is being insulted	Your mom.
What did the hat say to the scarf	You hang around here while I go on ahead.
What do you do with a dead chemist	You Barium.
What does Neil Patrick Harris call his toilet	His Dookie Houser
What did Jeffrey Dahlmer say to Lorena Bobbit	Excuse me are you going to eat that? *Ellen Barken on David Letterman show.
What did Shang Tsung say after conquering South Korea	Your Seoul is mine!
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
what's green and smells like pork	Kermit the frog's finger.
What do you call a brothel riddled with rabies	A frothel
What does Mr. T say when he walks into a buffet	I pity the full!
What's the difference between a Vagina and a Refrigerator	A Fridge doesn't fart when you take your meat out.
Q: What did the blonde say during a porno	A: ""There I am!
What do you want to do before you tickle someone	Test-tickles
What did the lawyer say when he stepped in dog shit	Help me..... I'm melting
What do Jaqen H'ghar from Game of Thrones and Christina Aguilera have in common	They both know ""what a girl wants"" and ""what a girl needs"".
What do Porsche and Apple have in common	New product, same design.
What do you call a deceptive legume	A Lima bean
What do you call a wet spy	James Pond (   )
What do you call a gay magician	A poof
What does a pencil have in common with marijuana	If it doesn't make you look smart, it's blunt.
Q: What was the real purpose of Bill's college visit to Moscow	A: To study economics.
What's the difference between fucking you and 9/11	No one forgot about 9/11
What do you call an angry witch	Ribbit.
What do you get when you cross Lee Iacocca and a vampire	AUTOEXEC.BAT (Not my joke, but I tell it every time a buzz needs killed.)
What's blue and square	An orange in disguise! Boom!!!
What happened to the Irishman who tried to blow up a school bus	He burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
What is a Canadian's Favorite Game	Sorry!
What did one strand of yarn say to the other	I'm not ready to dye, I still have a few ends to tie up. ""Ball up...
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye Matey
What do you call an exceptional Mexican	Nacho average guy
What has 52 teeth and can hold back the incredible Hulk	My Zipper
What did the school in Egypt finally get	A new bus.
What's the hardest part about being a vegan	Waking up at 5 am to milk the almonds.
What do you call a horse at night	A Nightmare
What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze	A shoe.
What are Starbucks two shipping options	Ground and federal expresso
What did the large furry mammal say when the salamander who kept asking for favors went too far	I can't bear it! You axolotl of me this time!
What's the difference between me and a pile of bricks	The bricks will get laid.
What do zombie vegans eat	... Grains!!!
What do you call it when a transcendentalist author looks at old photos	Thoreau Back Thursday
What's the most common question in Quantum Physics	I don't know
What did the police say when they finished interviewing Dylann Roof	You're hired
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard that  90% of accidents occur around the home	A: She moved.
What do you do with a Rhinoceros with 3 balls	You walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
What do you call a mix Mexican-Jamaican rock climber	A caribeaner.
What did the pink panther have all over his house after he fumigated for insects	dead ants... dead ants... dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead aaaaantsss
What is the same with you, a pet cat, and a pet dog	All of them are adopted
What do people from Cape Cod say to their butts	Hyannis
What wears a black white and tan coat but has no  hair	A bald beagle!
What did the burglar say to the  watchmaker as he tied him up	Sorry to take so much of your valuable time.
What do you call a bear in the Arctic	Starving.
What's the lawyer's favorite fruit	the advocado
What do you call a male prostitute who can't stop laughing	A giggle-o
What did Dave Grohl say when he dropped his Greek sandwich	There goes my gyro
What does a bee get at McDonalds	A humburger !
What does a 9-Volt battery and an asshole have in common	If you lick it, and nothing happens, you know its dead.
What do you call a reptile...	What do you call a reptile who says ""But Cowardly Lion......You've had courage..... This entire....Time""? [The Wonderful Lizard of Pause](/spoiler)
What do you call it when the women in the back of a mexican brothel talk after working all night	Whorechata. Probably my best original, lemme know what you think.
What can you tell a black kid to do	Go visit his family tree.
What did the handless box get for hristmas	Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened it yet.
what do you say to a puking prostitute	Heave-ho!
What's the difference.... Between my girlfriend and santa	Some people actually believe santa exist.
What do you get if you cross a skunk  and a dinosaur	A stinkasaurus!
Q: What came first; the chicken or the egg	A: The rooster.
Q: What did the can say to the can opener	A: You make me flip my lid.
What is ISIL's favourite dessert	Terrormisu
What do you call a urinary tract infection caused in a virgin	Immaculate Infection
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question ""Are you sexually active	A: ""No I just lie there.
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom	[NSFW] A pick pocket snatches watches.
What is Will Smith's favorite type of forensic evidence	Fresh prints.
What did the black boy say when he had diarrhea	I'm melting!
What did Joey Ramone say to the prostitute	Hi ho, lets go.
What do scientists say when they meet each other	Hydrogen Iodide
What do farmers say when something is important to them	It plays a big tractor.
What's even more impressive than a talking dog	A spelling bee!
What did scrooge mcduck use to educate huey , dewey and louie	Duck tapes
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil	I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on my face
What's the difference between 9/11 and a hand job	9/11 was an inside job
What does the nationalist sing at Christmas	Jingo Bells.
Whats the fastest way into a woman's heart	A pick-axe
What happens if you cross a parrot with a Gorilla	Nobody is sure but if it opened its mouth to speak you'd  listen!
What happened to the Greek dairy farmer who got robbed on his way to market	He was un-feta-ed of his cheese.
What borders stupidity	Canada and Mexico.
What do you call a woman who obsesses over learning about sex	An info-maniac.
Whats the Diffrence Between Hitler and Usain Bolt	One can acctualy finish a race
what do you call a bookstore that's also a bar	tequila mockingbird
What did Dj Khaled say to the barn owl	You talonted
What do you call it when you get an erection at a funeral	Mourning wood
What do you call a small bull	A MINI-TAUR!
What does a monk say when you evict him	Namaste
What do you say when you see your TV floating in the middle of the night	Drop it Ni**a (sorry for the offensive word)
What goes ""ha ha, thump thump	A guy laughing his balls off.
What happens in a chinese restaurant when the power goes out	It'll dim sum
What Daft Punk song is a hit amongst the hispanic community	Juan more time!
What do, you call a handicapped person with a, vasectomy	A seedless, vegetable.
What is the name of one of the Chinese gymnasts competing at the Rio Olympics	Wai Tu Yung
What has four wheels and flys	A garbage truck.
What car does a Mexican drive	A Quebrolet.
What is a Canadian vampire's favourite drink	Type Eh.
What did the guy with leprosy say to the prostitute	Keep the tip
[NSFW] what did the leper say to the hooker	Keep the tip
What is simultaneously the best and sh*ttiest way to start your day	Pooping
What did the leper say to the prostitute	(NSFW) You can keep the tip...
What do you call Dora the Explorer in an Iron Man suit	FeDora I'll see myself out.
What's better than two roses on your paino	Tulips on your organ.
Q: What's the best sport to learn when you are moving	A: Boxing
What did the moderate muslim say to the radical muslim	Hello friend!
What do the bathroom doors at the funeral home say	His and Hearse.
What does a mother use to keep her childrens' toenails soft and smooth	A pedi-file
What's the hardest part to eat on a vegetable	The wheelchair
What do outlaws eat with their milk	Crookies.
What kind of music does a factory worker listen to	Industrial Metal
What do you call a stork that doesn't bring babies	A swallow
What's the difference between a roasted chicken and a time bomb	If you don't know the answer please never invite me to dinner.
What do you call a sugar substitute that has poor taste	Sweet and Low-brow..
What is a mexican's favourite sport	Cross-Country Running
What's the difference between fire and water	Everything, dumbass
What's the smartest thing to ever come out of a woman's mouth	Albert Einstein's dick.
What do you call someone from Massachusetts who murders a bunch of Catholics	A Mass. Mass Mass Murderer.
What do you call a confidence game within a confidence game within (yet another) confidence game	Conception
What do you get if you cross a SJW and Jason Voorhees	Social justice.
what did the asian german say to that Jew joke that hit the front page	I Reich
What's 6.9	69 interrupted by a period.
What sound does a bouncing plane make	Boeing boeing boeing
Q: What happened when the dog went to the flea circus	- A: It stole the show!
Whats the difference between racism and asians	Racism has many faces.
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early	Christian Bale
What do you call the next generation of motherboard	A daughterboard.
what's the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral	one guest
What did the bacterium do when its sibling stepped on its toe	My toe sis!
What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'	One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter. - [*Masai Graham*](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-34039927)
What is green and has cake	Grass. The cake is a lie.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	I don't rape the sandwich before I eat it.
What did the NSA agent say to the other NSA agent when he saw the German Chancellor	I'd tap that.
What is Al Qaeda's favourite team	New York Jets
What do you call a Greek guy walking down the stairs	Con-Descending
What is Fido the dog's favorite part of a tree	Bark! What is his favorite canine? Wolf! How does he like his sex? Ruff!
Whats the difference between an elephant and a grape	They are both purple, except for the elephant.
What do prostitute Equine wear	They wear Whoreshoes
What do you call the everyday routines of rabbits	Rabbits habits.
What does the head of the Catholic Church used to buy goods online	Papal
What's the difference between me and a calendar	A calendar has dates. #foreveralone
What's another name for a casket	Mourning wood.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit	Ba-na-na-naaa!
What's the difference between a Circumcision and a Crucifiction	With crucifictions, they throw the whole jew away.
What do you call a high security U.S. prison in China	Wonton-amo Bay
What has five bodies and one soul	A Kia full of Gingers.
What will they play at the presidential inauguration if Republicans win	Trump-ets I'll see myself out
What's hardest part about eating bald pussy	Putting the diaper back on.
what's the difference between a wife and a job	After 10 years the job still sucks.
What was the vegan craving when he got bit by a zombie	GRRRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNNSSSS
What is the difference between British beer and a pussy	The pussy only tastes like piss at the start.
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi	There...their...they're..
What happens when a lighter smokes weed	It becomes a high-lighter!
What do you call a pack of sorority girls who aren't in law school	Deez hoes ain't lawyers.
What do you tell someone who occupies space and has mass	You matter.
What do you say to a chav that has got a job	Bigmac and fries please
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other	see you next month
What do you get when you cross pokemon and digimon	! A poke-mon!
What do you call a fight between film actors	Star wars !
What's the difference... What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a bra	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
Q: What does a king do when he burps	A: He issues a royal pardon.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish a race
What kind of musical instrument do mice play	A mouse organ !
What do you call four Mexicans drowning	Cuatro sinko
What is a gay guys favorite search engine	Bing Bing
What do you call a chocolate moose	Dessert.
What's the difference between your wife and your job	After five years, your job will still suck.
What's worse than sitting on a cold toilet seat	Sitting on a warm one.
Q: What do a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common	A: By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEE
What do you get when you squeeze a Synagogue	Jews.
What's the worst part about raping a deaf chick	You have to cut her fingers off so she can't tell anyone!
What Are Donald Trump's favorite kind of nuts	Wall nuts.
What the the planet Jupiter say to Neptune	I can see Uranus from here.
What is a hipster russian roulette	You got six cookies and five of them is gluten free.
What does a British man do when he finds a prostitute and is in the mood	He pounds.
What happened to Ray when he met the  man-eating monster	He became an ex-Ray.
What's the opposite of Easter	Wester
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball	You can't fit a prostitute in a bowling ball.
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do	Go into town and gang-audit someone.
What do you call someone with no body and a nose	Nobody knows
What kind of disease do you get from birds	Chirpes. It's a canarial disease, and I hear it's untweetable.
What is zero in Roman numerals	Nothing
What do you call a donkey in space	A wild asstronaught.
What does Ebola and US police have in common	A high body count of black people
What did the mommy broom say to the baby broom	Time to go to sweep.
What happens when you goose a ghost	You get a hand full of sheet. (Joke from my mom)
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball	A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
What does a woman and KFC have in common	By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbonzo bean	I wouldn't let a Garbonzo bean all over my face.
What do you call a melon that's had a bit too much to drink	A Watermelon...
What do quantum physicists do when life gives them lemons	Everything
What is the capital of Greece	More than the capital of the UK.
What was the warlock's favorite cookbook	The Necronomnomnomicon.
What do you call it when someone accidentally gives you a handjob	A stroke of luck.
What do you call a man in the middle of the ocean with no arms or legs	Bob
What's the difference between dead animals on the road and dead lawyers on the road	Dead animals have skid marks AROUND them
What's better than roses on my piano	Tulips on my organ!
What do you call a run-down and Italian neighborhood	The Sphaghetto
What did the tin man say after he was ran over by a steamroller	Curses! Foil again!
What's a Chinese chicken's favorite vegetable	Buock choi
What do people call Miley Cyrus in Europe	Kilometery Cyrus
What do you call a make-believe country for wizards	A magi nation
What's the difference between a woman and a gun	Guns don't move out when you bring a new one home.
What did little John Cena say to his primary school teacher when she gave him his report card	You can't C me!
What did Earth say to the Sun	My life revolves around you!
What's the only buttons that work on a redditor's computer	Copy + paste...
What is it called when you pay a hooker	An Entrance Fee.
Q: What's the difference between Indiana and a blonde	A: A blonde has larger hills and deeper valleys.
What's the difference between you and me	You came OUT of your mom's vagina.
What is green, and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What do you call more than two English blokes masturbating	A Union Jack.
What's got two wings, a tail and twenty five pricks	England's return flight.
What did I do before Twitter	Well, there's my family and......OH MY GOD WHERE'S MY FAMILY?!?!
What's it called when a Roman sees too many flashing colors	A Julius Seizure.
What's the best part of being a lesbian in 1912	Both got seats on the titanic's lifeboats.
What to you call a fat computer	A dell
What do parliament and Ukrainian skies have in common	They're both raining bodies
What's the resemblance between a bungeejump and a african whorehouse	If the rubber blows, you're dead
what happens when you pop a cherry	she starts crying
What mental disorder did the serial killer who stabbed his victim 23 times have	OCD.
What's a snakes favourite flower	Coily-flowers !
What did the nun say to the priest	Shut up
What's the difference between Arabs and Americans	American kids come home from boyscouts
What do you call a sexually-confused Arctic Circle	Bi-polar
What did Hitmonlee say to Hitmonchan when he said he said his jokes sucked	I'm sorry , I'm not very good at executing punchlines.
Q: What does a proud computer call his  little son	A: A microchip off the old block.
What room does a ghost not need	A living room
What do you call using Tinder while you are in the bathroom	A swipe and wipe.
What are condoms	Something your worthless fuckup of a father couldn't afford.
What did the elephant say when he was pulled out of the quicksand by the balls	Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Ball!
What do a WW2 German Soldier and an Animal Doctor have in common	They're both Veteran-Arians (wah wah)
What do toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise have in common	They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
What fundamental force compels physicists to go to work on Mondays	The week force.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A stego-sore-ass
What do you call a man who gives a woman the illusion of entitlement	A Husband...
What's red and orange and looks good on hipsters	Fire.
What's E.T. short for	Cus he's got little legs
What does a mathematician do when he is constipated	He works it out with a pencil.
What's in an Irish 7 course meal	A 6 pack and a potato.
What did the porn star put at the end of their resume	Sexual references.
Whats prettier..... ....than watching Ivanka Trump lying on her bed on a Saturday morning	Ivanka Trump lying on MY bed on a Saturday morning.
What is smarter	What is smarter, longitude or latitude?...Longitude, because it has 360 degrees.
What do politicians and diapers have in common	Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reasons.
What do balloons and virgins have in common	One prick and its gone.
What did the Buffalo say to his son on the first day of school	Bison.
What do you call a rich frog	A golf blooded reptile !
What's the difference between Lamar Odom and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and reuse it.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	AYEE ya thought it be ARRR but it be the 'C'!
What did the poet with hemorrhoids say	I'm stuffin the puffin back into my muffin.
What do you call it when a lizard cums	Busting a newt
What's the difference between a religious revival and a bikers rally	At a religious revival, they say ""STAND UP FOR JESUS"" At a bikers rally, they say ""SIT DOWN FOR CHRIST'S SAKE
What goes Vrrrooom-schreech, Vrrrooom-schreech, Vrrrooom-schreech	A blonde at a flashing red light.
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	Run - she is still holding the grenade!
What they say: ""Hey, have you lost weight	What they mean: ""Hey, I remember you being a lot fatter. What gives?
What is a composer's favorite vegetable	Bach choy.
[racist] What form of humor is nonexistent in black culture	Dad jokes
What's the difference between three cocks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call it when Charlie Sheen's brother has sex with him	Emilio Incestevez
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner	Placement of the dirt bag.
What do vegetarian zombies eat	GRAAAIIIINS
Q: What's the definition of a teenager	A: God's punishment for enjoying sex.
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman	Rick O'Shea
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Ferrari	With a porcupine, the prick is on the outside.
What can you say about lots of protected sex	It is a common misconception
What do you call homosexual Israelites	Fruit Jews
What's the difference between my ex and the titanic	The titanic only went down on 1,000 people!
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A ripoff.
What did one hat say to the other	You stay here, I'll go on ahead....
What's the difference between an entomologist and an etymologist	An etymologist knows.
What do you called being pepper sprayed at UC Davis	Occupational hazard.
What do you give a sick pig	Oinkment!
What's it called when it's 9:20am and you can't wait for dinner	Oh, it's called fat. Nevermind.
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The Wheelchair
What's the worst part about working with a gamer	They're always trying to 1-Up you.
What do you call an apology written using dots and dashes	Re-morse code
Q: What do you get if you cross Tina Turner with an orang-utan	A: a f*ing ugly orang-utan
What do you call a fat joke on reddit	Banned
What did the creators of Good Burger call their vegan cooking show	Quinoa and Kale
What's the difference between me and an egg	Eggs get laid.
What do you call someone who always tells shitty jokes	Fecetious.
What does the funeral director say to the 11am service goers	Mournin'
What does Ryan Seacrest say while having sex	Seacrest out!"" ""Seacrest in!"" ""Seacrest out!"" ""Seacrest in!
What did the vegetable say to the dj	lettuce turnip the beet
What do you call a fellow who is over 21 and makes bad puns	A groan man.
What's orange and sounds like a Parrot	A Carrot
What's Santa's favorite snack	A crisp Pringle
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the Batmobile	Robin, get into the Batmobile...
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women	Snow balls!
What fungus always gets its ass beat	shittalking mushrooms
what do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off
What do you call a black woman whose had 7 abortions	A crime fighter.
What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes	12 pirates.
What do you call a big white bear with a hole in his middle	A polo bear !
What do exchange students and porn addicts have in common	They both study abroad.
What is Donald Trump most afraid of	That people will figure out he is a low energy, stupid, horse-fucking, cum-eating, rim-job giving fuckhead!!!
What's the strongest color	Super Cyan
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Gmmmppphh
What is a proctologist's drink of choice	Two fingers of whiskey.
What Type of Fruit Wants to Run Away and Get Married but Isn't Able to	Cantelope.
What's the only thing that could have saved George Michael	A whambulance
What's the difference between Indians and Pakistanis	When a Pakistani has a red dot on his forehead it means he has about two seconds to live.
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with garbage bags	A Pillow Fight
What do you call a dragon that eats 100 Viagra and washes it down with gasoline	Burnt dick
What do you call the person that cleans the Mafia's hotel rooms	A maid man.
whats the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	Your mum cant take a joke
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	Pilot.
What did the drunker muslim say to the drunk muslim	I'm Mohammad than you
What do you call a magic dog	A Labracadabrador!
What's at the centre of No Man's Sky universe	A refund. credit to /u/xROSSTHEHOSSx (saw it on another post as comment, thought it deserved own post)
What do a cannibal's dinner and a christmas treat have in common	They're both a pan o' Tony.
What's the hottest hotel in Vegas	The Cosmopolitan
What was the dentist's horrific gastronomical invention	Tartar sauce.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	It's easy to make the same joke about 9/11.
What do you call a baby panther	a Newton.
What's the difference between an ""Ooh"" and an ""Aah""	About 5 inches.
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his car	Carlos
What's Harry Potter's favorite way of getting down a hill	Walking JK, Rolling.
What did one nose say when the other nose said ""I love you""	Back achoo!
What do you call a Chinese fanatasy series	Lord Of The Chinks
What does a Spanish speaking ghost say when they like you	Mi Ghosta!!
What's the difference between America and yoghurt	If you leave yoghurt alone for long enough it develops its own culture
What do you call it when gay men break up	A banana split
What did the counselor say to the hologram	You're projecting."" (From Star Trek Voyager)
What do you call a cow with only three legs	A wonky.
What's the difference between an egg and a root	You can beat an egg, but you can't beet a root!
What was FDR's most famous maritime obscenity law	The Nude Eel.
What do you call a nose that can see into the future	Nostrildamus
What did the electrician say while swimming across a river	Oh my God, that's a lot of current!
What do you call a farmer who is really good at his job	A man who is outstanding in his field.
What has seven arms and can't spell	Def Leppard
What's the difference between a condom and a parachute	Well when condom fails a life comes, when parachute fails a life goes.
What type pf culture is most peaceful and never gets angry	Nomads!
What's the best way to dispose of a dead body	Was asking for a friend, but he was being a whiny shit about it, so now I'm asking for me.
What kind of dog suffers most from being inbred	A hot dog
What did the German air force eat for breakfast during WW2	Luftwaffles
What is it like, to be standing at the foot of an empty grave, not knowing who will one day be in it	Unbereavable.
What did the Canadian think of his hardwood flooring	It was Oak, Eh!
What's cooler than being cool	Financial Stability *shoutout to /r/personalfinance*
What did the neckbeard say when he looked in the mirror	M'self
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a buck ninety-nine, but deer nuts are always under a buck
Whats the difference between a Blonde and a Washing Machine	The Washing Machine will not follow you around for 2 weeks after you dump a load in it!
What do we want	*A cure for Tourette's!* When do we want it? *FUCK!*
What's a Tennessee tornado and a Texas divorce have in common	Someone's gonna lose a trailer.
What's black and always behind bars	Guinness (You bunch of racists)
What do you call a circumcision for a dollar	A rip off!
What do you call a happy dolphin	Endorphin
What is the difference between a thief and a church bell	One steals from the people the other peals from the steeple.
What is the date in Germany/Brasil today	7-1. (world cup)
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim denim denim....
What do gay men have in common with the people who persecute them	They're both fucking assholes
What do you get if you cross a Rhinoceros, an elephant and a helicopter	HellIfIknow
What did the bun say to the hot dog	I relish the fact that you've mustard the will to ketchup to me!
What do you call an elf singer	Elvish Presley
What you call a pre-op MtF transsexual who visits another city	A tourist trap.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig	The letter F.
What did the German Footballer name his pet	Schweinsteiger.
What's the difference between your mom and 3 dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What's a trees favorite drink	Root beer
What's red and white and screams when you shake it	A skinned baby in a bag of salt.
What's the difference between a drunk Morse code operator and a lesbian	One's a lit clicker and the other is a clit licker.
What does a cat say when you tread on its tail	ME-OW! I am very sorry. Just thought of it and felt like everyone should hear it. Maybe some jokes are better left untold...
What do you call a nun on a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile &amp;nbsp; ^^^^^^^^^^^[inb4^^repost](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/search?q=nun+on+a+wheelchair&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
What Do You Call it When Printers Have a Party	A paper jam
What do you call Jewish coffee	Hebrew
What is the most common educational degree in New Mexico	Kindergarten dropout.
What did the German brat say to his father	You're the wurst!
What is everyone writing songs about	John: revolution Paul: forgiveness George: true love Ringo: hmm, a submarine or maybe an octopus
What do you call a water gun that gets people really excited	A super stoaker
What do you call a lesbian who also doesn't eat meat	A vagetarian.
What's the difference between a goat and a kid	My neighbour isn't unknowingly raising two of my goats.
What's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console	Wednesday
What's the best thing about AIDS	You're always positive
What do Santa's little helpers learn in school	The Elfabet!
What has no legs but stands firm	? My dick
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a solar powered calculator	A: The blonde works in the dark!
What's the difference between a vegan, a crossfit instructor, and a psychological test subject	The test subject is the only one you'd willingly ask to ""tell us about yourself.
What's Paul Walker's favorite energy drink	?? N.O.S. too bad he can't handle the crash...
What is the difference between a used tire and a year supply of used condoms	The first one is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
What does a woman's asshole do when she has an orgasm	Usually I'm working.
What is the highest form of flattery	A plateau
What do you call a deer without an eye	No idear.
What happens when you have sex with a cow and no one catches you	So far, nothing.
What do you call an Asian driveby	Cap-a-chino
What does an old woman have between her breasts that a young woman doesn't	A bellybutton!
What if Superman landed in Mexico instead of Kansas	He'd be an illegal alien.
What STD did Forrest Gump catch	NSFW Jennytal Warts
What do you call a friendship between punctuation	Commaraderie
Whats the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil	No one ever paid $50 to have a Lentil on their face.
What Is A Mexican's Favorite Bookstore	Borders.
What did Snow White say to Pinocchio after she sat on his face	Lie to me, bitch!
What did the Amish IT guy say about the computer	It was a bit buggy.
What do you call a cow that's swallowed a stick of dynamite	Abominable.
What do you get when you cross 2 ducks and a match	Fire Quackers
What's the point of having nice tits if you're going to cover them up	Stop being so fucking greedy and unbutton your shirt like I do.
What does a former terrorist playboy say to the officer interrogating him	Look, officer, I may be wearing a turban, and I may have a gun on me, but I ain't Bin Laiden years!
What do you call a bug that vanishes	A non antity.
What's it called when you fry up an egg with a bunch of different ingredients	Omelette you figure it out
What is the extreme of oral sex	Licking an ostomy bag.
What does Hilter get when he's scared	The hebrewgeebies
What would Hitler say to his son	Look, I am your Fuhrer
What's the difference between an Anorexic girl and an escalator	The anorexic would not eat Chinese.
What do you call an Arnold Palmer with vodka	A John Daly
What was Hitler's favorite color to use when painting	Aryan white.
What do you call it when a helicopter pilot reflects on his life	HINDsight
What do you call a plant that doesn't move	A tree.
What did hitler say when he smashed his thumb with a hammer	Au, schwitz!
What can both Christians and Atheists agree on about Jesus	Kanye's not him.
What do you call it when a group of ghosts rob a bank	A polterheist.
What's so unfunny that it's funny	An anti-joke.
What's white, located in washington and has a president within it	Monica Lewinsky's teeth.
What does Jeremy Clarkson have in common with Amy Winehouse	He can't do 'top gear' anymore!
What do comedians put outside their house on Halloween	'Pun-kins'
What do you call someone who photographs fish	A school shooter
What is an alcoholic's favorite part of the chicken	The Cock Tail
What looks just like half a loaf of bread	Its other half.
What's the difference between a pizza and a baby	I don't fuck my pizza before I toss it in the oven for dinner.
what do you call a prosecutor on a rape case	a cosby sweater.
What's Superman's greatest weakness	Horses
What do eggs do for fun	They crack jokes.
What were the last words of the Mayor of Hiroshima	What the fuck was tha . . .
What do you call a abortion in Czechoslovakia	A cancelled check.
What's more fun than swinging an infant over your head with a rope as fast as you can	Stopping it with a shovel
What do you get if you cut an avocado into 6.02 * 10^23 pieces	Guacamole.
What do you have when you just used the toilet and realized there's no toilet paper	A real mess on your hands.
What did the bartender day to the man who was drinking his vodka to fast	Stop ""Russian
What do you call it when one bull spies on another bull	A steak-out!
What did God say after she made Eve	Practice makes perfect.
What is Hitler's favorite letter in the alphabet	I don't know, but it's definitely not z's!!!
What does a crappy Carpenter make	Loose stools
What was the Mathematician's Favorite Johnny Depp Movie	's of the Carribean.
What do you call a New Zealander with a sheep under each arm	A pimp.
What are hurricanes with a central dense overcast over the eye called	-Hurricanes with cataracts
What's the most polite meal	Peas and franks.
What did the ghost say to the bumblebee	BOO BEE!! &lt;insert titty-twister here&gt;
What fuels electronics but drains a relationship	Battery
What do you call a law enforcement agency that refuses to buy it's own vehicles	The Pro-lease department
What happens when you pour acid on a basic bitch	She becomes salty.
What do Micheal Jackson and caviar have in common	They both come on little crackers!
What did the glue taste tester say	Mmmmm.
What do gay horses eat	HAY HAY HAY!
What's the difference between child prostitution &amp; whisky	Aged whisky costs more.
What were Chuck Noris's last words	BRB
What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink	WA-TAAAAH!
What do you call a pony with a sore throat	A hoarse horse!
What do you call an exaggeration of mens genitalia	A phallus-y!
What does a subatomic duck say	Quark.
What do you call a dangerous fish who drinks too much	A beer-a-cuda !
What Is The Best Sub Reddit To See Once Watching ""Gods Of Egypt	/r/EyeBleach.
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch	I ate so many chickpeas, now I falafel.
What does a baby sound like when you put it in the microwave	Idk, I was too busy jacking off...
What does a witch use to see if her spells are going to work	Spell check!
What kind of tiles can't you stick on  walls	Reptiles !
What do nuclear physicists do when they have time off	They go fission.
What do you call a guy that's lost his car	Carlos
What is the difference between a woman and a washing machine	You don't have to hug a washing machine half an hour after it finishes
What was so good about he neurotic doll the girl was given for Christmas	It was wound up already.
Q: What do you call a cat who's joined the Red Cross	- A: A first-aid kit!
What is Forrest Gump's password	1forrest1
What is it called when a lumberjack masturbates	Logging off.
What fabric is worn in Soviet Russia	Linen
What was Spiderman's major in college	Web Design
What's a fireman's favourite drink	Water.
What weighs 35 tons has four fuzzy ears and is 80 million years old	Two rabbits riding a brontosaurus.
What's the difference between water falling from the sky and hamburgers falling from the sky	One of them is a meatier shower.
What happens to Captain America when he dies	He goes to the Evans
Whats a yoga instructors favourite kind of coffee	Pilatte
What should you care	My grandfather always said, ""Don't watch your money, watch your health."" So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather.
What's big, gray, and doesn't matter	An irrelephant.
what did the traffic light say to the other traffic light	Don't look i'm changing
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women
what do you get if you mix a dachsund with a cocker spaniel/ poodle mix	A cockadockapoo.
What is Hillary Clintons least favourite instrumeny	The trump-et.
What is the difference between a Ferrari and a boner	I don't have a Ferrari.
What's the difference between a religion and a cult	The number of followers
What's the difference between an oyster shucker with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.
What do you call a happy cow	Laughing stock. What do you call a grumpy cow? A Feminist
What is the only thing that will be ""Feeling the Bern""	Working people's wallets.
What's the opposite of Tim Walken	Tim Daly.
What tool turns a 20mm hole into a 100mm hole	A pedophile.
What is white and disturbs your breakfast	An avalanche
What has 5 eyes	invisibility
What's the technical term for a female-to-male sex change operation	A strapadictomy.
What do Latin American people call an American sex tourist who comes to fuck cheap gay prostitutes their country	A maricon
What do you call a robotic prostitution ring	Nuts and bolts.
What do you call a row of 10 blondes standing ear to ear	A wind tunnel.
What's the worst thing about banging a girl with a cold heart	The rest of her is cold too.
What's Batman's favorite fruit	Bananananananananana
What does the train say as its heading toward Auschwitz	Jew-Jew!
What do you call a Muslim who is notoriously late for everything	9/12
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life	Third Grade!
What do you get if you cross an alligator with Sherlock Holmes	An Investigator.
What did one earthquake say to the other	It's not my fault.
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream	I'm sweet on you!
Q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	A: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	I left the tip on the night stand.
What's the difference between a black man and a pile of dog shit	The shit will eventually turn white and go away
What do you call a clever repost	A riposte.
What did the cow say when she saw the Dalmatian	Dam... I got to get in shape!
What shatters faster than your smartphone screen	A newborn with osteoporosis.
What's Jian Ghomeshi's favorite vegetable	Artichoke.
What's the difference between a heroine and heroin	One's an object that's easily abused, the other's a drug.
What do you get if a convict goes camping	Criminal Intent.
What do you call a joke with no punchline	Ba-dum-tss
What do you call an IS-leader on a motorcycle	Abu Bikr
What's a drug lord woman called	A drug lady? A heroin heroine?!
What did the call of duty player say to his girlfriend about gaining weight	EX SO FAT
what do you call a mexican without a car	carlos
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'	Dr. Dre
What are the three worst words to hear while having sex	Honey, I'm home!
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare	NSFW a sunken chest with no booty!
What's the best truck in Norway	The Fjord F150.
What is it that separates humans from animals	The Mediterranean Sea
What do you get if you don't pay your exorcist	Repossessed. (Credit to my great-grandmother.)
What's the difference between pink and purple	Your grip..
What is the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on my face.
What would happen if pigs went on strike	They'd form pigget lines.
What did the bread do after it had been oppressed for many years	Rye-ot
what happened to the cow when it jumped over the barbed wire fence	Udder destruction!
What does Bob the spider do for a living	He's a web developer.
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice belt!
What do you call a slippery book	Non-Friction
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice belt.
What's it called when Batman doesn't go to church	Christian BALE!
What did the banana say to the vibrator	What are you shaking for? She's going to eat me!
What do you call someone who gets high fast	A speed weeder.
What do you get when you cross an Elephant and a Rhino	'Elephino!
What do you call a hip French black guy	Latrill
What's the difference between a frog	One leg's both the same.
What do you call a group of students	A school.
What did one gay man say to the other gay man in the gay bar	Stand up and I'll push your stool in. Yeah it's gross.
What did one white cop say to another white cop	Another black man bites the dust.
What's the difference between a communist and a feminist	The communist wants equality
What do you call a fruit that procrastinates	...A Cramberry!
What do you call a gay cowboy	A jolly rancher.
What's the difference between an original joke and a repost	I don't know, I just click ""submit
What's the worst part of running into your ex	You have to get out and check to see how bad your car is damaged.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around	Holmeless
What do we want	CLICKBAIT! When do we want it? The answer will shock you... ***** Edit: There was this one weird typo that doctors don't want you to know about.
What do you call a black man that flies a plane	A pilot you fucking racist.
What do you call bagels that can fly	Plane"" Bagels!... I'll show myself out...
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they were married	Fiancee
What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung	The guardians of the galaxy!
What did the ocean say to the river	You can run but you can't tide.
What does a German say when you finally explain a funny meme to him	Danke
What's a ego maniac's favorite candy	Air heads
What does Mrs Dracula say to Mr Dracula when  he leaves for work in the evening	Have a nice bite!
What do you get when you cross a slaughterhouse worker and a bad comedian	A bunch of butchered jokes
What genius named it a ""news feed"" on Facebook and not ""bullshit""	!
What does a frog do when it barbecues	Rib it...duh!
What's the difference between a cow, and 9/11	You can't milk a cow for 14 years.
What did the lawyer name his daughter	Sue
What were the Mexican crisps doing in the locked conference room	It's nacho business!
What's Batman's least favourite album	A Night at the Opera.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish Highlander	Mick Jagger sings, ""Hey you, get off of my cloud . . "", while the Scottish Highlander yells, ""Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!
What phrase would a neckbeard who watches South Park use the most	M'Kay
What position does the pig play in football	Loinback.
What language do birds speak	Pigeon English !
What's the difference between men and women when watching video	The phrase ""I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film."" usually has a completely different meaning.
What's the most popular website in Illinois	Cornhub.com
What has five arms, three legs and a head	The finish line at the Boston Marathon
What do you call a bird that speaks Spanish	A Si-gull
What's the difference between hard and light	I can go to sleep with a light on.
What did the guy from Northern Canada have to say about the place	He wanted Nunavut.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber	Nothing. You can't cross a vector and a scalar
What's the difference between a public park and a public toilet	I need to know before my court date on Monday.
What do hard-working grocery store clerks get every year	A celery increase.
What is worse, ignorance or indifference	I don't know and I don't care
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr have in common	Each of their last big hits was the wall.
What do you get when you mix /r/pokemon and /r/gonewild	PP up
What do you call a Black man that walks by a Cop	A Pencil cause he's full of lead!
What keeps the KKK happy	A Klan-do attitude... I'll walk myself out.
What do you call a masterbating cow	Beef stroganoff
What steps do you take if you encounter a bear in the wild	Fucking big ones!
What do you call a group of squid	A squad
What do you say to a black guy after washing his dog	Yo dawg I washed yo dog.
What do you call a joke that makes fun of a woman, who has not consented to be made fun of	...misogynistic.
What's the difference between a straight man's moustache and a gay man's moustache	The smell.
what do you call a spicy wrap made at an Indian takeaway	currito
What's brown and sounds like a bell	DUNG!
What disease do terrible parkers have	parkin'sins
What is the definition of trust	Two cannibals going down on one another
What was Princess Diana's favorite thing about the Xbox 360	The dashboard.
What is green and smells like red paint	Green paint. Haha
What did Ray Rice say the first time he met his girlfriend	Dayuum. I'd hit that.
What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded	Reptile disfunction. .
What do horses eat on the internet	Hayy lmao
What does spinach and buttsex have in common	No matter how it's done, kids don't like it
What do you call a girl without boobs	**Justin Bieber**
What was the bear protesting	his right to human arms
What's worse than finding a worm in your Apple	Finding half a worm in your Apple.
What was the rock band doing at the kitchen sink	Moshing the dishes
What is the only correct answer to the question 'Are you ticklish	' I have explosive diarrhea.
What do you call an angry psychologist	A thera-pissed.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman	Snowballs
What was the last thing that went through Osama Bin Ladens head before he died	I hope they're all female...
What is a Jewish delima	A free ham.
What do you call it when a Catholic remodels his kitchen	A counter reformation.
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish sheep farmer	One says, 'Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!' The other says 'Hey! MacLeod! Get off of my ewe.'
Whats the closest a Mexican will ever be to happiness	The border.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	Addictionary
What do you call a Mexican on a bridge	Spic and span
What do you call 88 rednecks in an orgy	A family reunion.
What is the difference between a crazy bunny and a counterfeit banknote	One is bad money and the other is a mad bunny!
What do you say to a bodybuilder to get him to repeat you	No Whey
What did JFK say about his multiple affairs	I did them not because they were easy, but because I was hard.
What kind of shoe does Mr. T wear	T-shoes!
What do you call a Mexican little person	A paragraph because he isn't a full ese (essay)...
What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex	...funf.
What do you call an Italian with no arms	Deaf
What's a dragracers favourite meal	Brake-fast
What do they call a bunch of Mississippi football players standing in a circle holding hands	A dope ring.
What do you say when a virgin sneezes	Goesintight.
What do you call a two dentists that live on opposite sides of the world	Molar opposites.
What is worse than a worm in your apple	The Holocaust
What's the difference between a headmaster and  a poisonous snake	You can make a pet out of a snake !
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing...They're both stuck up cunts.
What do you call a woman that doesn't make me a sandwich	An ambulance.
What's the difference between a good joke and click bait	This isn't a good joke.
What's the safest place in Dallas during a tornado	The Cowboys stadium, the only place there'll never be a touchdown
What's cold and always runs from a fight	Coward ice.
What do I say when my favorite spice knocks on the door	Cumin!
What do you call having sex in a canoe	Bud Light, because it's fucking close to water.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's gonna take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by a chicken
What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck	After five years your Wife will still blow your paycheck
What is Pat Sajak's favorite Christmas carol	No L
What is the worst thing to come across whilst surfing the web	Your keyboard!! (credits to NCS)
What is the appropriate response to a great performance at the Special Olympics	A handiclap
What's the best thing about fucking twenty eight year olds	There's twenty of 'em!
What's black, white, and red all over	A penguin in a blender
What do you call a fake noodle	An impasta!
What do you call a robot dressed in drag	A transition metal.
What do you call a fake noodle	An impasta.
What do you call two black guys on a bike	Organized crime
What do you call sleep walking nun	Roaming Catholic
What do you call a Canadian singer eating French mustard on the roof	Ceiling Dijon.
What's the hardest thing on a cowboy	The 4th grade.
What's long, dark, hard and grotesque but very satisfying to beat	Bloodborne
What do you call a human organ cut in half	A human piano.
what do hookers and guns have in common	the customer wants the most bang for their buck.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter. He won't come anyway.
What do you call an Irish gangster that all living systems strive for	(X /r/ScienceJokes) Homie O'Stasis.
What do we say to Boris Johnson and Donald Trump running the world	Hair Hair!
What do we want	Procrastination! When do we want it? We will get around to it sooner or later.
What did the BMW say to the Audi on the side of the road	Rust-in-peace.
What did the customer say to the overworked seamstress	Wow, you seamstressed out. (I'm so sorry)
What is a pirate's favorite pokemon	Arrrriados
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Jews	Santa Claus goes down the chimney.
What did Jeffery Dahmer yell when he jumped in the pool	CANNIBAL!!!
What does a gun, a fire extinguisher, and a condom have in common	Its better to have it and not need it, then to need it and not have it
Whats the difference between the FAA and a jet engine	The engine stops whining after the plane lands.
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty
What's the most dishonest place on earth	The Library
What do you call it when two guys open a weed dispensary	A joint venture.
What happened when the Eskimo teens went clubbing	They got new fur coats.
What do you call an easy-going rabbit	Hoppy-go-lucky.
What's the difference between a Groupie and a Stalker	A penis.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a trash bag full of dead babies	I don't have a Porsche in my garage.
What's Obama's favorite vegetable	Barackoli
What did one angel say to the other	Halo.
What do you call a Canadian that's been run through a blender	Pure-eh
What did the big hairy monster do when he  lost a hand	He went to the second-hand shop.
What do you get when you have Windows and Mac OS X dual booting from the same computer	A co-operating system.
What's a mouse's best friend	Curiosity!
What was Rihanna's nickname for Chris brown	Beats me.
What did the donut say to the cop	Don't taste me, bro !
What do you call a crocodile who always lies	A croc o' shit.
What's the difference between light beer and having sex in a boat	Nothing. They're both fucking near water.
What do you call a math teacher in an anime	Sin Pi
What do you call a blind deer	No eye-deer. What do you call a blind, dickless deer? No fucking eye-deer. What do you call a blind, dickless, quadruple amputee deer? Still no fucking eye-dear.
What do you call a red neck invasion	An incestation
What do they call the Hunger Games in France	Battle Royale with Cheese.
What do you call a bra that tightens the more you try to take it off	A booby trap!
What's the roughest part about being a 7-year-old in Liberia	The mid-life crisis.
What's Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album	The Wall. Huehuehue
What's black, white, and red all over	Two nuns in a chainsaw battle.
What did the Abominable Snowman do after he had had his teeth pulled out	He ate the dentist.
What did the father Buffalo say to his son as he left for school	Bison
What is 7'' long, rock hard, and makes girls scream at it's sight	The sock under my bed.
What is the similarity between a bicycle and a black man	The rightful owner of both is white
What do you call the history of a car	An autobiography.
What is the meaning of life	A movie. Told to me by Siri. Pissed myself.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, cause they're to short to be an essay!!!
What did the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac do	Lay awake in bed wondering if there really is a dog.
What do you call a Spanish man with a rubber toe	Robeerto.
What are golfers afraid of	The bogey monster
What's the opposite of a hipster	A napster
What are Asian Tennis Players most well known for	The Back Hand
What did the Mexican name his two dicks	Jose and Hose B
What's the difference between redditors and eggs	Eggs get laid.
What is the best cure for a headache	DECAPITATION!!!
What do you call a chinese millionaire	Cha-Ching!
What was the name of the time traveler with good timing	Justin Time.
What's the difference between a PhD in math and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family of four
What is an emo's favorite note	G ...get it? EDIT:im not saying the reference
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my cock in someones ass.
What's worse than finding a baby in a trashcan	Finding a baby in two trashcans.
What gave the blonde a stomach ache	Nivea milk.
Q: What is the definition of a major seventh	A: A violist playing octaves.
What do you call two nuns playing a bongo	A conundrum.
What do lonely terrorists have sex with	Blow-up dolls.
What was Robert E. Lee voted in his High School Yearbook	Most likely to Secede
What do you call batman when he misses church	Christian Bail
What operating system does Varys have on his computer	Unix
What did the letter O say to Q	Dude, your dick is hanging out.
What's the difference between ISIS and a prostitute	Not much, give or take a few heads.
What's the name of a Korean cook book	150 ways to wok your dog
What do you call an Chinese family with a pet dog	Vegetarians. Source: I'm Chinese.
What do you call an alligator in a vest	an investigator. :D
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a virgin	A vegetarian doesn't like meat and a virgin doesn't know yet if she likes meat or not.
What do you get when you suck all of the Botox out of Madonna	Betty White.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a thief	Nothing.
What is the difference between a golfer and skydiver	A golfer goes *whack* ""damn"" and a skydiver goes ""damn"" *whack*.
What's the difference between a formally-dressed man riding a unicycle and a casually-dressed man riding a bicycle	Attire.
What do you call 5 black people having sex	A threesome.
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and Pinocchio	Some day, Pinocchio's going to be a real boy.
What do you call a lamington that weighs a lot	A lamingTON!
What do you call Christopher Reeve before the accident	Christopher Walken.
What do you call a Kansas cover band composed of physicists	Baryon my wayward son!
What swims slightly faster than a shark	The Little Mermaid on her period.
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty.
What's the difference between karate and judo	Karate is a method of self defense and judo is what bagels are made of.
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty!
What do you call an American with a lavatory on his head	John.
What's an emo's favorite game	Russian roulette, except with a full chamber.
What do you call an Asian penguin	A penguyen
What does a girls asshole and a 9v battery have in common	You know it's wrong but eventually you stick your tongue to it.
What award did the kid in a coma for six weeks win	Atrophy.
What do Muslims and the BBC have in common	They both cover up for pedophiles.
What's big grey and flies straight up	An elecopter !
What do Psychologists say to each  other when they meet	You're fine how am I?
What sounds like a frog but keeps me up all night	reddit
What do you call a Russian with Tourettes Syndrome	Yukanol Fukov
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic	Halfway
what do you call a group of naked old men doing yoga	Lululemonparty
What did the alien say to Franz Schubert	Take me to your lieder!
What did the corn stalk say to the other corn stalk	That outfit makes you look very corny.
What do Paul Walker and Pink Flyod have in common	Their last hit was the wall
What did Jose name his son	Hose B
What do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed	Furlong
What do you call a white man surrounded by many black men	A warden
What planet is so big the entire universe can fit in	Ur Anus.
What's the difference between French women and an NHL hocky team	The hockey team showers after 3 periods.
What do you call a group of black people	Antique farm equipment.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I wouldn't pay 100 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a burning rocket	Korean Barbecue.
What do you call a flying bagel	A plane bagel.
What did Judas say after capturing Jesus	Nailed it.
Q: What did the fisherman say to the card magician	A: Pick a cod, any cod!
What does a Scottish cat say	Mee yew!
What do classical musicians write before going shopping	A Chopin Lizst (shopping list)
What do you call a cow that plays the guitar	A Moosician!
What is the difference between Saint Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day	On Saint Patrick's Day everybody wants to be Irish.
What is it called when a politician craps his pants in a Honda	Civic doody.
What is it called when foreign girls spread their legs	I call it the British open.
What does a frying pan and anal sex have in common	They both brown your meat.
What's the difference between snow men and snow women	Snow balls.
What do you do if you break your arm in two places	Don't go back to those two places.
Q: What did the judge say about the man shot twelve times by the police	A: The most horrific suicide scenario I have ever heard of.
What CS:GO hack do tumblr girls use	Trigger bot.
What do you call fireworks that don't work	Fireunemployed.
What's faster, the speed of thought or the speed of light	Neither, it's diarrhea. Before you could think about it or even turn the lights on, you've already shat yourself.
What's a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross Country.
What do women and dog-poop have in common	The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
What do you get when you cross pasta with a snake	Spaghetti that winds itself around your fork.
What did they call Hitler after he lost his hair	The Bald Eagle..... I'm here all day folks
Whats the difference between a Cat and a Compound Sentence	One has claws at the end of its paws, one has a pause at the end of its clause.
What's the best thing about an 8 year old in the shower	..... You can slick her hair back and make her look 6.
What is a Brazilians favorite Pokemon	Zikachu.
What sound does a gun made from church seating make	Pew Pew.. Sorry. Just became a father 2 years ago. I have some catching up to do.
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Roll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear!
What is Moses's favorite beer	Busch Light.
What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected	Americans.
What do they say about the noise at the  Burger Land Super Bowl	It's PAN-demonium!
What do you call Hitler with a fin	Adolf-fin
Q: What is the missing link between the bass and the ape	A: The baritone.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass.
What do you call the blood that comes out when teenagers cut themselves	Emoglobin.
What is Shia Labeouf's favourite genre of music	Jazz Duets.
What do you call a veterinarian who's real good at poker	(first post) Ace of spays
What does one chauvinist say to the other	There's a thousand things I'd like to do in my life, and those are just the pretty ones!
What's the difference between a white orgy and a black orgy	Five black people having sex is only considered a threesome.
What did the rabbit say to the deer	What up doe
What's Glenn's favorite fast food	Popeyes!
Q: What word begins with the letter ""F"" and ends in ""UCK""	A: FIRETRUCK.
Whats the funniest type of bird	Crows! they're the undisputed kings of CAW-Medy
what will i do when i have an out-of-body experience	i'll see myself out....
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better perk up or people may think were nuts.
What is the worst about having alzheimer's and dierrhea	You're running but don't know where to.
What do you call a lizard that can't get a boner	A reptile dysfunction
What do you call a black man in space	Ummm......an astronaut.
What's the most confusing day in a Mormon home	Mother's Day.
What do you call a content vowel	A Cheerio.
What's a toads favorite drink	Croaka-cola
What is a mother's favorite Christmas Carol	Silent Night.
Whats black and screams	Stevie wonder answering the iron!
What are ducks' favorite drug	Quack.
What do you call a white girl with an ass	A honkey with a donk-ey
What's more dangerous than a serial killer	A parallel killer.
What do you call Gumby's sidekick in Jamaica	Pokemon
What has four legs and a cunt halfway up its back	A police horse
What does a good joke and a man who's dropped his last Viagra down the drain have in common	A missed erection.
What does a duck always have behind him	His buttquack
What do you call the ticket to get into a giant space station shaped like a vagina	A cunt-astro-fee!
Q: What do you get when you cross a caterpillar and a parrot	A: A walkie-talkie.
What do you call a dog with two vaginas	Snatches
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed clown on a tricycle	Attire
What's green and has four wheels	A turtle. I was lying about the wheels
What's a Republican's favorite number	NEIN!
What's the problem with auto-erotic asphyxia	You don't know if you're coming or going
What's the difference between a strawberry and a pencil	One's a fruit, you idiot.
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite arcade game	PAC-Man.
What was Mark Hamill's reaction when he finished reading The Force Awakens script	Speechless
What do you call a mentally disabled firefighter	Flame retardant
What is long, white, and very sticky	The coming of the Lord!
What does Hodor start off his day with	Raisin' Bran.
What do old cars and dead chickens have in common	You'll usually get more money for them if you sell them for parts
What cheese is the most religious	Swiss cheese! (it's the most hole-y)
What's Gordon Ramsey's favourite movie	It's Fucking Frozen!
What do boats and fourier transforms have in common	Both sinc when rect.
What do you call a guard with a hundred legs	A sentrypede.
What do you call a dark or melancholy verse of text	Poe-etry
What do you call a conversation about weed	A diskushion.
What's the worlds most forceful fig	The Fig Newton.
What do you call a homeless pigeon	A pigeon.
What is the national sport of North Korea	Ping-Pyong-yang
What does a hoverboard and a fat girl have in common	Reddit gets mad when you call them that
What did the man at the gay bar say as another gentleman was leaving	Please allow me to push in your stool.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler	A mustache
What's Beethoven doing in his grave	He's decomposing.
What do you call a dog that goes through your stuff	Snoop dog.
What do you call a smart Australian	A New Zealander
What would Marilyn Monroe being doing if she were alive today	Clawing at the lid of her coffin.
Q: What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him	A: Nothing. He just let out a little wine.
What does a successful rapping cow struggle with	Moo money moo problems
What do you call a blind dinosaur	A Doyouthinkhesawus
What is a Juanito	A little Juan
What do vegan zombies eat	GRAAAIIINSSS!
What's brown and runs around your garden	Your fence.
What did Medusa call the sheep she turned to stone	Baaaaasalt
What's big, white, and can't climb a tree	A refrigerator.
What did one wall say to the other wall	I`ll meet you at the corner.
What kind of tea did the American colonists want	Liberty
What's Mary short for	She's got little legs, I guess.
What's 14 inches long and makes women scream at night	Crib death.
What two things do black people and flappy birds have in common	They both have massive lips and you can't buy them anymore!
What's the difference between finding $50 and anal sex	One will make your day, the other will make your hole weak.
What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over	Donuts
What happened when Turkey was accused of being Chicken	It staged a coup
What do you call a fake noodle	An Impasta.
What do you call someone without a Liver	Deader.
Q: What did the carpenters call their brass quartet	A: The Tuba Four
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What has 10 letters and starts with Gas	Automobile
What do you call a fat chemistry professor	A significant figure.
What do people drink at Club Obi-Wan	Qui-Gon Gin.
What is the difference between the substance inside a fire hydrant and the substance on the outside of it	H20 is on the inside, and K9P is on the outside.
What kind of present did the armless boy get for Christmas	Gloves. Jk he hasn't opened it yet!!
What do you call a mad lunch	Hater-tots
What do you call a pig who's been arrested for dangerous driving	A road hog !
What do you need to perform a fair test in a mental asylum	A control freak.
What was early man's best friend	Primates
What kind of a fish do you always find on a beach	A dead one...
What type of car would the Hamburglar drive	A Hamburghini.
What do you call it when the girl you like likes you back	Imagination
What do you call	What do you call nuts on a wall? Walnuts What do you call nuts on a chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on a chin? A dick in the mouth
Whats the difference between a zombie and baby	A zombie may eat your brains, but a baby kills your dreams.
What did John Lennon say when he got egg shells in his cake	Yolko Oh-no
What is a homeless man's favorite type of music	House music
What is The Rock going to name his Daughter	Pebbles!
What do you say to a person who calls a black fence a gate	No, a fence.
What did the great Ape say as he plummeted from the skyscraper	Listen baby I think I'm falling for you!
What does a chef call an undercover cop	Pig in a blanket.
What's red and is bad for your teeth	A Brick.
What is a big dinner for a cannibal	A three-corpse meal.
What's a crackhead with no drugs	Crack-a-lacking
What's the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon	Well the first noticeable difference is that the watermelon tastes better.
What do bulls do for fun	Play with others.
What's E.T. short for	... Cuz he's got little legs
What are the best kinds of speedbumps	Orphan shaped ones.
What happens to a jew when he runs into a wall with an erection	He breaks his nose
What's the difference between 9/11 and a computer	I give a shit when my computer crashes
What's a nerdy way of saying a bad word	A canine with two X chromosomes.
What do you call a barking dog riding the subway	a sub-woofer!!!
What's the best name for a male dildo-maker	[NSFW] Dick Smith.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang Rape.
What's the difference between batman and a black man	Batman can go into a store without robin.
What do you call a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, Chris Brown doesn't want you getting involved in his personal life
What has 5 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet	The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
What do you call a Jewish minister that barbecues	A Ribeye.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear and a seal	A polar bear
What's the difference between a lobster and an oriental woman run over by a steamroller	One's a crustacean and the other a crushed Asian.
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws	Outlaws are wanted
What kind of tree grows in your hand	A palm tree.
What is a banged-up used car	A car in first-crash condition.
What did the yoga teacher say when someone asked if she wanted to leave the party early	Namaste
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A RIP OFF!!!
What do a penis and a Rubik's Cubes have in common	The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
What did the detective particle say to the suspect particle	I got my ion you.
What kinda vegetables like to party	Lettuce turnip da beet!
What did the burger do when he ate his enemy the hotdog	he relished it
What do you call a homeless guy who broke up with his girlfriend a while ago	A man who hasn't eaten in days.
What type of dog suffers from being inbred	A hotdog
What's black, white and red all over	South Africa
What did the vet say about the maimed donkey	Wow, that ass sure took a pounding
What do we want	HEARING AIDS! When do we want them? WHAT?!
What Is the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic bag	One is white, made of plastic, and very dangerous if left around small children. The other is a plastic bag.
What do you call a dog in a submarine	A subwoofer
What is an Irish 7 course meal	A six pack and a potato
What do you call it when the Russian president sits on a box of crackers	Putin on the Ritz~
What words men never want to hear during sex	Hi honey, I'm home.
What is the difference between a dollar and a ruble	A dollar.
What do you call an elephant creeping through the jungle in the middle of the night	Russell !
What did dracula say to his girlfriend when she asked about sex	I only do oral once a month
What's the chilliest ground in the premiership	Cold Trafford !
What did the mother tomato tell the baby tomato when the baby tomato was walking too slow	Honey, walk faster, KETCHUP!
What do Jewish pedophiles say	Hey kid, want to buy some candy?
What was the only thing missing from phil hughes' last innings	??? -a duck
What were the 2 doctors who worked with Schrodinger called	A *paradox.*
What do you call a loud group of Cowboys	A Reckon-ing.
What would martin Luther king be if he was white	Alive.
What did earth say to the other planet	You guys have no life!
What's the worst thing about challenging an unjust law	Failing to get away.
What do geological plates and dinner plates have in common	They're both pieces of china.
What do you call a middle eastern man with a bounty on his head	A towel head.
Q: What are the small bumps around a woman s nipples for	A: It's Braille for 'Suck here.'
What kind of monster can sit on the end of your finger	The bogeyman.
whats a Mexicans favorite video game	Borderlands
What do you call Nazis from San Francisco	Bay Aryans
What do you call a group of militant feminists	A Militia Etheridge
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never paid to see a lentil.
What do you call a government consisted of burglars	A thiefdom.
What do you call a dizzy asian	Disorientaled.
What does an apple and an apple tree have in common	They both don't drive tractors.
What do you call a Mexican that loses a car	Carlos.
What's something that the inventor doesn't want, the buyer doesn't use, and the user doesn't know about it	A casket
Q: What do you call a slow hurricane	A: A slowicane.
What do you call a longshoreman who only unloads sugar substitutes	A steviadore.
What did the squash say to the cucumber when he saw the pumpkin patch get blown up	Oh My Gourd!
What do you call a sleep walking nun	A roamin' Catholic.
What's the difference between Rihanna and Britney Spears	... Britney asked to be hit one more time..
What do plantains say when they lose their phone	Where did Mofongo?
What do you call an angry terrorist	Amin Amood
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch	Seizure salad
What do you call it when three french cats get into a boat only meant for two	Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq!
What goes ""Hahahahaha...*thud*""	Someone laughing their head off
What do cannibals call family members they love	Bae-Kin
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Quatro Cinco
What do you call weaponized sushi	A combat roll
What do Japan and Shaq have in common	Kobe Beef
What man knows the way to a girl's heart more than any other	A surgeon.
What do a democratic Asian and a gay guy have in common	They both love an erection
What's long and hard on a black man	The third grade.
What do you get if you put 20 blondes in a row standing ear to ear	A wind tunnel.
What does Moses do when he wants a beer	He brews!
What do you call the mercury mine	Hg wells
What fish make the best sandwich	A peanut butter and jellyfish
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What did the polite gay man say to the other man when he left the bar	Please allow me to push in your stool sir.
What's the difference between an erection and a Camaro	I don't have a Camaro....
What's a glow worms favourite song	Wake me up before you glow glow !
What has 4 legs in the morning, two at lunch, and three in the evening	A cannibal
What did one ball say to the other	This guy in the middle is a dick
What did the redditor say when he opened his package from the UniBomber	Wow, I did not expect this post to blow up
What's got a pair of balls and 100 teeth	A: A crocodile Q: what's got a 100 balls and a pair of teeth? A: A singing choir of army veterans
What does suicide and marriage have in common	(This one needs work...) Permanent solution to temporary problem.
What do you call a black man with no arms or legs	TRUSTWORTHY!
What did the oyster say when the monster broke into his home	Shucks
Q: What has two legs and bleeds	A: A chopped baby
What smells better raw meat or a baby	Depends on how cooked the baby is.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You stop milking a cow after 13 years.
What do you call a bunch of white guys on a bench	The NBA
What do you call a starving artist from 17th Century England	baroque
What do hillbillies do on Halloween	Pump kin.
What do you call a stuck up slut	Cuntseeded
What do you get when you elect Bernie Sander's son as president	A son Bern
What is Hitler's favourite animal	Adolphin
What do you do if your girlfriend is choking	Back up a few inches
What do you call a smug criminal going downstairs	A condescending con descending
What do you fire from underwater guns	Seashells
What's the world's scariest plant	bamBOO!
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it	A thought.
What's the worst part about being gay	You cant think straight.
What's the difference between a penalty shot in basketball, and a tiny curly wig designed for a bug	One is a free throw, and the other is a flea 'fro.
What kind of turns do letters take	U-turns! *From my 9 year old son yesterday. Fixed typo.
What's the definition of a great farmer	He's outstanding in his field.
What do you call a seagull by the bay	A bagel.
What's the abominable snowman's favourite food	Spag-yeti.
What do you MEAN there are no food trucks named ""Nom Chompsky""	!
What do you call an arrogant convict coming down the stairs	A condescending con, descending.
What does Clint Eastwood say to God every morning	Go Ahead Make My Day
What's another name for a Dentists	A filling station!
What did the hat say to the scarf	You hang around, and I'll go on ahead.
What's the cheapest type of meat	Deer balls, because they're under a buck.
What's invisible and smells like cough drops	Koala farts
What do you call an egocentric strain of bacteria found in a Chipotle burrito	ME-coli
What's the #1 cause of pedophilia	...sexy kids NOTE: Don't let this note, my acct. name, and the fact that this is only my second post interrupt your comedic ~~enboyment~~ enjoyment
What is Brown and Runny	...Usain Bolt
Q: What do you get when you cross a loaf of bread with a buffalo	A: A buffaloaf.
What's the most scandalous of the wonders of the ancient world	The Colossus of Scrotes.
What do you call a cat in love	Romeow
What do 9 out of 10 people agree on	A gangbang
What do you call an Asian male with no penis	An Asian porn star
What ya call a lesbian with large fingers	Well hung!
What water does Snake drink	Big Voss.
What entrance do prostitutes use	Hodor
What type of pants does Mario wear	Denim, denim, denim.
What do you get when you are the daughter of Rodney Dangerfield and Aretha Franklin	No R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
What do you call the poop that won't wipe away from your ass	You little piece of shit
What happens when Bosnian terrorists start attacking municipal government buildings	It Herzegovina
What do you call a snake who works for the governement	A civil serpent !
What's the worst part of giving a magician a ride home	When you get there, you turn into the driveway. Ba-dum-bum! Don't forget to tip your waitress!
What do you call a group of retards in a sauna	Steamed vegetables.
What do you call someone who does a BA in Arts, a MA in English and a PhD in Gender Studies	A well educated Barista
What do you call a vegetable that always stays outside	An un-in.
What's the difference between a truckload of dead woodchucks and a truckload of bowling balls	You can't unload a truckload of bowling balls with a pitchfork!
What did the mexican do when he lost his car in the parking lot	He pressed hispanic button
What does Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What do you call an Ethiopian woman with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur with vertigo	Falloffalottapuss
What do you get when you mix blood and piss	Bliss!
What is the difference between American teenage girls amd Muslim teenage girls	(Offensive) American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
What makes a Mexican saddest about the rise of ebooks	The closing of the Borders.
What is 2Chainz's favorite TV channel	TruTV
What did the tomato say to the mushroom	You're a fun guy
What is the first thing that vampires learn at school	The alphabat.
What do you call a dead skunk	A stunk. My daughter made this up when she was about 7 years old. I thought it was incredible clever.
What is meant by 'a pull factor'	A big red sports car.
What do you call a	What do you call a convict walking down some stairs? Con-descending
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne	Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he hits puberty.
Whats the difference between 3 big cocks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What's the difference between 0/1 and 0/2	Nothing.
What do you call a horny cow	Beef jerky :)
What did Hitler invest his money in hand sanitizer	It kills 99.9% of Germs.
What do gay horses eat	? Haaaayyyy!!
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	One's a Fe-Male, and the other's a woman in a power suit.
What animal has a dick on its back	A police horse.
What degree did the butt get	A Master of Fine Farts
What did 50 cent say to his grandma after she crocheted him a sweater	G! You knit!
What concert can you get in with just 45 cents	50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
What do you call a wino eating grapes	Impatient.
What does batman take in his beverages	just...ice.
What's the russian royalty's favorite type of fish	Czar-dines!
What do you call a White Crocodile	A Crocasian
What do you call 250 dead politicians	A good start.
What does a child with stickers have in common with a cocaine addicted DJ	They both love to scratch and sniff. ^(sorry if it's a repost I'm not here often)
What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out of the window.
What did the teacher do with the student's cheese report	She grated it.
What does a Dalek do in the shower	EXFOLIATE!
What is a Yankee	What is a Yankee? Well, its like a Quicky but your by yourself.
What do blacks and bicycles have in common	Take off the chain and both stop working. Going straight to hell :)
What do the Green Bay Packers and Monica Lewinsky have in common	Clinton Dix, haha.
What is a trans fat	A feminist.
What does a jock douchebag and a strict catholic have in common	They're both obsessed with their mass every day.
What did one saggy boob say to the other	Perk up or people will think you're nuts!
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney	You're too young to smoke. Sorry, it's the first joke I ever learned, and I haven't ever seen it posted.
What is ""attempted theft"" exactly	I mean it's not like you see school librarians seeing a student use Wikipedia on one of the computers and puts them in detention for ""attempted plagiarism
What's Vladimir's favorite song	Putin on the Ritz
What is Dracula's favorite fruit	Neck-tarines.
What is brown and sounds like a bell	Dung!
What do you get if you cross a dog with a kangaroo	A dog that has somewhere to put its own lead !
What do you get if you cross a telephone with  a hunting dog	A golden receiver!
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom	One snatches watches...
What is brown and sounds like a bell	Dung.
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have it as a kid, you are NOT going to like it as an adult.
Whats green and has wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels.
What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich	I don't fuck my sandwiches before I eat them.
What's the definition of a will	Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway.
What's the difference between a calendar and me	The calendar has dates.
What's the difference between a toilet and a graveyard	Nothing. When you have to go, you have to go.
What's a mass in your body that is really helpful	A cyst!
What do you call a woman with six kids	Lucy
What's the difference between Jews and Boyscouts	Boyscouts come back from camp.
What do you call a Mexican at the bottom of the ocean	Pollution. What do you call every Mexican at the bottom of the ocean? Solution.
What do you call the first black guy elected to the White House	Precedent.
what's the difference between mean and morbid	mean: five children in one dustbin morbid: one child in five dustbins
What is a Lumber-Jack from Massachusetts' favorite drink	A Boston Logger.
What kind of flooring does a Mexican fit	Underlay! Underlay!
What did the redneck say when she lost her virginity	GET OFF ME DAD, you're crushing my cigarettes!
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it fell from a tree it would kill you	A pool table.
What has gas, liquid and solids on it at the same time	Uranus.
What did the sea say to the beach	Nothing, it just waved.
What's up in the sky, oh so high	A baby falling out of an airplane.
What do you call a good looking Lebanese man	Azif
What's the best part of dating 28 year olds	There's 20 of them!
What did the Japanese chef say when his mother died	Well, that's the edamame.
What did the one llama say to the other before they went on vacation	ALPACA BAG
What did the redneck say to his sister	Oooh yeah, baby!
What's black on the outside, green on the inside and can go through walls	Ghost avocado.
what did the faggot faggot the faggot	because faggot hahahaha
Whats Brown and... Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop	p  p
Whats the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn-husker	The epileptic corn-husker shucks between fits.
What is sharper, your butt-hole or your teeth	Butt-hole, because it can cut your shit.
What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
Q: What does K-mart stand for	A: Kuz Mexicans Are Rich Too
What do Monica Lewinsky and Bill Clinton have in common	They blew a seal.
What did the hot dog vendor say at the World Trade Center	Who ordered the two jumbos?!
What do you give a canine seeking meaningless validation on the internet	Pupvotes
What is the difference between a creep and a kid	I wouldn't let a creep sit on my lap.
Q: What is the best thing that ever came out  of Arkansas	A: Highway 55.
What did the boys do ToGetHer	Roam And Tick things..
What's the opposite of Stephen Hawking	Stephen Talking.
What did the fish say to the concrete wall	Dam!
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus	He stole the show !
What do you give to a man who has everything	Penicillin
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Lamborghini	The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine
What's a pirate's favorite sexual partner	Can't legally consent because they're retarrrrrrrrded.
What has 8 legs and 7 arms	Def Leppard
What do you get when a fat guy and a butterface have sex	A Burka! He covers his body, and she covers her face!
What is another word for Pokemon	A Rastafarian Proctologist
What does Batman do on Father's Day	He oh...
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween	Pump kin
What's the difference between the jokes I read today, and the jokes I read last week	The posters
What does Snoop Dogg have an umbrella for	Fo' Drizzle
What do you call it when a black person has diarrhea	Nigeria
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An investigator
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two and now its too offensive to talk about.
What happened when Hitler got bratwurst juice in his eye	He could Nazi! LMFAO
What do you call Mike Tyson on drugs	Methed up
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
What did the Ents yell as they attacked Isengard	Ambush.
What did the fisherman say to the magician	Pick a cod, any cod!
What do you call a serial killer that rides a bike	A Cyclepath
Whats a hoes idea	A Thot.
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers	Well hung.
What do you call a Chinese Millionaire	Cha Ching
What kind of concert only costs 45 cents	50 cent featuring Nickelback
What did the maxi pad say to the fart	You are the wind beneath my wings.
What do you call two beer drinkers arguing about sea turtles	Lager-heads at loggerheads about Loggerheads.
What did the turtle do when he ran out of gas	He went to the Shell station.
What Moby Dick's fathers name	Papa Boner
What do you call a pair of identical twins who are stewardesses	Hostess Twinkies
What was the aardvark's favorite Lady Gaga song	Just Ants. Credit: My friend, the PUNisher.
What do you call a gay farmer	A Jolly Rancher
What's green with little red wheels	Grass. I was lying about the little red wheels. Missing my grandpa today. This was always his favorite.
What did Einstein eat as a baby	Formula!
What do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet	A kidager
What's the difference between Hitler and Keemstar	Hitler knew when to kill himself.
Q: What's the strongest bird	A: A crane.
What's a Republican Congressman's favorite movie	Kill Bill
what is the SEXIEST kind of tree	?????? A COUNTRY!!!!
What's the best part about dating a homeless chick	You can drop her off anywhere
What did the nihilist say to the physicist	Nevermind, it doesn't really matter.
What frequency do police radios operate on	100 niggahurts
What do you call an avid gardener	Herb
What do you get if you cross a Green Lantern, a car and an atheist	Willing suspension of disbelief.
What do you get when you eat too much shitty pizza	Pizzeria
What do you call an elderly vampire	Grampire.
What's the difference between yogurt and America	Yogurt could develop a culture after 200 years
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas	Cancer
What do a Harvard lawyer and a Yale lawyer have in common	They both got accepted to Yale.
What do you give a sick bird	A tweetment
What do Jedi sheep sound like	Dagobah.
What goes ooooooo	A cow with no lips. ;) ;) ;)
What did the french butter say when it got stocked in the cooler	Beurre... I came up with this today while grocery shopping. I'm ridiculously pleased with myself.
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console	Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!
What do you call a whirlpool in a church	Holy water!
What do you call a group of elephants	A pack o'derms
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question	...
What do you call a crazy guy in a room full of mosquitoes	A bit neurotic.
What did a disappointed Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he fished up a Salmon	IT'S NOT A TUNA!!!
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef!
Whats the difference between Peanut butter and Jam	You can't Peanut Butter a dick up your ass.
What are the most common 3 words used all around the world	Made in China.
What's the worst part about dumping a Japanese girl	You gotta drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What is Yoda's last name	Layhehoo
What do you call a bird who wants to have a different personality	An alter eagle!
What's the difference between a Redditor and an egg	Eggs get laid only once
What did the dog bring to party	Wooffies!
What do amputees and cricket have in common	Stumps
What do you do when a Chihuahua sneezes	Get a small hankie!
What do you call a TV award an Italian mobster cheated to win	Rigatoni
What does a feminist doorbell say	Stop-oppressing-me
What kind of concert costs 45cents	50cent feat. Nickelback
What's dumber than a box of rocks	The hippie carrying it. What's dumber than that? The yuppie buying it. What's dumber than that? The box of rocks
what is the mods favorite joke	[deleted]
What do you call obnoxious almonds	DEEZ NUTS!!! HA! GOT EEM!
What is a favorite film for an average girl	Mean Girls
What do you call transgender superheroes	X-Men.
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with Diarrhea	The farmer has the fits while he shucks.
What do you call a Jamaican who wears glasses	Rastafoureyes
What is the difference between a gorilla and Michael Jackson	One of them got shot for touching a kid.
What kind of bee produces milk	A BOOBEE!
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snow balls.
What is the KKK's favourite football (soccer) club	Blackburn
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather	Drizzle
What was the name of the hobbit who went to get frozen yoghurt	Froyo Baggins.
What do a 9 volt battery and a hot chick's asshole have in common	You know you shouldn't but you are going to put your tongue on it eventually.
What do you call an unfinished inflow of money	Incomplete.
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What type of pasta is most likely to cheat for a musical award	Rigatoni
What do you get when you cross a regular potato and a sweet potato	A tater tot.
What did the Criminal call his new pretzel company	Assault and Buttery
What's the similarity between Chris Brown being released and Pokemon Go being released	An increase in battery cases.
what did Freud say about an algebraic equation	What you do to one side, you must also do to your mother
What do you call 20 niggers in the emergency room	Family reunion They even brought a bucket of KFC
What is a dog's favourite Easter treat	Jelly bones!
What do you call a cow with one leg	Steak.
What's the difference between you and a rooster	A rooster says ""cock-a-doodle-do"" You say: ""any cock will do!
What is the name of the event in which Hillary supporters move out of the US	A start.
What do you call Whoopi Goldberg after sex	A Whoopi pie.
What did Justin Bieber's biggest fan say to him when they met	nothing, hes a fan.
Whats the difference between a jew and a boyscout	The boyscout comes home from camp
What do you call an Indonesian shoe factory that just had air conditioning installed	A sweatstop.
What happened to the tiger who took a bath three  times a day	After a week he was spotless !
What happens when a university math professor and a high school math teacher get it on	Calculust
What do lawyers use for birth control	Their personalities.
What do you call a web developer who enjoys finding bugs in the system	A spider
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never had a lentil all over my chest.
What do you call A Tale of Two Mosquitoes	A bite-time story.
What did the elephant say	When he lost his penis.
What do you call a nun in a wheel chair	Virgin mobile
What do you call a Roman transvestite	Ben-Her.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	Trump wouldn't pay $1000 to have a lentil on his face. #watersportsgate #goldenshower
What do you call a bunch of stereotypical Americans running	Nothing, it never happens.
What did the P say to the R	Is that a strap-on?
What did the biscuit say when it saw two friends knocked down	Crumbs!
What's the best thing about being born on 9/11/99	You had the two biggest candles on your second birthday.
What do you do if you see a blue banana	Try to cheer it up.
What did the hungry dyslexic order at the movie theater	Cop porn * This is probably already a joke but I'm experiencing a huge coffee crash so it was hilarious to me.
What's the best part about having sex with twenty-one year old's	There's twenty of them.
What did the grapes say to their parents after they put them into a nursing home	Thanks for raisin us
What did Hitler get for Christmas	An easy-bake oven.
What do you call an elephant that lies across the middle of a tennis court	Annette !
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps can finish a race...
What does a pirate say when he turns 80	Aye matey!
What do you call a man with three cocks	A farmer
What is a heroin addict's favorite website	Instagram.
What do you call an Italian with no hands	Mute
What kind of person do people hate moving in next to them that starts with an 'N' and ends with an 'r'	[NSFW] A 'neighbor,' you racist fuck!
What is a porn star's favorite allergy medicine	(NSFW?) Bend'n'dryl
What's the difference between a coyote and a flea	One howls on the prairie; the other prowls on the hairy.
What happens at night in Bangladesh	It gets Dhaka
What's the difference between a girl scout and a Jew	Girl scouts come home from camp
What is hot, carbon-dated and buried deep inside Georgia	Her geography teacher's cock.
What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business	1. No mind. 2. No business.
What did the Alabama woman say when she lost her virginity	Dad you're crushing my cigarettes.
What's Hitler's favorite Pokemon	Nein-Tales.
What do you get if you cross an alien and a  hot drink	Gravi-tea !
What do you call a lost Asian man	Disoriental
What do you call a compliant volcano	A volcayes.
what's orange and sounds like a parrot	a carrot.
What did the Pope say to the hot atheist girl	Shake that blasphemy
What do you say when someone asks you to make a fat person leave	Piece of cake.
Q: What do you call the study of the purchase of tree parts	A: Stem sell research.
What's Invisible and Smells Like Mice	Cat Farts...
What's the great thing about 25 year olds	There's 20 of them.
What did the blind man say when he passed the fish market	'Hi girls!'
What's brown and sounds like a bell	DUUUUNNNGGGGGG
What did the snake say when another asked him the time	Don't asp me !
What is a pirate's least favorite letter	Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: Illegal Downloading
What do you get when you cross an ape and a black person	? A really stupid ape
What do you call an army of gorilla soldiers	Boko Harambe.
What do you get when you stick your dick in yogurt without asking first	Rape culture.
Q: What do termites eat for breakfast	A: Oakmeal.
What's the worst thing about living with Alzheimer's	I forgot
What kind of bees give milk	BOOBIES!!!
What did O say to Q	Your boto is showing!
What do you call a British person playing a saxophone	An Anglo Saxin'
What's the advantage to fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free
Q: What do you call a parrot that flew away	A: A polygon!
What do you call the babies born in a whorehouse	Brothel sprouts.
What does anal sex and broccoli have in common	If you're forced to try it as a kid.. you probably wont like it as an adult.
What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common	They both know how to throw a ho-down.
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese person	You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.
What is Donald Trump's favorite type of cheese	White American.
What do you call a Pokemon that likes coins	A Pika-Jew
Q: What did the first stoplight say to the second stoplight	A: Don't look I'm changing!!
What has 2 heads and six legs	Nirvana
What does Chris Brown tell his friends when he sees Rihanna at a party	I hit that.
What did the kids say to the gay rabbit	Silly faggot, Dicks are for chicks!
What did the Trump supporting viticulturist say Monday morning	Time to make America Grapes Again.
What is a store for dogs called	A Superbarket
What's small, orange and sounds like a parrot	An oompa loompa with a sore throat.
What kind of dog is the quietest	A ""shhh""nauzer
What's it called when a vampire kisses you goodnight	Necking.
What did the chicken say before it crossed the road	I'll be Ba Ba Ba Baaach!
What makes a software developer feel rich	Their Cache
What is worse then a centipede with sore feet	A giraffe with a sore throat
What rock group has four men that don't sing	Mount rushmore
What did a cyberman say to John Smith	You will be [deleted]
What is the plural of y'all	-What is the plural of y'all? -Y'alls? -All y'all.
What's between an old woman's breasts that's not between a young woman's breasts	a navel..
What do you call a German think tank	An answer panzer!
What do worms and girls have in common	They both squirm when you eat them
What's In Hitlers Nose	Snotzies
What did the Japanese Journey covers band sing at the funeral	Don't stop, bereaving!
what do you call an italian whore	a pastatute lol
What the difference between /r/gonewild and /r/jokes	Not all the posts on /r/gonewild are about pussy, anal sex, blowjobs, and pedophilia. Seriously, /r/jokes, get your shit together
What do the NBA and the presidential election have in common	There's only two candidates, and nobody wants either of them to win!
What's the difference between an orange	One of them doesn't.
What do you call sex with a burrito	Getting chipotlaid.
What do you call an artist with a brown finger	Picasso
What train do you take to the synagogue	the jew jew tra
What do you call a rogue toaster	A rebel appliance.
What's the difference between a golfball and a woman's 'G' spot	A man will actually spend 20 minutes looking for a golfball... Alternative punchline: Man can actually hit a golfball...
What do you get if you walk under a cow	A pat on the head.
What do you get when you cross and owl and a bungie cord	. . . . . . . . . . ...My ass
What did Luke Skywalker get for his 16th birthday	A Toy-Yoda
What fetish does winners hate the most	The feet
What's the difference between a Russian Potato and a U.S. Potato	The U.S. potato can still compete in the Special Olympics.
What did the priest get at Toys R Us	An erection.
What is white on top and black on the bottom	Society
What type of music do people listen to in the grasslands	[Shrub-steppe.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrub-steppe)
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snowballs!
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snowballs.
What did one suicide bomber say to the next	Nothing, he just waved. #punchlinesthatdontwork
What do you call a small dog that can store food	Pupperware
What does it mean to come home to a man who'll  give you some love and tenderness	You're in the wrong house.
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil	Popeye's knob.
What does a quantum physicist tell their toddler who keeps asking ""Why"" over and over	Because I saw so.
What do you call 6.02x10^23 avocados	Guaca-mole
What is something we all lost	The Game
What would Caitlyn Jenner need to do if she changed her mind about being a woman	She would need to reJennerate some balls. What does Caitlyn Jenner do before she goes out? Bruce's up for the evening.
What's India's most popular dating service	Connect the Dots.
What do comedians do when they get tired of doing standup comedy	Sitcoms
What's bloody and painful and happens once a month	Flossing
What do you call a drunk dinosaur	A Staggersaurus.
What do you call a teacher who's always late	Mr Bus
What is blue and lies by the seabed	Probably not a planned child.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	denimdenimdenim
What's the problem with Java jokes	They have no *class*.
What do you call a guy with no shins	Tony..... toe knee
What did airport security tell the Dentist	We need to give you a cavity search
What do birds order when they go to Starbucks	Flappaccinos.
What do you call a sheep with no legs	A cloud.
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison.
What do you call a bagel that can fly	a plain bagel.
What do you call an Italian man with Parkinson's	A stutterer.
What sport does the kool-aid man play	Baseball; he's a pitcher.
What do gay zombies say	Heeeeyyyyrrrrrrraaarrrrrgggggg.
What did the banker say to the tongue when he rejected his loan application	There's no accounting for taste.
What do dead kids and jokes about dead kids have in common	They never get old.
What do Swedish people put in their coffee	Artifical Swedeners
What do you call the Pope after he's resigned	Ex-Benedict.
What's the Biggest Jobs Killer in the United States	Pancreatic cancer.
What mustache can an alien not pull off	A human chu
What is the difference between a pack of pygmies and a girls track team	The pack of pygmies is a bunch of cunning runts.
what do Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common	Kurds in the way
What's the difference between a seal and a sealion	An electron
What has four legs and goes ""Oom! Oom!""	A cow walking backwards!
What did the welshman do... ...when his girlfriend asked him how many sexual partners he'd had	Fell Asleep
What do you call dirt	Dirty.
What Do You Call Giving a Dutch Guy a Gun	Armin Van Buren.
What would George Washington do if he were alive today	Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.
What is the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman can go into a convenience store without Robin.
What did the car-painter say to the carpenter	You sound just like me!
What did the redneck get on his SATs	Barbecue sauce.
What's the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when he hits a windshield	His ass.
what fandom, despite only 1 book in the franchise, has been obsesing over it since the begeinning	christianity
What does an Indian man get when he works out	Sikh gains. I made this up too! Although this joke has probably been said before
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon player	Ash.
What kind of mint is the hardest to swallow	Abandonment.
What do you call an Italian guy whos afraid of cheese	Alfredo
What do you call a rooster who wakes you up at the same time every morning	An alarm cluck !
What type of overalls did Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim......
What does Matthew McConaughey think about an all white, Republican Government	Altright, altright, altright
What's a mathematicians favourite plant	Any that has a square root!
What's innuendo	It's Italian for ""suppository"".
What are mixed feelings	Watching your mother-in-law backing up towards the edge of a cliff in your new BMW.
What do you call the angel in charge of hydroelectrics	A God dam engineer.
What is the main reason people are voting for Brexit	When asked if they want to be economically joined with Greece, all they can say is ""eeeeuuuuuuu
[NSFW]What does a woman, fridge and washing machine all have in common	They all drip when they're fucked.
What's the difference between a gorilla and an Italian in the bathtub	The gorilla gets out to shit.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	Ones a Goodyear; the others a fucking amazing year.
What would you call a superhero with Down's Syndrome	Ultra Downy
What is an inconvenient truth with music	Algorithm.
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Quatro cinqo. EDIT: Yeah, I take French, not Spanish. :)
What's a Vikings favourite dance	The Loki cokey.
What do you call a snobby criminal going down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What emits a monochromatic beam of salty snack food	Frito Layser.
What's black, white and red all over	A nun in a blender
What's Dr. Dre's favorite vegetable	Beets.
What did the French philosopher say to the vegetable playing poker	All in, du thyme
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells	Pregnant.
What did Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common	They both had curds in their whey.
What do you call a procrastinating woodpecker	A wouldpecker
What do you give an octomom for mother's day	A spatula. Maybe she'll be more responsible making dinner than making babies.
What does a Jedi say after a tragic loss of life	May my thoughts be with them"".
What's a prostitute's favourite type of bird	A cock-r-two
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your ass...
What do a car, a bus, and a family have in common	The car and the bus both have wheels.
What's a Frenchmen's favorite vacation	A retreat.
What cause of death did the doctor give for a patient whom died after staring at a woman's behind	assfixation
What happens when you put too many paintings in your car	You can't make your van gogh.
What does the Philosophy major say a year after he graduates	Would you like fries with that?
What religion do ghosts practice	Boo-ddhism
What do you call a Jew with no chance of getting ahead	Bernie Sanders.
What did the Muslim Zoophiliac say when he found out his friend was a beekeeper	Dicks out for Haram Bee
What did the green onion say to the Thanksgiving dinner	I ain't no chive, Turkey.
What are Russian clothes always made out of	Lenin.
What does Hillary Clinton call a Trump supporting turtle warming itself in the sun	A basking deplorable
What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic	Going in to ask for a coat hanger!
What do you call a smart blonde	A golden retriever.
What kind of currency do astronauts use in space	Starbucks
What would Gregor Mendel pray for if he had a blender for his experiments	Whirled Peas
What's a Mexican's favourite sport	Cross country
What is it called when Batman skips church	Christian Bale!
What's worse than waking up after a party and finding a penis drawn on your face	Finding out it was traced
What is it called when Batman skips church	Christian Bale.
Q: What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A: A pool table.
What do you call a sheep giving birth in a bedroom	Bedlam
What is the difference between a pub and an elephant fart	One is a bar room, and one is a Barooooooooooooom!
What's a pirates favorite fast food restaurant	Long John silvers
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana	Tiger Woods had a better driver!
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo Bean	I haven't had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What is the room temperature on Tatooine	Lukewarm
What do you call a letter from a feminist	Hate male
What's the difference between the Harriet Tubman and the Red Hot Chili Peppers	Harriet Tubman was a heroine to the slaves; the Red Hot Chili Peppers are slaves to the heroin!
What's hitler's favorite yu-gi-oh card	Blue eyes blond dragon.
What is your best lawyer joke	I need some new material for the court house.
What do you call a deer missing an eye	No-eye deer.
What's with the attitude	I don't know what's gotten into you but I know what hasn't.
What dog do other dogs go to when they are sick	A docs-hund!
What do you call a water bottle that objects	A rebuttle
What's the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat	Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.
What did Eminem say when his label spelled his name wrong	It doesn't Mather.
What do you call a man with a penis in the middle of his face	Fuck nose.
What's it called when you're using Tinder on the toilet	Swiping and wiping.
What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf	Very little!
What's the worst thing about being black and jewish	Having to sit in the back of the oven.
What did the messed up psychologist have for dinner	Freud rice.
What did the prarie dog coach say to his team	Just gopher it.
What do you call a legless man at the beach during high tide	Fucked.
What's the difference between you and Bear Grylls	You'd get fired if you drank piss at work.
What part of the Vatican is made entirely out of amino acids	The Cysteine Chapel
Whats the German version of silent night	Kristall nacht
What does Matthew Shephard hate more than being raped, having AIDS, and being pistol whipped	Camping.
What did one wall say to the other	I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on	Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on	Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
What did one wall say to the other	I'll meet you at the corner!
What do you call the largest of the land masses, when it's unable to hold itself together, breaking into smaller land masses and leaking waste water	Incontinent.
What is the best part of a Jonestown joke	The punchline
What do you call it when someone has sex with Dwayne Johnson	Rock Climbing. heh.
What is a Jedi's favorite salad dressing	Skywalker Ranch.
Whats the difference between Caesar and Casanova	Caesar said:""I came, I saw, I conquered."" Casanova said:""I saw, I conquered, I came.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	Nobody wants a garbanzo bean on their face....ha!
What did the holy shit say to the priest	I'm glad I got the hell out of there!
What did the chicken do when he saw a bucket of  fried chicken	She kicked the bucket !
What's a Sudanese child's favourite TV channel	Khartoum Network.
What do you call 2 guys fighting over a slut	Tug-of-whore.
What did the retail employee say to the young gang member in the fitting room	You dont fit in the hood kid.
What's stronger, fifty watts of sound or fifty watts of light	I don't care but would you please stop screaming, turning the lights on and off.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Nothing.. She was gagging and choking
What's black and doesn't work	Decaffeinated coffee, you racist bastard.
What did the Leper say to the Prostitute	Keep the tip.
What's the difference between a long bearded redneck and a long bearded ISIS man	One wants to eat filthy american pigs, and the other wants to kill the filthy american pigs.
What did one succulent say to the other	Aloe there
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre Didn't go over too well in r/pics.
What does a scientist who has an epiphany while peeing say	Urea!
What did the father lightning bolt do to his son when he miabehaved	He grounded him.
What's the difference between Wright and Rong	Wright yells, ""Objection!' Rong is your typical Chinese man.
What do you call it when you give chairs to the poor	A Chair-ity!
What do you call a fake noodle	An ImPASTA!
What's the difference between sex and golf	In golf one bad hole won't kill you.
What rhymes with Autoerotic Asphyxiation	Writing an obituary is hard.
What's the worst way to lose your job	By firing squad.
What's the difference between a prostitute in the bath tub and a nun	The nun has hope in her soul.
What do you get with breaking news	News casts
What's the worst advice calculus can give you	Integral of e^x because that's Se^x dx and it's never a good idea to sex the ex!
What do you call a nun that is lost	A Roamin' Catholic
What do you do with a stuck tap..	Fawcett.
What happened when the owl lost his voice	He didn't give a hoot !
What did one cloud of fog say to the other	I don't know. It's a Mistery.
What do compassion and sex have in common	Without passion it's only cum!
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it	An envelope!
What helps keep your teeth together	Toothpaste.
What do you call a nun that is going for a walk	A roamin catholic
What do you call a blad man with dandruff	A Snowglobe!
What's the only thing a feminist is going to change	The Laundry
What was the first think Queen Elizabeth did on ascending to the throne	Sat down !
What is the name of a dog with no legs and metal balls	Sparky
What does an insecure white kid do when he accidentally leaves a page	Alt+Right
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef strokanoff.
What's the difference between a new wife and a new dog	After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
What do you call someone who only watches Horror Anime	A Ouijaboo.
What's the difference between my basement and a Ferrari	One is filled with hookers, and the other is my basement!
What is the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump	One is a cartoon character with a hot temper and the other is a duck.
What do you call a transvestite postal worker	a mail lady
What is white and blue and swings through the jungle	a refrigerator wearing a denim jacket
What do you call a trapped fly in a frying pan of stir fry	Your mum
What's the core body temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke Warm
What's a white supremacist's favorite cereal	Special KKK.
What advantage do gay black guys have over gay white guys	They only have to come out to their mother.
What do you a white convict stuck between two black convicts	An Oreo crookie
What's red, 6in. long and my gf cries when I feed it to her	Her Miscarriage.
What did The Zodiac Killer say before killing his victims	You're Cruz'n for a bruising"".
What did the Japanese man say when he jumped out of Office Depot	SUPPLIES!!!
What did one ocean say to the other	Nothing, it just waved. Sea what I did there? I'm shore you did. Laugh, you son of a beach!
What did the man say to the giant squid	What's kraken? JAJAJAJAJJAJJAJA
What do you call two guys above a window	Curt 'n Rod
What do you call a grandma that know martial arts	A grandmartial artist. I apologise for any lost brain cells.
What do my iPhone and my girlfriend have in common	They both go off again two minutes later to remind me of the same thing.
What does the physicist have to eat when he goes to the pub	Fission chips.
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but people in Abu Dhabidooo.
What's the worst thing you can do in the name of cupidity	Going to Thailand with your own children
Whats a really famous corn	Pop corn. Get it? like e.g, pop stars
What do the UFC and Beauty Salons have in common	They're both full with Brazilian pussies!
What do you call a second hand gold necklace	Recyc-bling (I'm pretty sure I thought of this myself but I used to smoke the Mary Jane a lot so......)
What is the difference between a priest and a pimple	A pimple generally waits until you are a teenager before it comes on your face.
What do you call somebody who is content being average sized	A happy medium.
What did Chuck Norris told his father when he left home for college	You are the man of the house now.
What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened them yet.
What part of the hospital does John Cena hate the most	the ICU
What do you call a camel without humps	Humphrey.
What does an elite hacker get after being arrested	[deleted]
What's the difference between a man and a woman	A vas deferens.
What do you get if you cross Islam and Capitalism	v2 Allah's Snackbar.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it. (heard this somewhere)
What starts with an F and ends in ""uck""	Fuck
What do you call a ship that drives itself	Auto-pirate.
What does a desperate Mexican do	Bangs his head against the wall.
What's the difference between a guitar and an elevator	I didn't expose myself inside a guitar this morning.
What do you call a blonde in a closet	Last years hide and seek champion
What do you call a disease that only effects ducks	A mallard-y
What has more brains than Kurt Cobain	The wall behind him.
What music do dyslexic programmers listen to	Run/CMD
What happens if an Asian gets stung by a bee	Their GPA drops
What did the the dad say to the feminist	Hugh Mungus
What makes a joke about ISIS funny	The execution
What is a suicidal person's favorite card game	Bridge.
What do you call it when a plant used TV Tropes	A TV Tropism.
What does Tupac Shakur and Oceans 13 have in common	... They were both shot in Vegas!
what colour are Marios overalls	denim denim denim
What is Grammar	The difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you're shit
What do you get when you mix a Mexican with an octopus	I dont know, but it sure as hell can pick apples.
What'd the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip
What do vegetarian zombies eat	terri schiavo
What do you mean I've had enough to drink	!! Hold my beer while I fight this lamppost.
What separates Humans from Animals	The Mediterranean Sea.
What do the letters G, I, T, N, H, N &amp; O have in common	nothing
What should a rabbit use to keep his fur neat	A harebrush.
What's the difference between a slice of toast and the French	You can make soldiers out of a slice of toast.
What's long and hard on a black man	The first grade.
What's the difference between an 115 year old man and a 46 year old woman	sixty-nine
What's the only mammal that can breathe under ice	An elephant hiding in your fridge
What kind of orange juice do Jews drink	All kinds, just not concentrated
What kind of pants does Super Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What was the favorite food of the thrifty Italian who loved contractions	A pasta free.
What's the difference between very large building and pigeon	just one 's'. One is skyscraper and the other one is skycraper.
What did one snowman say to the other	Weird...I smell carrots, too.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board	A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
What does a man with one leg wear to the beach	Flop.
What sort of drug does a duck use	Quack cocaine
What do you call a pig that votes	Polled pork.
Q: What do you have when you have a cow and two ducks	A: Milk and quackers.
What's an old woman taste like	Depends ...
What type of bagel can fly	A plain (plane) bagel!
What is a prime way of knowing when a retard is thirsty	He'll have water on the brain.
What is the similarity between Election and Erection	The words election and erection are spelled similarly. They both have the same meaning too: a dick rising to power.
What do you call a masochist looking for a hookup	Cruisin' for a bruisin'
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on the same book for thousands of years	Church.
What did batman say to robin	What did batman say to robin before they got in the bat-mobile? ""Get in
What's the difference between cab drivers and F1 drivers	F1 driver doesn't think he's a cab driver
What do Mexicans use with the Wii-U	Amiigo
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable	Convincing their family to consent to it!
What dance do hippies hate	A square dance.
What did the left leg say to the right leg	Between me and you, we can make a lot of money.
What do you give to an elephant who suffering from diarrhea	Space.
What do you calla brown guy that asks a lot of question	A curry-ous guy
What is the difference between animal abuse and animal cruelty	. . . The size of your dick.
What do you call the National Conference for Bridgebuilders	RubiCon.
What's Alderaan's main export	Dead bodies.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	Roamin' Catholic
What do you call a cow that gets an abortion	De-calf-inated
What shoes do Ninjas wear	Sneakers!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky	Erotic is when you use a feather; kinky is when you use a whole chicken.
What do you get when you mix castor oil with holy water	A religious movement.
What do you call a deaf chick in bed	Anything you want
what do you call bees on halloween	boo bees
What's the difference between a bonus and a penis	A wife will blow a bonus.
What does a nosey pepper do	Get jalapeno business.
What did one coconut say to the other	Oh my god a talking coconut!
What happened to the tree when the lumber jack hit on it	It got all sappy
What do you call a factory that only makes good products	A satisfactory
What's the difference between a washing machine and your mom	The last time I dumped a load into the washing machine, she didn't follow me around for a week!
What do the lady reindeer do on Christmas eve	They hit the town and blow a few bucks.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim denim denim.
What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison	A small medium at large
Whats green, has six legs and if it falls from a tree it will kill you	A snooker table
What's the difference between a circus and a whore house	My dad didn't meet my mom at a circus or take me their when I turned 5
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo	Ones a little lighter
What did Mr. T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar	I don't hate this bar, but I pity the stool.
What do you call an unused piano	A keybored
What is a male pirates biggest fear	A sunken chest with no booty.
What do Greek soccer players wear	Soccer tee's
What is worse than being kidnapped by the Talibans	Being rescued by the Americans
What's blue and gold and comes in brownies	Cub Scouts.
What did Jesus say to the Eskimos	Many are cold, but few are frozen.
What is the difference between a banjo and a trampoline	You don't have to take your shoes off to jump on a banjo.
What's the difference between Polio and 9/11	The government actually wanted to stop Polio.
What do you call a broken boomerang	A stick
What do you call two gay Irishmen	Michael Fitzpatrick...and Patrick Fitzmichael
What is Mary short for	She has no legs
What do you do when your lawnmower stops working	Deport him
What did the furniture salesman say when he wasn't happy with his haircut	Its a chaise lounge.
What's a pirate's greatest fear on the first date	A sunken chest with no booty.
What do you call an Igloo without a toilet	An Ig !
What did the Mexican say to his dirty friend	Hey Messe
What does a pretentious owl say	Whom whom.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit	A zit will wait until you're twelve before it comes on your face.
what's the difference between a pitbull and a jewish broad	a pitbull will eventually let it go
What's the definition of relative humidity	The sweat that accumulates under your balls when you're fucking you're sister.
What did Jesus do to lose weight	Crossfit
What do they call the Hulk when he has an erection	Bruce Boner.
What did one computer CPU say to the other after getting hit	Ow! That megahertz!
What do you call a hippie astronaut	A far out man
What do you call a blind deer	No-eye-deer. What do you call a blind dead deer? Still no-eye-deer. What do you call two blind deer that died while having sex? Still no-fucking-eye-deer.
What's a joke	My life...
What do you call an angry pirate	A Pirate (A mix between Pirate and Irate)
What is the smallest part of a little person	Their wee-knees!
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	You hit her
What do you call a dinosaur with too much power	A tyrant-osaurus rex! &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; I'll see myself out...
What's the difference between the Joker and Ronald McDonald	The Joker only killed people in Gotham City.
What do you call a nerd after highschool	Boss
Q: What's faster than a black man stealing a T.V	A: His brother running with the V.C.R
What do you call a cardboard belt	A waist of paper. -- ^(Credit: Shadow Warrior fortune cookie)
What does Santa Claus and Jared from Subway have in common	They both leave kid's homes with empty sacks.
What do you call 32 white people locked in a closet	A captive Cherokee.
What grey has a wand huge wings and gives money to elephants	The tusk fairy !
What did the police officer say to Tom Brady during a routine traffic stop	Your tires are low.
What does Michael Jackson and an xbox have in common	They are both made of plastic and get turned on by children!
What's the best way for an American to lose weight	Gamble in British currency.
What's the world's sexiest phone number extension	6969
What does a cannibal get when he comes home late to dinner	The cold shoulder.
What kind of cars do shellfish drive	Mussel cars.
What do you call a cannibal that only eats disabled people	A Vegetarian
What do gay cow's eat	Hayyyyyyy
What song would Kendrick Lamar sing if he was Native American	Bitch don't kill my tribe.
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Rabbit Farts
What Do You Call an Epileptic in a Pile of Leaves	Russell
What's Asian on top and black on bottom	IQ distribution graph
What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole	A pedophile
what do you call the people who were protecting a van	the vanguard
What do you call a dog with no legs	You don't call him anything because he won't come running anyhow.
What does a cell that's full of shit do	Lyse.
What's the quickest way to get to the airport	Terminal Velocity. [:D](http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot&amp;play=true)
What do you get when you cross the Queen and Prince Charles	Dead in a tunnel.
What does my cat and Donald Trump have in common	Neither of them pay taxes
Q: What's the best way to keep milk from turning sour	A: Leave it in the cow.
What kind of bees make milk	Boo-bees ( . ) ( . )
What's Bernie Sanders's favorite insurance company	Progressive *this just popped up in my head while in the shower. If already posted I apologize in advance*
What do Will and Jaden Smith like about today	It's After Earth Day.
What does Pluto have up on Palestine	At least Pluto exists
What's the worst part about being a beaver	It's a lot of dam work.
What is the linguistic description of sentences like 'ho ho ho' and 'merry Christmas'	They are both santa clauses.
What do you call a person with no nose or body	Nobody nose!
What's black and never works	Decaf coffee, you racist bastard.
What kind of bear dissolves in water	A polar bear.
What's the most beautiful thing in mathematics	A cute angle
What do you call a frozen terrorist	A isilcle
What's the difference between the Olympic long distance race and the Paralympic long distance race	A lap
What do you call a family that runs a gas station	Pump kin.
What do you call five Mexicans drowning at the bottom of their pool	Cinco.
What happened when Jesus went to mount Olive	Popeye fucking smacked him one.
What do you call the first Irish woman ever created	A McRib
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	You only need one nail to hang the picture.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalotapus
What does Putin say during his new years speech	Don't know but its so scary that they drink for ten days straight right after!
What do you call an orthodox jew that is prone to heartburn	Acidic. [My apologies]
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs	A paraplegic in a house fire.
What should you do if you're in the jungle and come upon a tiger	Say you're sorry, wipe him off, and run.
What does Arizona name Colorado	Border Collie
What do you call a racist cereal	Special KKK
What's the difference between America any yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 300 years, it develops a culture.
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a birth certificate	A birth certificate states the sex.
What's the driest joke you ever heard of	Your mom's pussy
What's black and blue and doesn't like sex	The ten year old boy in my basement.
What's the best part about sleeping with twenty five year olds	There's twenty of them.
What type of pants do you need to start a car	Cargo pants
What do you call a homeless Italian man	Giovanni Change
What is a physicist's favorite type of pants	Massless chaps
What do you call an elevator full of white people	A box of crackers.
What did the mayor say after the townsfolk told him that they used the watering hole to take dumps	Well shit.
What do Angels fans and gay men both have in common	They both love Pujols
What did the male eskimo say to the female eskimo right before having sex	I'm gunna fuck you Inuit pussy.
What did the chef say to the man who wouldn't eat alphabet soup	I'm gonna make you eat those words!
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A total rip off.
What do you call a epileptic roman emperor	Just had a Seizure. (too those who dont get it read it out loud quickly)
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never paid $100 to have a lentil on my face.
What do you call a man who has sex with his 9 year old wife	The holiest Prophet of Islam.
What did the shoe say about the customer who didn't like that it had yellow shoestring	That's lacist.
What do you do if you see a space man	Park your car man.
What's worse than having ants in your pants	Uncles.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wiped.
What do you call a smart pig	Swinestein.
What's green and has wheels	A Pickle and I lied about the wheels.
What do you call the German word for Vaseline	Derweinerslider
What do you call a pop star that marries Rowan Atkinson	Avril Labean
What's the Difference between a Wife and an Attic Door	An attic door can shut up. ~~im going to hell~~
What did all the boys from the hood call the Pillsbury Dough boy after he got super baked	Cracker.
What do you call a Mexican child molester	A pedrophile
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaaaay
What is the capital of the United States	Half of what it was last week
What does a squid sheriff form	An octoposse!
What does John Cougar Mellencamp get if he eats too much cantaloupe before he goes swimming	A melon-cramp.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	Donald Trump never asked to have a lentil on his face.
What do you get when you mix S&amp;M with R&amp;B	The Marquis de [Sade](http://i.imgur.com/srWEGsC.jpg)
Whats grey and comes in pints	Elephants
What would a scandal involving Microsoft be called	Gatesgate.
What did the flatulent man say to the preacher during confession	Forgive me Father, for i have wind.
What does the Army call it's Muslim infantry units with vehicles	Mecca-nized infantry.
What do you call a stoned Irishman	A baked potato.
What do you call a person who farts in private	A private tutor
What did Australian Jesus say after the Last Supper	Check, mate.
What's that movie about the girl who forgets Adam Sandler every day	I want to know her secret
What do you call a pile of cats	A meowtian.
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe	Roberto.
What did the bicycle call its dad	Pop-cycle
What do you call a viking cemetary	A grey fjord.
What do you call an explosion in a Frencg kitchen	Linoleum Blown-apart.
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife	A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry
What started feminism	An unlocked kitchen door
What did one duck say to the other	Quack!
What do you call people who pretend to be Irish on St. Patrick's Day	Counterfitz
What is the best day to wear an asshat	Sunday, because it's so holy.
What's reddit without the R&amp;D	Edit:
Whats the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana	Nothing, their last big hit was the wall.
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common	They're both fucking close to water.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew	A pizza doesn't scream in the oven
What do Trump voters call Holocaust survivors	Mulligans.
What does Tumblr and KFC's chicken have in common	They both contain high amounts of trans fats. Edit: Omg guys! I didn't expect this to take off this much, thanks guys!
What did the homeless guy get for Christmas	Very, very hungry.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About halfway
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr Dre
What did the fisherman from Boston say to the magician	Pick a cod, any cod!
what do you call an effeminate dwarf	A metro-gnome....
Q: What did one mountain say to the other mountain after an earthquake	A: It's not my fault.
What is Trumps favorite movie	Minority Report.
What do a Catholic Priest and second place have in common	They both came in a little behind.
What does Pong and WW1 have in common	It's not about strategy, but endurance.
What sort of crime is it if a neckbeard commits murder	A fedoral offense.
What do you call a bee from America	A USB.
What do you call a hot girl with no legs	Disabled.
What's the difference between a wide receiver and Ray Rice's wife	The NFL will review the tape of the wide receiver getting hit
What chord does a piano make when it drops on a child	...A-flat minor
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant	Are you sure it's mine?
What month was King Kong born in	Ape-ril
What do you call a cat with eight legs that likes to swim	An octopuss !
What's the definition of black foreplay	Don't scream or I'll kill you.
What do you call a snake that is trying to  become a bird	A feather boa !sna
What does Jeb Bush say to his wife after sex	Please cum.
What did the Pirate say on his birthday	Ayy Matey
What do gay horses eat	*HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY*
What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal	That hit the spots !
What do you call a hamburger that runs for president	A McTrump
What kind of boats do smart people ride on	Scholar ships!
What bathroom does Roy G. Biv use	The colored one.
What is the most up-voted comment of all time	repost
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland	I'm not really sure. The air is clean. The mountains are beautiful. The flag is a big plus.
Q: What a BLONDE will ask the doctor in the maternity ward	A: ""Is it mine?
What is a monster's favourite drink	Demonade.
What kind... What kind of vitamins pirates take	Vitamin ""D"".
What do cows do for entertainment	They go to the mooooovies.
What Rock group has four men who don't sing	Mount Rushmore.
[NSFW] what do you call a Uk police woman with a shaved pussy	Cuntstubble
What does a basketball player do before he  blows out his candles	He makes a swish!
What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA	You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
What do you call someone who raises poultry	A chicken tender.
What's the Difference Between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
What do you call a snake that makes a lot of noise when it eats	A slurpent.
What's Obama say to Biden when he leaves the room after a argument	Good*bi-den*
What happens if you don't keep up payments to your exorcist	You get repossessed.
What did the guy who liked mustard say when he opened his fridge and saw no mustard	You mustard be joking!
What happened to King Midas after he facepalm'd	He turned into Donald Trump.
Q: What do you do with a wombat	A: You play wom with it.
What did the left nut say to the right nut	Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick
What does DNA strand for	National Dyslecsics Association
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't care.
What did the robot say to the other robot as they destroyed each other	Nothing personal.
What did the beach boys play at their reunion show	Wouldn't it be nice if we were younger.
What do you call a crush on a fat person	An inFATuation
What kind of bird opens doors	A kiwi !
What do you call a gangster who is really in touch with his emotions	An emo-g
Q: What is the difference between blondes and traffic signs	A: Some traffic signs say stop.
What is the best name for an acrobat	Phillip
What happens when a rock gets high	He gets stoned.. Badum tsss
What do vegetarian maggots eat	Linda Mccartney...
Q: What did the spud lover do before it went to bed	A: It set its alarm for eight -- so it would get a potato clock.
what do a nun and a public defender have in common	neither one can get you off
What do you get when you cross a gangster and a serial killer	Murdered. (If you don't get it: ""cross"" can mean ""betray"")
What is any guy's dream first job	A blowjob
What do you call an elf that follows Scientology	Elron Hubbard
What do the letters DNA stand for	National Dyslexic Association
What do old lady vaginas smell like	Depends.
What's the definition of a good actor	Somebody who tries hard to be everybody but himself.
What was the fat asian rapper's name	Too chinz
What did Whitney Houston's coroner say as he unbuckled his belt	It's not right, but it's OK
What is Link's favorite Final Fantasy character	Zell, duh!
What does rock music and my grandpa have in common	The Strokes
What the difference between meat and fish	If you beat your fish, it dies.
What is a good way to describe a tailor that refuses to make clothing for nuns	Non-habit forming
What do you have if you are holding a cricket ball in each hand	A bloody big cricket.
What do you call a rich brown person driving an Audi	A Saudi
What is the difference between a girlfriend and a wife	About 60 pounds.
What is a pedophiles favorite Italian meal	Chicken Statutory....I'm going, I'm going...sorry but this is how my brain works before I've had coffee.
What's harder the softer it gets	Typing withw my peniuasd 9damnit!)
What is black and white and red and brown and silver and can't turn around in an elevator	A nun with a harpoon through her head.
What's Harry Potters favourite way of getting down a hill	Walking Jk, rolling
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian bail
What do you call a punch that can kill 20 kids and 6 adults	A Sandy Hook.
What is your name	Hugh Mungus
Q: What did Louis Farrakahn say to Mike Tyson  after the fight	A: No stupid an Eye for an Eye!!!!
What do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period	An egg timer
What's got 40 balls and fucks ducks	A 12 Gauge Shotgun
Q: What do you get if you cross the atlantic with the titanic	A: About halfway.
What does ""Maginot"" mean	Welcome
what is a short, yet a long password	1 to 8
What's the difference between Jared Fogle's divorce and other divorces	Most married couples tried to stay together FOR the kids. Not divorce because of them.
What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable	The wheelchair
What sits at the bottom of the ocean and twitches	A drowning epileptic.
What do you call a greedy lesbian	Bush hog.
What do you call an Arab flying a plane	A pilot you racist
What's the difference between a fruit and a nut	I don't fruit all over your mother's tits.
what did the doe say when she came out of the woods	I'm never doing THAT for two bucks again.
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack o' Lantern by its diameter	Pumpkin Pi
What do you call a group of babies	an Infantry
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	Pokemon!
[interrogation] What were u doing last nite	I was killin my neighbour, Bert. Louder for the tape? [leans in] Fillin in paperwork. Busy guy.
What's the worst thing you can call a black person	.. Hint: starts with an N and ends with an R Neighbor
What are the two sexiest barn yard animals	Brown-chicken-brown-cow
What is black and eats pussy	cervical cancer
What were ACDC called when they were kids	ABCD
What do you call a Nazi cetacean	Adolfin.
What does the British monarchy and yeast have in common	They're both inbred.
What is Josh Duggars favorite thing about 19 year olds	There's 19 of them
What do you say when your neighbor's 5 year old goes missing	Nothing.
What happened when the blue ship crashed into the red ship	The crews got marooned
What do you call a recovering alcoholic	A ginspiration.
What did Goldberg say when he boarded the wrong train	Auschittz.
What do you call a Russian with three nipples	Whodyanikanipplov
What do you call a Chinese guy when he's laughing	Lmao
What did the lonely ghost do at 2 in the morning	He made a booo-ty call
What's brown and sticky	My poop.
What's the best thing to come out of a penis	The wrinkles. (Told to me by my mother)
What happened when the lawyer took a Viagra	He got taller.
What did the one explorer say to the other when they arrived in Northern Canada	Eh, you take this one. I don't want Nunavut. PS: I realize it's a double negative.
What to do if you run over a black man in the rain	Well, you have an hour before the rain dries...
What do the Texas Rangers &amp; Brett Favre's wife have in common	Neither of them are gonna choke.
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a unicycle, and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire
What did the depressed, illiterate pepperoni slice say when asked where he was with his life	Well it pizza heck out of me.
Whats a printer's favorite sandwich	A paper jam sandwhich
What does the H stand for in Jesus H Christ	[Lame Joke] Haploid
What's the definition of eternity	Four blondes waiting at a four way stop.
What's the difference between an 18 year-old girl and a washing machine	When you dump a load in the washer, it will not follow you around for two months.
What do you call a clever pig	Cunningham
What element can you find in almost any shoe store	Heelium! I'll see myself out now...
What is a vampire's favourite soup	Scream of mushroom !
What is Bruce Lee's Favourite Drink	WOTAHHHHHH
What does the MacBook have in common with Donald Trump	I would tell you.... But I don't compare apples to oranges.
What did the clown say after having a few drinks	I'm feeling funny
What does the chicken do to get through college	She strips.
Q: What is the difference between a liberal  and a puppy	A: A puppy stops whining after it grows up.
What key do you need to open a banana	A monkey
What do you get if you mix Lassie and a canteloupe	Melon-Collie.
What dog has money	A bloodhound because he is always picking up scents (cents).
What's the Best thing about Duct Tape	It turns Noooo! Noooo! Noooo!......to..... Mmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmm.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken
What did the boy with no hands get for his birthday	Gloves! No, I'm just kidding, I don't know what he got. He hasn't opened it yet.
What is big, vibrates and makes a woman scream when put inside her	A chainsaw.
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple	Listening to an antijoke.
What do you call a narcissistic plant with an erection	A self-raising flower. I'm so sorry.
What's the difference between Russian football fans and an old drunkard in a bar at closing time	Kicking the old drunkard out won't start world war III.
What do gay horses eat	Haaaaaaaay! ( I didn't hear this joke until college.)
What did the feminist Jedi say to Emperor Palpatine	Check your privilege, sithlord
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One less drunk guy.
What did Pontius Pilate say to Jesus	If you drop that damn Cross again you are out of my Parade.
What did the cucumber say to the salad	Nothing. (It's a cucumber. (They don't talk.))
What's the worst thing you can do when posting a joke	Accidentally hit submit before you
What did the cheeseburger name her daughter	Patty.
What's my New Year resolution	Well, I just got a Hi-Def TV, so it's 1920 X 1080i.
What do you get when Hulk holds the American Flag	The Star Spangled Banner!
Q: What do you call blonde twins doing bubble gum commercials	A: Double-dumb.
What do you call a monkey sitting on a lions back	The most animalistic way to ride a pussy
What's the worst thing to hear after giving head to Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What do neo-Nazis do on Hitler's birthday	Heil if I know
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot
What did the gladiator say when he was surrounded by nearly 100 men	IC
What do you call jokes on Reddit	Sit-down comedy
What do you call a rabbi that you scrap off your shoe	Resi-jew. I'm so sorry.
What do cannibals eat for breakfast	Buttered host.
What does Iron Butterfly put in their margaritas	It's agave tequila, honey.
What do the female reindeer do when they want some fun	They go into town and blow a few bucks.
Q: What would you call an Arab who owns a harem of cows	A: A milk sheik!
What did the baby skunk want to be when  he grew up	A big stinker!
What is green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you	A pool table
What do you get when you mix red and yellow	Trump
What does a Turkey eat when it's hungry	An Armenian!
What did the vegan Neanderthal say when walking in to the woman's bathroom	Chickpea
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm in it	Finding half a worm in it. And what's worse than that? The holocaust
What do you call a gang of Country musicians jamming the shit out of some good ol' music	A twang-bang
What do you call two straight days of rain in Seattle	The weekend!
Whats the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter your dick into someones ass.
What's white at the top and black at the bottom	Society
What type of car explodes	A Talivan.
What award was given to the best knock-knock joke winner	The No-Bell prize.
What do porn stars and prostitutes say when they wake up in the morning	Time to suck today's dick!
What do you call it if a white person robs you	Capitalism
What did the little ghost eat for lunch	A booloney sandwich!
what type of dog do you see at the zoo	a shitzu
Whats the difference between illegal and unlawful	One is against the law and the other is a sick bird
What do you call a Pokemon with breasts	Rattata.
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer	Ash.
[Russian Joke] What will the results of the next election be	No one knows! The results were stolen from the Politburo just last night!
What animal always goes to bed with its shoes on	A horse !
What's the best way to search a linen store	Undercover.
What's blue, small and sits in a corner	A baby with its hand in the power socket.
What's the best thing about living with alzheimer's	You get to meet new people everyday.
What's Imperial Britain's favorite game	Clash of Clans
What did you hear about the man who fell into the upholstery machine...	I heard that he was fully re-covered.
What do you do if you get a peanut stuck in your ear	Pour in a little chocolate and it comes out a treat.
What's a junkie's favorite videogame	Need for Speed.
What is the difference between a girl in church and a girl in a bathtub	The girl in church has hope in her soul
What do you call a Nazi who survived the war	A veterinarian
What do Osama Bin Laden and a salmon have in common	It's a great life until they run into a seal.
What do you call a bear in the rain	A drizzly bear.
What did Yoda say when he watched Star Wars on Blu-Ray	HDMI
What's the filthiest joke you know	Here's mine How do you know when your sister is on her period? Your dad's cock tastes of blood.
What happens when you give a politician viagra	He gets taller
What do you call a sarcastic abyss	A sar-chasm.
What do you call a color that doesn't exist	A pigment of your imagination.
What did a kleptomaniac say on 90% sale	It was an absolute steal!
What's the difference between a horse and a zebra	A lawyer.
What's the difference between Ray Rice's wife and a fish	A fish can take a left hook.
What do you call a Nurse that specializes in male genitalia	A Pi-nurse.
What knight of the round table never paid with cash when buying something	Sir Charge
What do vegetables watch when they're feeling frisky	Cornography
What do you do when your wife is blocking view of the TV	Go to the kitchen and shorten her chain.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*gargling noise*
What did they give the guy who invented the doorknocker	A no-bell prize
what are you listening to right know	candy shop.
What time is it when. You have to go to the dentist	Tooth-hurty.
What do you call a cow with epilepsy	Beef jerky!
What was eating away at the computer's RAM storage	I don't know, but it was going at it one byte at a time.
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps can finish a race.
What do you call a Russian with three testicles	Hudyanika Bolokov
What's the difference between Biggie Smalls and your mom	Biggie loves it when you call him Big Poppa, while your mom just loves it when you call.
What do you call and Indian funeral	A pool party
What did one computer say to the other	Error 404 joke not found.
What's the difference between a brown noser and an ass kisser	Depth perception.
What's the difference between a loaf of bread and a penguin	I don't know what?"" ""We're sure not sending you to the store!
What do you call it when a signal processing firm quickly remodels their entryway	A fast foyer transform!
What part of your hand is the most salty	The NaCls
What did the saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	Man, if we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts.
What do you call a museum for cows	A moo-seum.
What's the same as an ocean rabbit	A C-hair!
What do you call a horse who likes to carry all the groceries	A one trip pony :D
What's a balloon's least favorite music	Pop.
What does a Canadian get by mixing black and white	Greh.
What do you call a vegetarian	A hopeless romaine-tic
what do you call 6 hwy workers and 6 lesbians on the side of the road	a dozen people that don't do dick.
what has more brains than kurt Cobain	the wall behind him
What did the spoon say when he caught his knife cheating on him	Get the fork outta here!
What would you get if Geddy Lee, Neil Peart and Alex Lifeson all died in a plane crash	Take your time, there's no Rush...
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine	A washing machine doesn't cry when you put a load into it. #bigsorry
What's a Jews favorite beer	Bud Light L'Chaim (Pronounced like Lime, guys)
What noise does a witch make when she's flyin around	BROOM BROOM BROOOOOOOM
What else was the man with two penises thankful for	Being ambidextrous.
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit the frog's finger.
Q: What cows give each other when they meet	A: A milkshake.
What Does A Redneck Call It When He Visits His Cousin Outside His Town	Entering the friend zone.
What are the bouncers called at a gay bar	Flamethrowers.
What does a walrus and tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal.
What's the difference between a penis and a bonus	The wife always blows the bonus.
What does Mr. Kipling do in his spare time	Pumps cream into tarts.
What's the worst way to convince an officer who's pulled you over not to ticket you	You can have my beer if you let me go.
What's the witches favourite pop group	Broomski Beat !
What does one dog say to the other when he just broke up with his girl friend	Go and retrieve her!
What is the difference between a banana and a bell	You can only peel (peal) the banana once.
What do you call your creepy Jewish neighbor	Diddler on the roof.
What's the difference between the cries of a grieving family and reggae music	I would feel awkward dancing to reggae music.
What's pink, bubbling and tapping on glass	a baby in a microwave.
What do you call a person who uses multiple accounts to upvote their own memes	Unidank
What do Baptists and cats have in common	You know they're doing it, you just can't catch them at it.
What can a goose do, that a duck can't, that a lawyer should	Stick his bill up his ass.
What is Zoolander's least favourite sport	Nascar If you can even call it a sport.
What do you call a bell wearing a tutu	A bellerina !
What kind of bikes do girls ride	Menstrual Cycles (I'm 99% sure I made this up!)
What do you call a place showcasing gay people in their natural environment	A queerium
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
What happens when you drink food colouring	You dye a little on the inside.
What do you call a smart blonde	A Golden Retriever
What should you do if you find a 500-pound dog  asleep on your bed	Sleep on the sofa.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
What does a black person get for Christmas	Your bike.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	Nobody will pay money to watch a lentil.
What did the boy monkey say to the girl monkey	You're a prime mate!
What does a Kentucky girl scream while she is having sex	Get off me Pa, you is crushing my cigarettes!
What's got two legs and bleeds	Half a dog
What is an octopus	An eight-sided cat.
What did Hitler say to the student that got a question wrong	That is Nazi answer.
What type of store doesn't move	A stationary store.
What's the difference between a thief and a peeping Tom	Well, a thief snatches watches...
What do you call a horny Donald Trump	President-Erect
What do free masons do when they want to make a frame-by-frame remake of ""Back to the Future""	They Hire 'Em A Biff!
Whats your favorite pickup line	Mine is: I'll give you candy if you get in the van
What's worse than biting an apple and finding a worm	biting an apple and finding half a worm
What do you call a female pilot's vagina	A cock pit.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a Vagina	A vagina is attatched to Bill Clintons wife
What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hairline!
What's the second fastest thing in the world	&gt; Your asshole pinching shut after dropping a deuce. What's *the* fastest thing in the world? &gt; The ice-cold drop of water that gets in first.
What did the Scottish man do when he ran out of pants to wear	He kilt himself
What did the paper clip say to the magnet	I find you very attractive.
What does a fat girl desire but already have	A ten chin
What does a sperm cell have in common with a lawyer	Both have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human being.
What is the worlds friendliest aircraft	A hellocopter!
What happened when the shoe factory burned down	500 soles were lost.
What are the Fine Brothers favorite elements	The noble gases because they don't react
What is the female equivalent of a sausage fest	A clam bake edit: You guys are ridiculous, thanks for the steady stream of laughs
What is the most useful thing in the French Army	A rearview mirror, so that they can see the war!
What's the difference between Ann Coulter and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	We better get some support before they think we're nuts!
What does Dracula say to his victims	It's been nice gnawing you.
What do catholic priests and McDonalds workers have in common	They both put their meat in 10 year old buns.
What do you get when you pour root beer into a square glass	Beer X-post from /r/imsmartandthisisfunny
What do you call three crows	A crowd.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid $40 to watch a garbanzo bean..
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza	Little Ceasars
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife	50 pounds.
What do you call a magic owel	Hoo-Dini!
[NSFW] What goes between boobs, and gets longer the more you pull on it	A seatbelt
What's a French person's favorite video game system	The Wii! (Oui)
What did the kid ask the Pirate	Kid asks, ""Where are your buccaneers?"" Pirate replies, ""They're under my Buccan Hat!
What do you call the hair between grandma's breasts	Her pussy.
What do you call a mexican who lost his car	Carlos
What do you do if you find a black mamba in your toilet	Wait until he's finished.
What are a fedora tipper's three favorite pokemon	M'chop M'choke M'champ
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	Nobody pays to have a garbanzo bean on their face.
What do you call a funny hill	Hilarious ... My little sister told me this and I wasn't expecting it at all. :|
What kind of musical instrument can you use for fishing	The cast-a-net.
What is the Asian firefighter's favorite song	The Sound of Sirens
What's the difference between Reddit and 9Gag	About 5 seconds.
What was the console gamer's New Years Resolution	1280x720
What do Kim Kardashian, and my girlfriend have in common	They're both made up.
What do you get when you hold a mothball in your left hand and a mothball in your right hand	A rather excited moth
What's the difference between Ben Roethlisberger and a therapist	There's a space between the E and the R
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves! Just kidding. I don't know what he got. He hasn't opened it yet.
What do you call a iPhone 6S when its out of memory	Successful. *if u dont get the joke, successful = six-es-ful*
What would you call a set of old school rapper emojis	Em-OGs
What do you call a woman who rents out hot dogs	Lisa Frank
What does a piano, a tuna and a pot of glue have in common	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
what do you call kayne west at a mexican barbecue	Kanye asada.
What did Shakespeare say when Mr. Big proposed to him	Noth
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney	I'm bigger than you!
What do you call a French man wearing sandals	Fillipe F'Lop
What do you call black vegetables	Collard greens
What's the biggest joke of all time	My life. My entire goddamned life.
What does the base-jumping gardener say	GERANIUM!
What is a pirate's favorite letter	A pardon.
What is it like to eat out an old grandma	Depends.
What do I have in common with neutrinos	We are both constantly penetrating your mum.
[NSFW] What do you get when turn three blondes upside down	Two brunettes and a red-head.
What do cows wear when they're vacationing in Hawaii	Moo moos
What has four wheels and flies	My dead grandmother.
What's the difference between an Irish wake and an Irish wedding	One less drunk.
Q: What's musical and handy in a supermarket	A: A Chopin Liszt.
What did the bear do to be labeled a hipster	He hibernated in the summer.
What did the mexican boy say to his mom after he mopped the floors and found his brother	I've cleaned up and found Jesus.
What's a gothic persons blood made of	Emoglobin
What's Iraq's favourite sitcom	Men behaving Baghdadly.
What kind of bees make milk	BOO-BEES!
What's black and smells like people	Black People
What do conspiracy nuts do to fall asleep	They count sheeple.
What the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom	A pick pocket snatches watches
What's good on pizza, but not on pussy	crust.
What did the blind man say when he walked into the fish market	Hello Ladies
What do you call a religiously-praised feces	Holy shit!
What do you call blonde girls in a wrapper	Airheads
What's the top selling book of all time in Korea	101 Ways to Wok Your Dog
What do you do after sodomizing a baldy	Just put them back in the craddle.
What do you call a lesbian ice cream sandwich	A Klondyke bar.
What did the cow say about the beef industry	I've got some steak in it.
What's the fastest way to earn money as a photographer	By selling your camera.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay to have a lentil on my face!
What did the band kid say to the other band kid after she found out he was cheating on her	You double timing son of a bitch!
What do you call a herd of cows in a psychiatrists  office	An encownter group.
What did the amazed Kazakhstani say	That's Astana-shing
What did Palpatine order in the drive thru	Friiiiiiies
What did Dr.Dre say to Lil Wayne	Nothing, you idiots! Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in Eminem's basement!
What kinds of birds are raised by only their mothers	Blackbirds
What do you call your GPS if it has the voice of Terry Crews	Crews Control.
What do you call an expert in psychedelics	A trip advisor.
What's the best and worse thing that your wife can possibly tell you	You have the biggest dick in the entire neighborhood.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get the bat mobile.
What did the annoyed husband tell his wife after she saw elk falling from the sky	*Sigh* That's not elk... That's just reindeer.
What's the difference between a black man and a bench	A bench can support a family of 4.
What's the difference between a Blues musician and a Jazz musician	A blues musician plays 3 chords to audiences of thousands.  A jazz musician plays thousands of chords to audiences of 3
What happened when the Mrs. Smith's truck collided with the Tastykake truck	Pyrex
What's the difference between boogers and broccoli	Kids don't eat broccoli.
What do you say if your peeing in Ireland and spot a leprechaun	Urine luck
What do you call an Asian who breaks a lot of wind	Fa Ting
What kind of underwear does a person wear when buried	Fruit of the tomb
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just killed	Isaac Newton died a virgin.
what was adam's nickname for eve	prime rib
Whats the difference between Zoidburg and Snowden	both accused of treason for expressing their freedom but Zoidburg didn't get his marshmallows!
What's the easiest way to get a little head	The Zika virus.
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon.... and Michael Jackson liked to molest little boys.
What kind of flour is independent	Self-Raising flour.. I'll get my coat.
What do you call the procedure that is done when a woman wants to become a man	An Adadictomy
What are they going to use to build the wall	The bricks that were shat by people when Trump became president.
What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand	You can't gargle sand.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are $1.25 but deer nuts are always under a buck.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dog	Dr.Dre
What do you call a baby pizza with epilepsy	Little Seizures.
What is a vampires favourite type of ship	A blood vessel.
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	...I don't pay 100$ to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a masculine Arab	Protein Sheikh
Whats the difference between acne and the pope	Acne doesn't come on your face till about thirteen.
What gets easier to pick up the more it weighs	Women.
What kind of drink does a ghetto drinks	A GHETTOrade
What's the difference between feminism and a $100 bill	A $100 bill makes change
What musician has the hardest instrument to play	A Tromboner.
What does an academic call masturbation	His seminal work.
What did the mathematician do when he was constipated	He worked it out with a pencil...
What bird has wings but cannot fly	Roast turkey !
What did the leper says to the prostitute	You can keep the tip
What's brown and sits on a piano bench	Beethoven's Last Movement.
What do you call a girl who only likes guys with big muscles	A Biceptual
What did the kid with no arms and legs get for christmas	...Nothing, because he was jewish.
What do you calls a life insurance agent ripe with flesh eating bacteria	A lepper-con
What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped prison	A small medium at large.
What did the baby chick say when he saw his mother sitting on an orange	'Dad dad look what marma-laid' !
What do you call a cute girl in an Amish church	A visitor.
what do you call a deer without eyes	no eyedeer..
What's the difference between a drummer and a drum machine	With a drum machine you only have to punch the instructions in once
What does a belt like to do	Getting Waisted
What does a sock taste like	Defeat
What do you call a chicken with lettuce on its eyes	Chicken Ceasar salad.
What happens when you throw a hand grenade into a kitchen	Well, the mess is the same but the annoying jabbering stops.
What did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor...	Make me one with everything.
What do you call a poo which still remains after flushing	An **UFO** - **U**nflushable **F**loating **O**bject
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve	...Christopher Walken
What did the boner say to the olympic swimmer	Dont be so Hard-on yourself the embarassment will only last a few months!
What cheese can never be yours	Nacho cheese.
What do you call a person who's happy on a Monday	Unemployed.
What do you call a Mexican prostitute that doesn't charge	Frijole.
What do you get when you cross a pickle with a deer	A dill doe.
What's it called when a cow kills itself	Mooicide ...Okay, fine, I'll leave...
What do gyms and prisons have in common	They both have ripped assholes
What does a pedophile order when he goes to a cannibal restaurant	Eh, just something off the kids menu.
What does a crow call his penis	His CAWk.
What kind of soda did Moses drink	Mountain Jew!
What do you call a confused Asian	Disoriental.
What bounces and makes kids cry	My donation cheque to ""Children in Need"".
What do you call an Irishman with a dangerous bacterial infection	A leperchaun! :D
what's brown and sticky	a stick.
What drink did the vampire order at the bar	A blood-light
What was the deaf mans favorite song	The Sound of Silence.
What did the Atlantic Ocean say to the Indian Ocean	You need to be more Pacific. *cymbal clash*
What's the difference between American and Muslim teenage girls	It's illegal to fuck American girls when they're 12.
What's the worst thing about having sex with 22 year olds	?? There's 20 of them.
What do you call a group of people addicted to Japanese drugs	We abuse
What's gay unless you're Chinese	A bro-job.
What do you call it when a golfer misses the hole	Fore-play
What's the difference between a drunk driver, and a stoned driver	The drunk driver will drive right through a stop sign. The stoned driver will stop and wait for it to turn green.
What kind of gum do bees chew	BUMBLEGUM. Five year olds think it's hilarious. I do not.
What's an Australian Kiss	A French kiss down under ;) *first post here, a coworker of mine told me the joke. Go easy :)*
What do you call a poem about flour that does not rhyme	Gluten freeverse
What's the difference between an attorney and a herd of buffalo	The attorney charges more.
What do you call a British circle jerk	A Union Jack.
What do you call a Private Investigator who is bad at his job	A Defective!
What do you call ISIS after it has been completely destroyed	WASWAS!
What does a parent say to their boy who keeps missing the toilet	Urine trouble.
What does a girl who loves giving head eat for breakfast	scrotemeal
What do you call a rigged carnival	An UnFair.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A Fsh.
What did the cannibal say after eating a leper	That just fell apart in my mouth!
What was the hardest part of being happy in the 1920's	Telling your parents you're gay.
What's the difference between a New Yorker and a Canadian	A New Yorker takes the A train; a Canadian takes the train, eh.
What do walruses and tupperware have in common	They're both looking for a tight seal.
What's the worst part about swim-up bars	The watery stools
What does the Pope dip his chips in	Holy Guacamole
What do you do with a sick chemist	If you can't helium, and you can't curium, then you might as well barium.
What happens when two lesbians build a house	It's all tongue and groove, and no stud inside.
Whats a Porn Stars Favorite Drink	7up in cider.
What do you call a Mexican Juggalo	A Faygo Diego
What's the most assigned elementary school essay in Chicago	What I want to be *IF* I grow up
What does a white supremacist eat on their birthday	........ A KKKake. I'll just see myself out now.
What does Tim Cook have for breakfast in the morning	Not Apple Jacks
What is the volume of Monica Lewinsky's mouth	About one U.S Leader.
What do you call a slutty housewife	A dirty dishwasher.
What do you get if cross two young dogs with a pair of headphones	Hush puppies !
What do you call a planned organised rebellion gone wrong	A ""coup d'isaster"".
What animal is best at hitting a baseball	A bat!
what's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub	a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.
What's the difference between my 83-year old grandfather and /r/jokes	My grandfather doesn't have Alzheimers.
What does the average Alabama football player get on his SATs	Drool
What did the baker name her dog	Pido.
What's a moo hoo for a cow barn on a holiday	A merry dairy!
What's the difference between a small child and a gorilla	People actually care if a gorilla dies.
What's Harry Potter's favorite way of getting down a hill	Walking Hahahah jk Rolling
What do you call an abortion at Hogwarts	*Avada kedavra!*
What do you call a cow with no legs	A cow with no legs of course. HA got heeem.
What do you call a groan-inducing, kindergarten-level pun	Top post on /r/Jokes.
What did Ryu say when I asked if I could have some of his food	***SHORYUKEN***
What is a Muslim who works at Starbucks called	A Terrista
What do you call a donkey throwing nuts	An astronaut.
What's the oldest age that a boy can have a circumcision	I just want to know the cutoff date.
What do cows that are stoners say	420 graze it
What's the hardest thing about roller-blading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What are two letters a Brit can't live without	T and Qs.
What does your mom and a 4-stroke engine have in common	They're both usually busy doing one of the following: sucking, squeezing, banging, blowing.
What do you call someone who randomly shows up and drinks your alcohol	Bill Murray.
What do you call a mexican on amphetamines	Speedy Gonzales.
What's the difference between a boomerang and my father	the boomerang came back ='(
What do you call the death of the Trilobites	An Epoch fail!
What country has many sugar	sweetzerland
What's the do a girlfriend and an ice cream cone have in common	The ones that are hot don't last as long
What do you call the parents of a cat	His PURR-ents
What kind of drink would a lollipop make	Sucker punch.
What did the Israelite say to the american when offering him a drink	Here, try this, Israeli refreshing!
What's Michael Jackson's favorite thing about twenty-eight year olds	There's 20 of them.
What's invisible and smells like bananas	....Monkey farts
What does Trump say when he can't find his Viagra	This erection is rigged
What was Abraham Lincoln's seating preference	Not John Wilkes Booth!
What do you call a Mexican Miget	A paragraph Cause he's to small to be an esse
What does a fat person, a match, and a phone have in common	Cellulite.
What type of pants does Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What do gay horses eat	Horse cock
What do you call a Jewish vampire	Nosferajew!
What are 3 words that men hate during sex	*""Honey*, I'm home!
What do you call a black woman on the moon	An astronaut.
What is the most popular kids show in the Middle East	Dora the EXPLODER
What did Louis say to Clark	Suck this mcdoubledaw dick nyuggahahahahaha /buh dum tiss
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	The fridge doesn't fart when you pull out the meat.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light-bulb	You can un-screw the light-bulb
What's the difference between Futurama and One Direction	There's only one Bender in Futurama
What do you call an inexperienced Egyptian God	Anoobis
What's better than four roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ
What do they call mosquitoes in Pakistan	Churchitoes
What makes a salami excited	When the ham is cured!
What is The Mountain's favorite tri-cep workout	(Spoilers) Skull crushers
What is Bruce Wayne's favorite religious health food	Christian Kale
What Operating System does a Redditor use	Fedora Linux!
What do salads and Mexicans have in common	They both benefit America!
What do you get when you cross a baseball with a turkey	A fowl ball!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin mobile
What kind of Asian dish takes away your freedoms	Kung Pao Chicken
What did Putin say when the world got mad at him for invading the Ukraine	Cri-me-a river!
Whats would happens if you added Hillary Clinton and the USA and subtracted an A	I dont know but it would be Hillary Us.
What's the difference between... a G-Spot and a golf ball	A man will actually search for a golf ball.
What do you get when you combine human DNA with a goats	kicked out of the petting zoo...
What did the Jewish lesbian say to her girlfriend before taking her virginity	L'hymen
What's a woman who always knows where her husband is	A widow.
What did the dick say to the balls	Hang out here while I go inside.
What's a pervert's favorite train stop	Molestation
What do you feed a fat vampire	One stake should be enough
What's a priests least favorite thing about New Years	The balls drop.
What are the two problems Donald Trump is currently being treated for	1) Electile Dysfunction and 2) Premature Congratulations.
What is the advantage that Mexican workers have over everyone else	Their ""Senor""ity!
What happens when the smog rises in Los Angeles...	. . . . UCLA.
What do you call it when you're trying to find out what someone had for lunch	An ingestigation
What TV personality lives in your phone	SIM Card-ashian! (it might help if you say it out loud)
What do you call a nun on a bicycle	virgin mobile
What was Bernie Sander's favorite topic in mathematics	Radicals. He loved finding the ""root"" of problems...
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine	They both drip when they're fucked.
What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza	A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call an excited rectangle	An erectangle.
What do you call a stampede of mexicans running away from a snake	**Hiss**-panic
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you're forced to have it as a child, you're not going to like it as an adult.
What do you call a fake piece of spagetti	An impasta
What do you get when you cross a dog and a frog	A dog who can lick himself from across the room
What does it mean when a groundhog sees a maple leaf on feb. 02	...six more weeks of bad hockey!
What does the rude barista say to the customer in a coffee shop	I can't decide whether you are a fruitcake or a doughnut!
What does the atheist say when he arrives at the Pearly Gates	I'll be goddamned.
What did the necrophiliac get after his wife died	Mourning wood.
What's blue and smells like red painting	Blue painting
What did the tampon tell the other tampon	Nothing, both were stuck up bitches.
What is the official ice cream flavor of the Academy Awards	Vanilla, because it's all white.
What's a pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken Chest with no booty
What do you call a pig in a trailer	Pulled pork!
What do Congressional Republicans and ISIS in Afghanistan have in common	. Their first act since arriving was to go after the elderly.
What's going on under there	Nobody has to know but you. - Poncho salesman
What do you call a T-Rex with a bomb strapped to it's chest	Dinomite
What do you call an Arab oil baron with Parkinson's	Sheik Shake
What's the proper procedure when witnessing someone having a seizure in a bathtub	Sprint to your room, grab all the dirty clothes you can, and start saving money on laundry.
What happens to illegally parked frogs	They get toad away.
What do you call a prepubescent rapist	... a smooth criminal.
whats 72	? Q: What's 72? A: 69 with three people watching.
What is bruce lee's favourite drink	A fruit punch.
What kind of condoms do frogs wear	Rib-bed
What small plant is used in war	The millitree.
What do you call a lazy immigrant	A United States citizen
What did the hat say to the coat stand	You stay here, I'll go on a head.
What's the difference between a hooker and Jesus	The look on their face when you're nailing them.
What do you call a Greek virgins anus	A loophole Credit to Doug Benson
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you had them as a child, you probably won't like them as an adult!
What is the name of Woody Woodpecker's girlfriend	Suzie Splintercunt.
What did the Catholic baker say after baking the Easter Eucharist	He is risen.
What are Tony Montana's favourite trousers	Alpine Chinos
What's the difference between a princess and a witch	2 years of marriage.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaayaaaaay!
What's the best way to get a Jewish girl's number	Roll up her sleeve.
What do you tell someone you didn't see at New Year's Eve	I haven't seen you for a year!
What is the difference between a baby and a feminist	The baby grows up and learns to stop crying.
What's the capital of Greece	The G
What has two wings and a halo	A Chinese man on a phone,""wing, wing, herrooo?"" God I love this joke
What's it called when a blonde dyes her hair brunette	Artificial Intelligence.
What do fat people wipe their butts with	Toilet paper.
What's an oldie, but a goodie	A MILF's vagina.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur	A tyrano-snore-us rex.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef What do you call a cow with 3 legs? Lean Beef What do you call a cow with 2 legs? Your mother
Q: What do you say to a twenty ton dinosaur with headphones on	A: Anything you want. He can't hear you.
What did you say to the policeman who spent  eight hours on the Internet	Oh give it arrest.
What do you call a discounted circumcision	A rip off
What's the correct what to enter a Henry VIII convention	You just Amblein.
What do you call a black man on the moon	An Astronaut you fucking racist.
What is the Speed of Darkness	... ... Batman!
What's the difference between a pot head and a person who physically abuses children	One is good at rolling blunts, the other is good at bowling runts.
What did the bobby (English policeman) say to the hitchhiker with three heads, no arms and one leg	'Ello 'ello 'ello, you look 'armless, 'op in.
Q:What did one plate say to the other plate	A:('Lunch is on me!')
What did the janitor say when he came out of the closet	SUPPLIES!
What does a Knight do at night	Nighty Night
What's the most redundant sentence you can come up with	-department of redundancy department
What do the U.S.S. Enterprise and Toilet Paper have in common	They both wipe out Klingons.
What do you call 1000 Jews on a train	It doesn't matter, they're never coming back.
What do you call a stand-up comedian with no legs	A prop comic
What do you get when you kiss a canary	Chirpes. It can't be tweeted because it's a canarial disease.
What's black and got ten arms	I've got no idea, but it probably can pick cotton like hell.
What do you call a homosexuals hand when he masturbates	What do you call a homosexuals palm when he masturbates? His right-hand man.....
What is the difference between a Chicken and a Prostitute	The Chicken says ""Cockadoodaldoo"" The Prostitute says ""Any COCK will do
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	A Jew is a person who follows Judaism, and pizza is a food... I bet you expected a Holocaust joke. Jew thought wrong.
What does a gay mans penis taste like	Shit!
What did aged mother cheddar say to her son the day of school photos	Looking sharp.
What will they now use on photos for LGBT magazines	an airbroosh
What do you call it when a cremated person spins in their grave	An Urn-ado.
What did Carlos the fireman name his twin newborn sons	Jose and Hose B.
What do you call an elephant that can't do  sums	Dumbo !
What do you get if you cross a black person with an octopus	I don't know but it would be excellent at picking cotton.
What did the ocean said to the shore	Nothing, it just waved.
What's the difference between mono and herpes	You get mono from snatching a kiss........
What is a Jewish person's favorite job	A lox-smith
What do you call something with no body and a nose	Nobody knows!
What would happen if the BLM people became white lives matter	They would finally be right.
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	Telling your parents that you're gay
What do you get when you kill a body of water in a comic book	A Deadpool.
What's the worst thing you could possibly hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What do you call an Austrian woman's undergarments	A Freudian Slip.
What do you use to make boot soup	Birkenstock
What do you call a dim witted hooker	A slow poke.
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death	Isaac Newton died a virgin. Repost.
What kind of sound does a whorn make	A prostitoot.
What did Sting get in Amsterdam	A massage in a brothel
What do pizzas and parents have in common	If they are black, you've got nothing to eat.
What did the gassy mummy say to the other gassy mummy	We have toots in common
What is the difference between a stalking African Pygmy and a jogging Jane Fonda	One of them is a cunning runt.
What is black and white and black and white and black and white	A Newcastle fan rolling down a hill!
What console does god use	Praystation
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virginia mobile
What concert costs 45 cents	Fifty Cent and Nickleback
What did the monkey say when he put his tail on the railroad tracks	It's won't be long now!
What do you call it when wolves get bad breath	Howl-itosis.
What is the only feeling that's worse than sitting on a cold toilet seat	Sitting on a warm one.
What's the difference between rearranging your schedule and getting to second base with an ex-girlfriend	One is playing with your priorities, the other is playing with prior titties!
What did one Viking war paint say to the other	Poly, you're a Thane.
What's the difference between a dept. store Santa and a male prostitute	I've never been employed as a dept. store Santa.
What's grey and wrinkly and jumps every  twenty seconds	An elephant with hiccups !
What do you call a group of singing people floating around in the ocean	An acappellago
What's the fastest game in the world	Pass the Parcel in a Belfast Pub.
What do Germans call their own EasyMac	Mein Kraft
What is the Pope's favorite breakfast	Eggs Benediction.
What's the difference between plants and black men	Cells are found inside plants.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit	(NSFW) At least a zit waits you're a teenage boy before it cums on your face.
What's a cherry's favorite sex position	on top
[OC] What's Elton John's favorite kind of conditioner	Levon.
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down a bitches throat.
What do you do with a dog that doesn't have any legs	You take him for a drag.
What do they serve you in a Viatnamese McDonalds	NAMburgers
What do you call breakfast	Breaking fast yooo!
What do you call a religious pediatrician	A pedotrician.
What time does Sean Connery leave to go to Wimbledon	Tennish.
What did one nihilistic dolphin say to the other	What is life without a porpoise?
What are some good conversation starter jokes you can think of	Just some light jokes with bit of humor . Nothing too dark.
What do you get the girl who has everything	Penicillin.
What's half of 8	5. The other half is 3.
What kind of sweets do trucks like	Lorrypops.
What's so bad about being a dick	Your closest mates are 2 nuts and an ass hole your master covers you in a plastic bag And every time you get excited you spew.
What's accounting	Something Italians learn in preschool.
What do you call a thief running down your stairs	A condescending con descending.
Q: What did the lightbulb say to its mother	A: I wuv you watts and watts.
What did the lawyer say to the other lawyer	we are both lawyers
What do you call a dating app for neckbeards	Tipper.
What do you get when you run a canary over with the lawnmower	Shredded tweet.
What was Hitler's favorite animal	Da cow
What's the difference between a pirate and a necrophiliac	I'm not sure, but they both go out with shovels to find the booty.
What did the asian couple name their black baby	Sum sing wong
What do you call a piece of poo that assualts you in the ocean	A shart attack
What is green, sings and can be found in the fridge	Elvis Parsley
What did Pat Benatar say to the kid throwing cereal at her	Stop using Chex as a weapon!
What's with everyone being scared of clowns recently	Americas already got two running for president.
What's the first thing a Navy wife does when she wakes up in the morning	She puts her clothes back on and goes home.
What's Trump's favorite type of nut	A walnut.
What do you call a man with his arm up a horses butt	An Amish mechanic.
What did the koalas say after getting in a fender bender	Eucalyptus.
What do pirates use telephones for	Booty call
What do you call an octopus that fights sharks	An octobrave. I'm sorry.
What is worse than finding 100 dead babies in a trash bin	Finding 1 dead Baby in 100 trash bins.
What do you call a police officer that doesn't get out of bed	An under cover cop.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't
What does an existentialist bully say	Quit being yourself, quit being yourself!
What do you say when your girlfriend accuses you of being an ass man	I'm anything but.
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by it's diameter	Pumpkin Pi.
What's six feet tall , silver and stands at the end of kids beds	Gary Glitters boots.
Q: What is blue, green, red, yellow, purple, orange, black, brown, and gray	A: A box of crayons.
What's the best part about going in without a condom	The abortion.
What is the hardest part about your wife telling you she has AIDS	Acting surprised.
What is a ducks drug of choice	Quack.
What's the best way to make an egg roll	You push it! I deserve salmonella for even posting this...
What did the blonde haired, blue eyed soldier become when he left the army	A veteran aryan.
What do you call a python with a great  bedside manner	A snake charmer !
What is the temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke warm
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club	The circus has a bunch of cunning stunts...
What do Catholics priests and Justin Beiber have in common	They're both fucking immature arseholes.
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne waits until a boy is at least 14 before coming on his face.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters	Orange Is The New Black!
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters	Orange Is The New Black.
What really ticks people off	Time bombs.
What Do You Call a Romantic Basketball Player	Love Shaq
What happened to Donald Trump when he travelled to Switzerland	He Felt the Bern
What do politicians and sperm have in common	About 1 in every 600 million has a chance of becoming a human.
What do you call 50 feminists on a bus	Trick Question. You can't fit 50 feminists on a bus.
What's the worst advice you could give an actor right before an audition	Just go in there and be yourself.
What do you call an aroused eskimo dwarf	A frigid midget with a rigid digit.
What do you call the headquarters of an organization of space terrorists	ISISISS
What do skeletons order at restaurants	Spare ribs.
Q: What did the emu say to the nurse	A: Mend her bones or walk the plank
What is the difference between Donald and a peace of sh..	NOTHING....!!!
What did King Trident say when he stepped in the whale poop	OH CARP!!!
What's worse than finding a sack of spider eggs in your room	Finding a sack of hatched spider eggs in your room
What does Santa and his elves listen to in their Christmas workshop	WRAP MUSIC!
What is a Germans favorite letter	I don't know but it's Nazi.
What do you get if you cross a parrot with a  woodpecker	A bird that talks in morse code !
what do you call a rock group with no bassist, drummer, singer or guitarist	Mount Rushmore
What did the cow is standing all alone in a field say	Where are the udders? (Thanks to my three boys for that one!)
Whats the difference between a rooster and a whore	A rooster says cock-a-doodle-do and a whore says any-cock'll-do
What is a printer's favorite Village People song	YMCK
Whats a motivational word for a gopher	Gopher' it.
What kind of bees produce milk	Boo-bees !
What is the difference between outlaws and in-laws	Outlaws are wanted.
What was Bob the Builder called after he retired	Bob.
What happens when you double park your frogs	They get toad!
What do you call really clear urine	1080p
What do you call a Mexican wrestler that only fights during his 12:00 break	A lunchador.
What do you call a cow... What do you call a cow with two legs	Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. What do you call a cow with epilepsy? Beef Jerky.
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breathe through that little thing?!
What do you call a person who calls themselves gay when they mean happy	A homophony.
What's an Irish Seven Course Dinner	A boiled potato and a six-pack of Guinness Stout.
What do you get if you cross a bunch of flowers with a burglar	Robbery with violets !
What do you call a supernatural being that only grants wishes to men	A miso-genie!
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer	One sells watches and one watches cells. Credit to DBZ. Edit: Not sure why this auto flared to religion....
What do you call a German barber	Herr Kutz (This was funnier when I was half asleep this morning)
What did Jesus say to Mohammed...	What did Jesus say to Mohammed? 'I died for you' What did Mohammed say in return? 'How many did you take with you?'
What did the pirate with the steering wheel in his pants say	Argh it's driving me nuts!
What's the most unfortunate name a prisoner can have	Neil.
What do you call a Norwegian prostitute	A fjord escort.
What do you call a gay chickpea	A hummussexual.
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a pile of dead babies	Oh wait, I don't have a garage. Sorry neighbor I'll clean them out tomorrow.
What do Pedophiles hand out after dinner	Under eights
What do you call a Cult that is hard to get into	Difficult
What does a spanglish speaking chicken say when it's sorry	I apollogize.
What's the difference between a baloon and a condom	When a balloon pops - there's one less. When a condom pops - there's one more. Or more.
What crime did the man get charged with when he killed a black man	Impersonating a police officer.
What's the difference between a very old shaggy Yeti and a dead bee	One's a seedy beast and the other's a deceased bee.
What goes in big and hard and comes out soft and soggy	Bubble gum.
What does Hillary Clinton use to drown the noise of Black Lives Matter protesters	White noise
What do you get when you cross the CIA with information about it	****
Whats long and black	the unemployed line.
What's the difference between kindergarteners and /r/Jokes	Kindergarteners are creative.
What do you call a model flying an airplane full of animals	Zoolander
What do you call a happy penguin	A pengrin!
What is the definition of a caterpillar	A worm in a fur coat !
What's the difference between a tiger  and a lion	A tiger has the mane part missing !
What's the worst thing you can do to a blind man	Leave the plunger in the toilet
What's the difference between a slut and a bowling ball	Nothing....you find them both in an alley, finger the holes, throw them in the gutter, and they keep coming back.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She choked. Edit: Think LONG and HARD about it.
What is the fastest speed a woman can go	68, because when she turns 69 she blows a rod.
What do a necrophiliac and an alcoholic have in common	Every night they pop open a cold one.
What's brown and sticky	Muhammed Ali opening a can of coke
What shape does a muppet follow when throw through the air	Pa-Ra-Bo-La (do doooo do dodo)
what do you call a sleeping dinosaur	do you think he saurus
What's the only thing in Australia that won't kill you	Old Age
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza	Little Caesars
What does a man with a 12 inch penis have for breakfast	this morning I had bacon and eggs.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman	The Dark Knight rises.
What does an empathetic kleptomaniac do in an argument	He puts himself in the other person's shoes and then walks away.
What does Father Christmas call that reindeer with no eyes	No-eyed-deer!
What kind of girls date firefighters	Hose.
What's the diffrence between a Chickpea and a Gorbanzo bean	I woun't pay a 100 bucks for a Gorbanzo bean on my face.
What do you get if you stick ur finger up a moderators ass	[DELETED]
What do you call a fish out of water	Dry! As told by my 3 year old son.
What's your grandma's favourite social media	Instagran
What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung	Guardians of the Galaxy!
What gives a ghost the right to haunt people	A haunting license
What's the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory	Two test tickles.
What is the most popular dating website in the south	Ancestry.com
What's the difference between mathematicians and Syrian refugees	Mathematicians don't struggle with integration.
Whats the difference between a Jew and a vending machine	What's the difference between a Jew and a vending machine? Vending machines give you your change back.
What's green and eats nuts	Syphilis. BTW. I know this is not a medially accurate joke
What's the worst part of... About locking your keys in your car outside the abortion clinic	Going in to ask for at coat hanger.
What can you get off with your finger that you can't get off with steel wool	Your girlfriend.
What do you call an addiction to dead black people	Negrophelia.
What's the difference between your girlfriend on her period and a terrorist	You can negotiate with a terrorist.
What is the definition of torque	When you wake up in the morning with an erection so stiff, that when you bend it down to take a leak, your legs kick back and you hit your head on the toilet.
whats the difference between the USA and a yogurt	If you leave a yogurt unwatched for 500 years it will develop its own culture.
What do you call a moody bear	A bi-polar bear.
What should you do if you get lots of e-mails saying 'What's up Doc	What's up Doc?' Check for bugs in your system.
What serious crime has Michelle Obama done	Fucking a monkey! Beastiality is still illegal in most states!
What do a politician and a sperm have in common	One in thousnads has a chance to e a human being. ~Edit: I edited the title.
What do a 275lb white lady and a 275lb cinder block have in common	A Mexican is going to lay them one day
What is metallic and if enters through your eye can kill you	A train
What is the hardest part about firing a black man	Waiting for him to show up.
What do you call Mike Tyson on drugs	Methed Up
What do you call a fire on the beach	Bernie Sanders
what do Nazis drive	Auchwhips
What's the shortest way to the front page	Up vote to find out.
What do you call it when your Arab parents disaprove of your girlfriend	Harambe
What does a Trumpie say when they see video of Trump saying the N-word	I can't believe how racist Shillary is for showing this video.
What did the 7-Eleven employee say to his wife after sex	Thank you, cum again.
What's the difference between a female and a freezer	A freezer doesn't scream when you put your meat into it!
What do you call a dog without front legs	Chester.
What kind of tape do kidnappers use	abDUCT tape
What do you call a short physic that has escaped from jail	A small medium at large
What's the only thing better than roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ.
What's the most useless thing about a knife	The 'K'
What did the passive aggressive raven say to Edgar Allen Poe	...ugh nevermind
What's the difference between a black man and a white man in the US	A white man makes it to prison.
What's the difference between a dog and a cyclist	When you run over a dog you don't have to go back and get the GoPro.
What kind of noodles do they eat in the hood	Spaghetto.
Whats an iPhone 7's favorite brand of frozen pizza	Not Jack's.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	a Lickalotopuss
What kind of poker do stoner cows play	High Steaks
Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The Wheelchair (Dont hate me)
What do you call an Asian flying a plane	A pirate.
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest	A suicide vest actually accomplishes something after it's triggered.
What do you call slapping hands with (5^.5+1)/2	A high phive! I'll see myself out now.
What's the difference between a fedora clad Brony and an egg	The egg gets laid!
What do Viagra and Disney World have in common	A one-hour wait for a two-minute ride
What's the difference between blacks and cancer cells	Cancer cells can get Jobs.
What kind of quack doctor prescribes an odd number of pills for OCD	!
What do you call the annual cat beauty pageant	The adora-bowl.
What do Hillary Clinton and The Queen have in common	..... They're both hated by republicans
What's black and screaming	Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What insect runs away from everything	A flee !
What did the german with food allergies say	Gluten Nacht
What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her pants	Self-employed
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph. He's too short to be an ese
What's a grammar teacher's favorite dessert	SYNONYM ROLLS!
What do you call 'looking for a Korean'	Seoul searching
What kind of bagel can fly	A plane bagel!
What does a rock do all day	Nothing. (this joke was made by daughter when she was 5)
What do you call it when you build a second portal on minecraft	Anether(another) Nether
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	You may have to give me a few minutes to get hard, I just got laid this morning.
What did the stoner say to his girlfriend	We'd be good together.
What's the most common time to see the dentist	Two Thirty.
What cheese do you use to get a bear out of a tree	Camembert!
What did the tv say to the remote control	you turn me on
What do cubs fans do after they win the world series	They turn off their Xbox.
What concert tickets should cost $0.45	50 cent feat. Nickelback :P
What are Jews better at that anyone else	Concentration
What do you call a Korean bulldog	*buldogi*
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I dont jelly my dick down your throat.
What is the difference between a bowling ball and a sorority girl	You can only fit 3 fingers in a bowling ball
What do you get if you pour boiling water  down rabbit holes	Hot cross bunnies !
What has 40 teeth and holds a monster at bay	My zipper.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	you can't jelly your dick down someone's throat
What is the principle argument for a complex pirate	Arg!
What did Aslan tell Lucy about the Witch and the Wardrobe	It's Narnia business.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock down your throat!
What do you call a blonde between two brunettes	A mental block.
What's the only major difference between Cinco de Mayo and Saint Patrick's day	Nobody wants to pretend to be a Mexican for a day.
What's the difference between USA and USB	One has standards
What do silicon and my ex girlfriend have in common	the resistance of both drop when doped.
What's the oldest red wine in America	Give us back our land!
[Offensive] what did the Native Indian girl say while she was having sex	You're crushing my smokes dad.
What do you feed an autistic donkey	Ass burgers
What kind of cheese did Medusa eat	Gorgon zola.
What do you call a woman with only one leg	Eileen.
What two games does Carl Sagan play at the bar	Billiards and Billiards
What do you call a disabled paedophile	A creepy crawler
What do you get if you cross a dog and a sheep	A sheep that can round itself up !
What do you call an exploding box	Your new Note 7 package
What do Japanese Kids, Chinese Democracy and German Humor have in common	All are equally oxymoronic.
What do you call a group that keeps getting bigger	A crew.
What do you call it when President Obama and Joe Biden talk shop over a nice dinner	A government man-date. Boom. I'll be here all night.
Q: What insect is good at math	A: An account-ant.
What's the atheist's view on God	Nahweh.
What is like tomato but better	DD-WRT
What black and yellow and makes you laugh when it goes off a cliff	A school bus full of black people (Sorry for racism, it is just a joke, nothing personal)
What comes between fear and sex	Funf.
What position would Obama be if he played football	The half-black
What comes between fear and sex	Funf!
What do you call a neolithic taking a walk	A meanderthal
What's angry, fluffy and destructive and gathers inside stringed instruments	Violint
What did Matthew McConaughey say to DiCaprio about his chances of winning the Oscars this year	It's a fugazi.
What is the difference between a terrorist training camp and a Pakistani elementary school	I don't know, I just fly the drones.
What do you call presents after you've opened them	Pasts
What do you do when your mother-in-law is swaying towards you	You pull the trigger again.
What do you call a Mexican Baptism	Bean Dip.
What's the difference between a terrorist training facility and a preschool	How the fuck should I know, I'm just the drone pilot.
What's black and white and red all over	A penguin with a rash.
What do you call a black-white-black-white.... What do you call a black-white-black-white-black	A nun falling off the stairs!! A really old one there.
What do you call a self absorbed lobster	A little shellfish! I'll^see^myself^out...
What do you call a wizard that puts people to sleep	Dumblebore
What do you call Shaka Zulu with a Fire Cracker	BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!
What are the two types of people who love the words ""Who, what, when, where and why	English teachers and Alzheimer's patients
What is hard, long, and full of seamen	A submarine
What kind of rodent DDOS attacks Al Queda's Twitter account	An anonimouse
what do you call the study of color	cyance
What's the difference between an onion and a woman	I cry when I cut open an onion
What kind of pants do you buy for your pet Chihuahua	Shorts!
What's the difference between 10 dead hookers and a Porsche	I *don't* have a Porsche in my garage.
What has 6 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet	The Boston marathon finish line.
What does walking a tight rope and receiving a blow job from your mother-in-law have in common	In both cases it is strongly advisable to not look down
What's the difference between a gay guy and freezer	A freezer doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it.
Q: What do you call a cute little animal you keep in your automobile	A: A carpet.
What did they call the canary that flew into the  pastry dish	Tweetie Pie !
What are your best 'no arm, no legs' jokes	What do you call a man with no arms and no legs on his porch? Matt.
What is the holiest chord	G sus
Whats a mexicans favorite type basketball	Juan on Juan
What do test tube babies do on mothers day and father's day	They cry
What do toys and boobs have in common	They were both originally made for kids, but dad ends up playing with them!
What kind of shoes does Solid Snake wear	Sneakers. Huehuehue.
What do you call a pig with three eyes	...A piiig
What did the little cloud say about the big cloud	I think you're condensating for something.
What's pun plus pun	Poo
What's black on top and white on the bottom	rape
What do monkeys sing at Christmas	Jungle Bells Jungle bells.. !
What's the temperate inside of a ton-ton	What's the temperature inside of a ton-ton? Lukewarm.
What do you call a woman drowning in money	Rich... Also an ambulance.
What's the difference between a physicist and an engineer A physicist says ""E = mc^2"", an engineer asks ""How much mass we talkin	
What do you call a racist shark	Great Whitey
What do you call an Anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese! -From *Cedar Rapids* the movie
What do you like, mom	Son: Mom why is my cousin named Jasmine? Mom: Because your aunt likes flowers. Son: Mom what do you love? Mom: Dick, stop asking so many questions.
Q: What do lead trumpet players use for birth  control	A: Their personality.
What is a Redneck virgin	A 7-year-old that can run faster than her brothers!
What do you call a nosy pepper	A pepper that gets jalapeno business!
What does the hippie bum say when you tell him he can no longer sleep on your couch	Namaste
What did Clint Eastwood say before firing up the ceramic bowl he made in pottery class	Go ahead, bake my clay. *walks away slowly*
what do bieber and grumpy cat have in common	What do bieber and grumpy cat have in common? They are both pussies who were discovered on the internet.
what do bad sex and the heimlich maneuver have in common	Both start out with lots of excitement, but then everyone is just relieved when its over
What's Jerry Sandusky's favorite football position	Tight end
What does a Spanish dog say at the marina	Bark-o.
What does a bodybuilder do while waiting in a long line	Weights
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your whole day, while anal sex makes your hole weak.
What's the worst thing about getting bitten by a poisonous spider	You're probably Australian. EDIT: I mean venomous, not poisonous. I am sorry
What's the rule for Twitter crushes	So far I'm in love with 800 women, 2 dudes, and a llama. Send condoms.
Whats the worst the thing about having to attend a funeral	The guest of honor always shows up late!
What did the magician say when he a did a magic trick on the spaghetti	Pesto chango
What did the cashier say after handing down a wad of currency to Dracula	Count Dracula.
What did the Eskimo say about the interface on his new iphone	It was counter-inuitive.
What should you never say to a brony	Hello
Q: What did Boris Yelstin say when asked if meeting Clinton made want to convert Russia to the type of government they have in America	A: ""Never! I'm not going to let my wife run the country!!
What's the difference between pickled ginger and a pressure washer	One is a palate cleanser, the other is a pallet cleanser.
What would happen if James Bond took Viagra	He would continue to be a state-sponsored terrorist whose actions disgrace us all.
What is the drunkest animal in Antarctica	A Pengwine. That's a /u/amanescape original. I can show myself out.
Whats the difference between pork and beef	Once fucking someone and the other one if fucking someone over
What's green and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels...
What did the Mexican fire chief call his two sons	jose and josB (Hose A &amp; Hose B)
What do you get when you cross Jesus with a dinosaur	A velocirapture
What is the difference between a dead hooker and an onion	You cry when you cut up the onion.
What's the biggest difference between an oral and rectal thermometer	The taste.
What's 12 inches long, stiff, full of sperm and can make a girl scream	The sock under my bed. (I don't remember where I heard it. Can't claim ownership.)
What do you call cheese that isn't yours	Nacho Cheese!!
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	A porcupine keeps its pricks on the OUTSIDE
What's yellow and flys through walls	A magic banana...
Q: What did one strawberry say to the other strawberry	A: If you hadn't been so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!
Q: What is the definition of Death	A: When you stop paying taxes suddenly.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It does not matter the dog is not coming
What do you call a pizza who's a DJ	DJ Beazza Yes it's a stupid pun, but that's a good 50% of my humor, the other half being sarcasm.
What does the cannibal think after seeing a wheelchair user	Meals on Wheels
What technique does a prisoner use when coloring a picture	Cell shading.
Q: What is a blonde's definition of a naval destroyer	A: A hula hoop with a nail in it.
What did the dog say to the other dog at the party	Raise the woof!
What's the difference between you and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What Do You Call A Bad Mexican Restaurant	Shitpotle
Whats the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of dead babies	You cant unload the bowling balls with a pitchfork!
What's a terrorists favorite sports team	The new York jets.
What is not the answer to this question	Not this.
What does a cow who's a jerk grow up to be	Beef Jerky.
What do you call a redditor that doesn't use the search button in /r/jokes	A bastard. [Source](http://i.imgur.com/p16XxgE.jpg)
What do call a girl that eats pastries while browsing the internet	Eclair.
What do you call it when... You put a pillow on a stool	You call it a stool softener cheesiest joke I made up
What's the difference between a black man and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family.
What is it called when two lawyers are fighting	Civil War
What does modern horror films and the 2000 presidential election have in common	It's Al Gore
What do you call a person that tells jokes to ghosts	A comedium.
What did they egg say to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard. I just got laid.
What currency do they use in space	Star Bucks.
What do you call it when a car full of Mexicans catches fire	Baked beans
What does a gay horse eat	Haaayyyy
What do you call the security at a Samsung store	Guardians of the Galaxy, or firefighters.
What do you call a spelling mistake on a map	A topographical error.
what does Dr Watson says to his flatmate when he's constipated	no shit, Sherlock
What is the British equivalent of wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am	Honey!"" [Nut] ""Cheerio!
What do you call an invalidation of someone's argument because they cannot differentiate between their and they're	ad homonym
What do you call a hippie with a business major	A Hippie-crite.
What is WRONG with you	?? Me: *slowly counting on fingers* let's see... ok... carry the 1... um... That would be everything
What is both a fruit and a vegetable	Elton John in a coma.
What kind of meat does a priest eat	Nun. (this one is probably a little better spoken)
What do you name a tricky pig	Cunningham
What do you call an original joke	Baha Fresh
What do you get when you cross a stoner with a halo nerd	Masterchief
What is the worst thing about getting hit in the face with PI	It never ends.
What's the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman knew his parents before they were shot.
What do you get when you cross a baggage handler with a sex offender	[The TSA!](http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ2-l7xEQJqvdPPlN2qABza3Hpfin65EITfmXxRgqx4gj5ajg9mEdVJFhEsjg)
What four man rock group doesn't sing	Mount Rushmore
What shape is your hair in the morning	A wrecktangle. (Made up by my 10 year old daughter :)
What do brunettes and red-heads do on Friday nights	Make blonde jokes!
What does a redneck say for foreplay	Brace yourself, Linda-Lou
What is yellow and incapable of swimming	An excavator.
What is mozart doing nowadays	Decomposing
What happens once a minute, twice a moment, but never in an eternity	The letter M
What's the difference between harass and annoy	I have never had my finger in annoy. Edit: NSFW.. depending where you work, I guess.
What do you call a row of trucks covered in mozzarella	A cheesy pickup line
What do you call it when two snowmen 69	88
What do you call a large pile of kittens	A meowntain.
What's worse than finding half a worm in your apple	The holocaust
What's a bees favourite flower	A bee-gonias !
What is the difference between being hungry and horny	What she means by ""eating out.
What's Hitlers favourite weather	HEIL!
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub	The nun has hope in her soul.
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub	The nun has hope in her soul!
What does a footballer and a magician have in common	Both do hat tricks !
What did Consuela say to her boyfriend after he shagged her in the field	Grassy Ass
What's a shrimp boat captain's favorite drink	Hi-C
What kind of workout does Bob the electrician do	Circuit training.
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	Captain"" you fucking racist!
What do you call a Mexican dessert that won't sink	(Or) What do you call an effeminate Mexican custard? Flanboyant Muy terrible. I know.
What is the name of a taxi service for bears	Ubear.
What kind of pants does Mario wear to work	Denim denim denim ;p
What is it called when a Sailor in the Navy gets a care package from home	Underwear Replenishment
What's a white racist's favorite food	Klan Chowder
What's the best way to pick up a woman	Like a sixpack
What is the scariest thing about a white man in prison	You know he did it.
What's long, hard, black, wet, and full of seamen	A submarine, you dirty fuck.
What do you call a priest who has had too much sacramental wine	An Alcatholic.
What kind of cuisine did the rude Jamaican serve	Caribbean Jerk. Ayyyyy!
What do you call a white guy with an air horn	A honkey
What's black, smells and has 17 tits	The bin bag outside the breast cancer ward.
What happens when a cow stops shaving	It grows a Moostache.
What borders on silly	Mexico &amp; Canada
What does a racist decorate in their home for the holidays	Their bigotry.
What's Pee-wee Herman's favorite entree	Stroganoff.
What did the calculus student who failed his test and the guy who got a speed ticket have in common	They didn't know their limits
What did Hitler dream of during the holidays	A WHITE Christmas!
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	Wipes.
What's the best way to stop a German train	*Axe* them nicely.
What's the difference between the Rockettes and a troop of acrobats	One is a cunning array of stunts.
What is Titus Pullo's Sandal Size	THIRTEEN!
What did the deaf, blind, crippled kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What did Hitler say when 7 ate 9	NEINNN!!
What do a thug and hillbilly have in common	They both like to throw a hoedown.
What did grandpa say before he kicked the bucket	How far do you think i can kick this bucket? Also, Why did the chicken cross the road? [He was in the bucket](/spoiler)
What's the fourth derivative called	Inauguration. Why? Change of jerk.
What does a vulture bring with him on the airplane	His carrion bag.
What's worse than ten babies stapled to a tree	One baby stapled to ten trees
What's black, has bite marks and isn't needed any more	Philip Hoffman's belt.
What do you call a kitten who accidentally eat all your pills	A Caterpillar
What was Charles Dickens' favourite experimental pop album	It was the best of Grimes...
What's the difference between Lance Armstrong and Adolf Hitler	Hitler can't finish a race
What did the devil get arrested for	Possession!
What so you call an Asian jew	Jew Lee
Q: What's delaying the Polish space  program	A: Development of a working match.
What is a euphemism for gay wizard sex	Taking it in the Dumbledore.
What is red and goes putt putt putt	An outboard apple.
What do you call an angry archer	A Cross Bowman
What do you call it when a Republican Presidential Candidate throws a hissy fit when he doesn't get what he wants	A Tantrump.
What did the joints say to the arthritis pain	Uh-Leave! I made this up when I was a little kid and naturally thought I was a comedic genius for many unfortunate years to come.
What's worst than fingering your sister	Finding your dad's wedding ring inside.
What do Michael Jackson and Santa Claus have in common	They both leave little boys rooms with empty sacks.
What do you call it when a son of Royalty fucks his sister	Prin-cest
What do you call a single Mexican man	No bae Jose
Q: What is the difference between Dan Quayle Bill Clinton and Jane Fonda	A: Jane Fonda went to Vietnam.
What's Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill	Walking. J.K. Rolling
What's the difference between black people amd snow tires	Snow tires don't sing when you put chains on them.
What does IDK stand for	Blonde: ""What does IDK stand for?"" Brunette: ""I don't know."" Blonde: ""OMG, nobody does!
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter your dick up someone's ass.
What did the scientist see when he looked up his family tree	A gorilla pooped on his face.
What did the doctor say to the midget in his waiting room	You're just gonna have to be a little patient.
What do you call a well-endowed Asian man	Hung Lo
What does Cam Newton have in common with a Fig Newton	They are both soft and crumble under pressure.
What does a Bills fan do when they win the superbowl	He turns off his xbox.
[NSFW] What is the difference between your dick and a bonus	Your wife will always blow your bonus! xD
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It will take a minute for me to get hard I just got laid by a chick
What do Peacocks mate with	Peacunts
What's the difference between bullets and people	People miss Harambe
What is small furry and brilliant at sword fights	A mouseketeer !
What's the difference between the G-Spot and a Golf Ball	A guy will actually spend time searching for a Golf Ball.
What do you call an original joke on this subreddit	Rare.
What do you call a policeman on fire	Bacon.
What did the Pirate say when he turned 80	Aye Matey!
What does a Gynecologist and Pizza Delivery guy have in common	Both get to smell the goods but neither get to eat it. (A straight rip from /r/funny with my apologies)
What says the egg to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by a chick
What do you call an Israeli rooster	A koke.
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor	Moody.
What did the Buffalo say to his son as he left for college	Bison.
What's the smelliest type of pencil	A #2 pencil
What's the most insensitive nickname you can give a person with diabetes	Sweet Pee
What do you call sandpaper on fire	Bernie Sanders
What do we want	Race car noises. When do we want them? Neoooooooooooooooooooooow
What did batman say to robin before they got in the car	get in the car :P
What is the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I didn't pay 50 bucks to have a lentil on my face last night.
What do you call a British voyeur	A bird-watcher.
What's the only thing worse than asbestos	Asworstos.
What's the instrument of oppression	the Trumpet
What do you call a cow with one udder	A bull.
What's the best part of punching a tranny in the face	You get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt!
What is the medical name for the operation that changes a person's sex from female to male	An addadicktome.
Whats the difference between Barcak Hussein Obama (or any bought and paid for American politician) and a bucket, full of horse sh*t	Not much, the bucket. Just the bucket my friends.
What did the Mexican girl say to her fiance	You're the Juan!
What do you call a prostitute with white eyes	Full up.
What do you call a paper car	A paper-machacedes
What do you say to Simba if he's walking too slow	Mufasa.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman	The Dark Knight Rises
What did the businessman say to the other businessman	We're both businessmen.
What did the acorn say when it grew up	Geometry
What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew	A stoner gets baked more than once
What happened to the Asian man who walked into a wall with a boner	He smashed his his nose.
What is the cheapest cut of meat on a deer	The balls, cause they're under a buck.
What body part is long, hard, bendable, and contains the letters p, e, n, i, s	Spine
What do you do if your lawnmower stops working	Deport him
What's the difference between a male lawyer and a male prostitute	A male prostitute charges $20.
What do you call a football team full of retards	Special teams.
What are prostitutes paid	Loads
What is a zebra	26 sizes larger than an ""A"" bra.
What's worst than one bee sting	Two bee stings What's worst than two bee stings? The Holocaust.
What do you call your favorite 80's pop star floating dead in the harbor	David Buoy
What do you call a rising poll	Upvote
what do you call a gay french man	a faguette
What do you call an arrogant patronizing thief coming down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What did the depressed pimp want for his birthday	to be alone with his thots
What do you call a rich Chinese person	Cha Ching
What do you attach to a transgender chicken	Dez Nuts!
What is the difference between a white guy and an asian	Cock. It is basic math. cockasian - asian = cock
What do you do when you lose your Kia car	You go Soul-searching.
What's the difference between a Jew and a Pizza	Pizzas smell good in the oven
What kind of triangle jokes can never be made right	Ones with an obtuse angle.
What happened when the two lovers were watching a scary movie in a year when Valentine's day happened to fall on Friday the 13th	*Oh wait, nevermind. I'm an idiot...*
What do you call an angry Iron Man at a Skrillex concert	Stark Raving Mad
What is the difference between a magician and Bernie Sanders	The magician returns your wallet at the end of the performance
What do you call a gay man's nut sack	Mud Flaps
What does a hungry clock do	He goes back four seconds.
What do you get when you add root beer to a square cup	Beer.
What does Justin Timberlake say when he's going to the bathroom	It's Gonna Be Pee
What ""YSK"" means	Everyone keeps telling me that I should know...
What's long, hard and has cum in it	A cucumber
What did the engineer say to the flood	Dam!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A roamin Catholic
What is the difference between Ellen Pao her brain and Aids	Aids develops itself
Whats better then getting a gold medal in the Paralympics	Walking.
What's black, white and red all over	A newspaper.
What do girls and parking spaces have in common	All the good ones are taken and the rest are disabled
Whats yellow and lives off dead beatles	Yoko Ono
What do the Irish do after winning the world cup	They proceed to Chapter 9: The Dark Mark
What was so great about being a black jew	They already thought you were burnt
What kind of bread always goes wrong	A rye
What is the dirtiest day of the week	SaTURDay
What is the definition of diplomacy	The ability to tell a person to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
What do Donald Trump &amp; the iPhone 7 have in common	They both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs.
What do you call a shipping crate full of snails	Escargot.
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	I never cry when I cut up a hooker.
What is the worst thing about farming vegetables	The wheelchairs are too expensive.
What do you call people who aren't Christian	Light, because they're massless.
What's a tongue twister	When your tang gets all tongueled up.
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's dad have in common	They both waited too long to pull out.
What do you call a Korean girl, who lost her virginity at a young age	Sum-Young Ho
What's better than a rose on your piano	Tulips on your organ EDIT: This blew up. (No pun intended)
What's the difference between Toddlers &amp; Tiaras and a scat fetish	One's fucking shit, and the other is a scat fetish. Just made it up, wondered how you guys thought it would be.
What's the difference between men and women	Actually, there is a vas deferens between the two genders.
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Melt them down into a tire and call it a good year.
What's the difference between hard and light	You can sleep with a light on.
What's big and hairy and goes 'beep beep'	A monster in a traffic jam.
What do the woman from southern California and the clouds over the Pacific coast have in commen	They're both Marine layers
What did one dog say to the other	How the fuck should I know, I don't speak dog.
What sound will reddit make when it blows up	Nothing, it's just a website.
What kind of skin lotion do acrobats use	Cirque d'Olay
What do hostages eat	#ThingsYouDontAskAlexa
What instrument does the uterus play	The fallopian tuba.
What's a Russian's favorite snack	Chechen Nuggets
What do you call a German paedophile hiding in the playground bushes	Kinder Surprise!
Whats pink and always slippery	A pink slipper
What is a tick's favorite fruit	Lime.
What's the difference between the standard alphabet and Christmas alphabet	There's Noel.
What do trees take when they have a headache	Aleve.
What do you call a male cow wearing a pink shirt, orange shorts, and a purple backpack	Adorable (A-dora-bull)
What do you tell a girl with 2 black eyes	NSFW Nothing! You already told that bitch twice.
What do you get when you cross a duck and a pig	A media circus that focuses on the morals and ethics of genetic engineering.
What do feminists and Sports Authority have in common	They've got a rivalry with Dicks
What's a pirates favorite letter	If you said ""R"", you'd be wrong. You might think that it is ""r"", but it be the ""c""!
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall	DAM!!
What do you call an STD for homeless people	Hermit Crabs
What did Helen Keller say when she fell into the snow	Nothing, she was wearing mittens.
What is the main position candidate Jim Webb is campaigning on	Debate time reform.
What's red and black and screaming all over	Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
What do you call an Indian lesbian	Mingita...
What's gambling like in heaven	It's a pair-a-dice.
What Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex	A threesome
What does a pirate do for entertainment	Whatever floats his boat.
What do you call the crucified baby Jesus	Baby on board.
What do you call a hippo in Antarctica	! LOST!! (I'll show myself out now)
What's the difference between an ant and a bird	A bird can fly.
What do you call it when Bob Dylan sucks your dick in a hurricane	The answer my friend... is blowing in the wind. The answer is blowing in the wind.
What do all rioters have in common	Youth
What is a perfect society formed by a Asian called	A Yutopia
What do you call a smart blond	A golden retriever.
What is Jesus' favorite workout	Pontius Pilates
What does a house wear	Address!
What do you call an equation with no solution	A hypocrite.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common	Both have a 1 in 2 millon chance of being a person someday.
What did the mayor of dinosaur town say when crime increased by 50%	This calls for Jurastic changes
Whats the difference between a gorilla and a guillotine	No one gets their dick out for a guillotine
What is the best food to eat after a circumcision	Brissket
What's it called when two strains of a disease are identical	plague-arism
What is the difference between pick and choose	To pick is to make a selection... And choose are what Cubans wear on their feet.
What did they do with the Crazy 8's	They put it in Solitaire confinement.
What do you call americans flying to space	The plot for Wall-E
What do you say when only the egg remains	It's all ovum now
What do you get if you cross teeth with candy	Dental floss !
What a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet	None of them. Historians suggest that most pirates would have been illiterate.
What would Captain America be called if he fought in Vietnam	You weren't there man
What type of gun do time travelers use	A Clock-18
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	one's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean
What's an archaeologist's favorite verb	Bone.
What did Batman give Doctor Freeze with his whisky	Just-ice
What does an insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic spend most of his time doing	Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
What did the doctor say When a fruit walked into his office that was feeling like a vegetable	...what's tomato with you?!
What is the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster who got breast implants	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What's the worlds longest sentence	I do.
What is grey and comes in quarts	An elephant
What's the most popular pickup line at a gay bar	Hey, can I push your stool in?
What do you call a vegetarian fart	Kale force wind!
What does a psychologist wear to bed	A Freudian slip.
What do you call a kid with no arms and no legs	Names. Get it? Sorry, I just heard this joke somewhere, I'm not trying to offend anyone, it's just a joke.
What are Mario's pants made of	Denim denim denim.
What do you call a wine loving horse	Chardon-neigh.
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other	Lets get Jobs!
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles...
What did the slutty interstate say to the porche	I got curbs!
What's black and found at the top of a stair case	Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
What is the tastiest liquid in a fruit	The IV Drip
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair black	Artificial intelligence.
What's the difference between skinny and squat	I never took a skinny on a girl's chest.
What happens when you put the Energizer bunny's batteries in backwards	It keeps coming, and coming, and coming...
What's a vampire's favorite drink	A Bloody Mary.
What is Donald Trump telling Independents	Orange is the new black.
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What do you tell a cow blocking a road	Mooove
What do you call the security guards outside a Samsung factory	Guardians of the Galaxy
What did Snoop Dogg say upon graduation as a EE major	My circuit breaker be trippin and my joint wouldn't solder...
What do you call a proton with big hair	A 'froton.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	Taste...
What do you do to a dead scientist	You Barium
Q: What do you get if you cross a pig with a karate expert	A: A pork chop.
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter	pumpkin pi
What did the guy with 5 penises say	These pants fit like a glove
What's brown and furry on the outside, soft moist and tastes good on the inside, begins with ""C"" and ends with ""T"", and has a ""U"" and an ""N"" in it	A coconut.
What does Captain Falcon say when he goes to Starbucks	Show me your brews!
What was the buffalo's last words to his teenager as he sent him off to college	Bison
What's up with all these dudes growing 70s porn mustaches	They tickle.
What makes a glow worm glow	A light meal !
What powerful reptile is found in  the Sydney opera house	The Lizard of Oz !
What sound does an Italian make when you shoot him	Wop
Q: What do you call an earthquake fault	A: A topographical error.
What do you get when you cross sriracha, Little Caesars, and a donkey	A hot pizza ass! Like... like a hot... piece of... you get it.
What causes the bird on a pirate's shoulder to repeat 'pieces of nine, pieces of seven, pieces of nine....'	Parity error.
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common	they're fun to ride until your friends find out.
What's the fastest way to lose a few pounds	Exit the European Union.
What do you call a grandpa who couldn't understand why his email wanted to upload his attachment to share it	An old man yelling at the cloud
Whats the best thing Orlando Bloom's ever been in	Katy Perry
What's more annoying on the internet, a troll or spam	Your mom!
What is a martian's favourite chocolate	A mars bar
What's a rabbits' favorite movie	Rabbits of the Lost Ark.
What was the last food delivered to the Twin Towers	Pizza. Someone ordered two large planes.
What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito	Nothing. You can't cross a scaler and a vector
Q: What do you call a white, poofy space alien	A: Martianmallow.
What is a dental hygienist's favorite subject	Flossophy.
Whats the difference between a fetus and a meme	You cant kill a Meme
What's brown and sticky	A poop.
What did the zero say to the eight	Nice belt.
What did the scornful owl say	Twit twoo.
What's Grey and Comes in Quarts	An Elephant.
What do you call a clown eating a mushroom	Jeff
What do you call Wolverine post-op	An x-man.
What came first, the chicken or the egg	Neither, it was the selfish Rooster that came first and the Hen never even finished.
What's red and bad for your teeth	A brick.
What does it's job ONLY after it has been fired	A bullet
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station the others a busty crustacean
What are the three rules of being a plumber	Hot on left; cold on right. Shit runs downhill. Never, ever, put your tools in your mouth.
What do you call a senior citizen from Mexico	A senor citizen.
What did Clinton tell the FBI	I did not have classified relations with that server!
What do you call a group of birds that stick together	Vel-crows. You're welcome.
Whats the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom	A pick pocket snatches watches.
What's the worst thing about being a black jew	. . You gotta sit in the back of the oven
What's a pedophile's favorite pair of shoes	White Vans.
What do you call a group of homosexuals on rollerblades	A pack of Rolaids.
What do you call a alligator in a vest	Investigator.
What does racist matthew mcconaughey say	alt-right, alt-right, alt-right
What do you give a sick horse	Cough stirrup.
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe	Fur traders.... Zing!!
What do you call Irish fruit punch	A barfight in a gaybar
What did the confused Mackem say when he discovered that he was smack bang in the middle of Newcastle	I'm in the middle of *no Wear*
What do you call a sacred, flammable piece of wood	A match made in Heaven.
What's the difference between a magician and a psychologist	A magician makes rabbits appear in hats, while a psychologist makes habits appear in rats.
What does a data scientist do after an heavy lunch	A pie shart.
What do you call not wanting to reminisce	No-stalgia.
What do you call a pompous piece of bread	A braguette.
What is r/jokes' main function	ctrl+v
What did the mexican say when the 2 houses fell on him	Get off me holmes!
What did the engineer say to the bridge after it had collapsed	I trussed you.
What do you call a man that states the obvious	A man that states the obvious
What do you call a good joke on Reddit	Unoriginal
What do you get when you have sex with an Alligator	Gatoraids
What do you tell your bird when it doesn't want to urinate	Pee cock!
What's your best Pirate Joke	What's a pirate's favorite letter? the C!
What N word do you not want to call a black man	Neighbor
What do you get when toss a hand grenade into a French kitchen	Linoleum blownapart.
Whats black and isn't working	Black lives matter.
What did Han Solo say when Leia asked for help with a crossword clue	I don't know
What's the difference between an Onion and a Whore	I don't cry when I chop up a Whore.
What do you call an obnoxious potato	A dictator.
What starts with F and ends in UCK	Fire truck.
What is a vampire's sweetheart called	His ghoul-friend.
What sound does a bomb make before it goes off	allahu ackbar!!
What fish is made of only two sodium ions	2 Na :D
What do cars do at the disco	Brake dance.
Q: What did the painter say to the wall	A: One more crack, and I'll plaster you.
What does a girl do to her as asshole before having the most crazy sex of her life	She leaves him at home
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	A pickpocket snatches watches...
What sound is emitted by a drowning mathematician	log log log log log log log log log...
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and McDonald's	A: A blonde serves more people in a night.
What do you get if you drop a piano into a mine	A-flat ""minor
What did you learn in school today	Not enough I have to go back tomorrow!
What do you call an old man's hard on	Petrified wood.
What did the watermelon say to the honeydew	I'm sorry baby, we just cantaloupe.
What website are the germans least likely to laugh at	Neingag.
What's the hardest thing about finding a dead baby on the beach	Hiding the erection.
What do a pizza guy and a gynecology have in common	They can both smell it but cant eat it.
What did the Palestinians do to honour Yasser Arafat when he died	They gave him a 21 stone salute!
What do you call a Jewish feline	A yama-cat
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and sweats	A nervous wreck...
What is a dentist's favorite dinosaur	A Flossiraptor! I'll just show myself out...
What was wrriten on a sign at the entrance of a gas chamber in the Holocaust	Watch your step
What did the dominatrix say after she spanked the wrong slave	Whoops, wrong sub
What's the difference between oral and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between a gay guy and Hitler	About 45 degrees
Whats a rapists perfect date	Netflix and kill.
What did one sailor say to the other on Dec. 7 1941	There's a little nip in the air.
What did one paedophile say to the other	Swap you two fives for a ten
What do you call an owl who does magic	WHO-DINI
Whats the difference between love, ture love, and showing off	spit, sallow, and gargle.
What did the square say to the root	Radical
What do you call a hypocritical member of the church of Latter Day Saints	an oxy-mormon. or, all of them.
What is Batman's favourite hair product	Conditioner Gordon.
What's the difference between a kinky guy and a pervert	The kinky guy uses the feather but the pervert uses the whole chicken"" As told to me by the old guy who sat next to me on the plane
What did the egg say to the boiling water	You expect me to get hard so fast, I just got laid!
What's the difference between public hair and pubic hair	Pants.
What does a cow say in the winter	I'm udderly freezing!
What did the train say on the way to auschwitz	Jew-Jew I'm sorry, that made me feel dirty. Should probably take a shower...
What was the statistician's fetish	Let's just say he had the standard deviation.
What do neutrinos and I have in common	We're always penetrating your mom
What type of target shooting does Lil Jon do	Skeet skeet motherfucker!
What's in a domestic book	Home page.
What is JPA	Joke point average. Where do people with high JPAs go to? Hahaharvard
Q: What did the puppy say when he sat on sand paper	- A: RUFF!
What makes an ISIS joke funny	The Execution
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference	I don't know and I don't care!
What happens when you steamroll Batman and Robin	They become flatman and ribbon.
What's long, black and doesn't work	The unemployment line.
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and a UFO	A: There have been sightings of UFOs.
What do Green Eggs and Ham, and Fifty Shades of Gray have in common	They both encourage people who can barely read to try new things.
What did the gay guy say to the scared straight guys	You guys are fucking pussies!
What's the difference between an insurance company and an asshole	If you shove money into an asshole at least you can expect to get shit back
What country is the most fragile	China!
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	Ten-ish
What do you do when you come across an elephant	Wipe it off and apologize.
What do air and sex have in common	Neither is terribly important until you're not getting any.
What do a mole and an eagle have in common	They both live underground. Except for the eagle.
what did the hat say to the other hat	you go on ahead."" I'd like to thank Twitternation, Steve Wozniak, Adam Schefter, @MattGroening and anyone else who helped me achieve this great feat!
What's the world's most dangerous city	Electricity
What do you call a black guy on the moon	An astronaut, you racist.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
Whats the difference between a gun and a feminist	A gun only has one trigger
What did the astronaut get instead of athlete's foot	Missile Toe
What age were pigs discovered in	The Saus Age.
What kind of book does an Irish cultist read	The Leprenomichaun.
What's the difference between pop stars and porn stars	Porn stars can probably sing.
What's an English teacher's favourite cereal	Synonym Grahams
What do you call an oil stain that lasted for 1000 years	Ancient grease
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter	An irrelephant.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Gagsalotofdong
What did the dick say to the balls	You two wait outside.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall	Dam!
What did the fish say when he hit the wall	Dam.
What's brown ans sticky	?? a stick :) haha (yes i know its super lame)
What do Vietnamese historians and Southern rednecks have in common	They both care way too much about the uc Dynasty.
What do they call Peter Pan in China	Peter Wok
What's the difference between a bird and a fly	A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.
What's the difference... ...between Mick Jagger and an angry Scotsman	One says ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud!"" The other says ""Hey, McLeod, get off of my ewe!
What's a Mexicans favorite candy	Jelly beaners.
What's the differce between a black guy and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four!
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You don't milk a cow for 10 years
What do you call a deer that has no eyes	I got no-eye deer !
What do feminists do in Halloween	They go Triggertreating.
What did one quantum frog say to the other	Quibit.
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both fly around Uranus and wipe out Klingons.
What do you call graveyard shenanigans	Tombfoolery.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy, while the other is a little lighter.
What do birds say on Halloween	Trick-or-tweet!
What's a 69er got in common with the mafia	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What is the most abundant spice in Africa	Paprika.
What did the closed can say to the half opened can	YOU'RE BEING UNCANNY!
What is grosser that gross	Ten naked men running around in a circle and the first one stops.
What do you call a handjob in chemistry	Strokeiometry
What type of computer is unusually large	A Dell
What do you call a heavy toilet	El ton john.
What personal space	My dog
What's it called when you throw Indian food at someone	Naan-aggression.
What's the difference between your mom and wine	With age, wine doesn't suck anymore.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	AYE MATEY!
What does Sean Connery's nemesis and the crater of a volcano have in common	They're both ash-holes.
What do you call a pig that took a plane	Swine flu!
What has eight arms and an IQ of 80	Four girlfriends drinking on St Patricks Day!
What do you call a tree that you can fit in your hand	A PALM TREE!!!
What does dog poo and women have in common	The older they get the easier they are to pick up.
What do a Cloudy Night and Dancing With The Stars have in common	More than likely you won't see any stars.
What did the man do after listening to a Pink Floyd album for two hours	Skip to the next track
What does a networking robot say when returning from the bathroom	Sorry, I http
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A Rip-Off
What do you call a reuben sandwich with a horn	A rye-nocerous
What has four legs, feathers, and can fly	Two birds
What is the difference between Susan Boyle and a aircondtioner	An aircondtior can be hot
What did the the black boy get for Christmas	Your Bike...
What's brown and sticky	A stick. What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
What's a tents favorite kind of meat	Stakes
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall	dam
What did storm say when she saw wolverine chopping wood	That's a huge axe man!
What do you need to split a photon	A lightsabre
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot ""you racist
What's a dogs favorite part of a tree	Stick? BARK!
What do you call it when a broke person makes a sex tape	A Poorno.
What's Sauron's favorite soft drink	Mountain Dewm
What happened to the Pope when he went to mount Olive	Popeye kicked his ass.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	The holocaust
What's the difference between a piano, glue, and a tuna	You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna (What about the glue?) I knew you'd get stuck on that
What do a gay dolphin and a car that leaks oil have in common	Chances are, both have blown a seal
What's yellow has wheels and lies on its  back	A dead school bus!
What do you call someone who is iffy about cleaning lawn games	A wishy-washy Washer washer.
What's the Cincinnati Zoo's least favorite rap group	Gorillaz
What do Waitresses and Chemists have in common	They both need to check the table periodically...
What Did Cinderella Say When She Got To The Ball	Cough, gag, choke, etc...
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite sex position	FUCKING RAAAWWW!!!
Whats invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts. ( this joke made me laugh my butt of when i was a kid)
What does a footballer and a magician have in common	Both do hat tricks!
What's brown and smells funny	Clown Poo
What did Russell Crowe say when he found out that his ex-wife was eaten by a cannibal	I'm gladiator.
What goes: Click. ""Did I get it	Click. ""Did I get it?"" Stevie Wonder solving a Rubik's Cube.
[OC] What did the asian say when he saw a line at the local soup kitchen	Ugh.... Pho queue...
What did the blind deaf kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What has handles and flies	A witch in a garbage can.
What is Eren's (AoT) favorite song	Moves Like Jaeger
What did the one wall say to the other wall	Meet you at the corner
What do you get when you cross a pig with a ninja	Pork Chop!
What did Maxwell Smart Say the first time.... What did Maxwell Smart Say the first time he butt fucked 99	Missed it by that much.
What is Obama's least favorite Christmas Carol	Let It Snowden.
What do you call a cow with only two legs	Lean Beef!
What would you call Osama bin Laden if he became a pirate	Sandy Hook.
What is a ghost favorite fruit	Boonanaa !
What does a Japanese guy name his pet lion	Ryan
What's a seal's favorite class	Art art art :)
What is Wun-Wun's favorite activity	Taekwundo.
What do you call a cold North African	A Brrbrr
What's the smelliest breed of dog	A poo-dle
What's the problem with radioactive underpants	Chernobyl fall out..
What's an Islamist's favourite crop	Rice is.
What did the lesbian rattlesnake say to Hillary after they finished making love	You know, they're right . . . we do taste like chicken!
What's the difference between friends and potatoes	Potatoes don't scream when you peel their skin and toss them in boiling water.
What's the difference between Boy Scouts and Jews	Boy Scouts come back from their camps.
What's the difference between acne and catholic priests	Acne waits until you've hit puberty to come on your face.
What's the definition of a will	Come on, it's a dead giveaway!
What's in the toilet of the Star Ship enterprise	The captains log
What should you do when you are cold	Stand in a corner, corners are 90 degrees
What do the Scottish people call iPhone	A: an AYE-Phone. (Joke brought to you by a 5 year old)
What do you call a smart guy in US	A tourist.
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console	wii-u wii-u wii-u wii-u heh
What do you call a dinosaur with explosive diarrhea	A shitty-sore-ass.
What is the fastest way to exit a car on the highway	Through the windshield
What do you call a mexican protein	Amigo Acid
What goes in hard but comes out soft and sticky	Gum
What happened to the pie dish that got arrested	He was foiled.
What's ET's first name	Spag.
What has 50 legs but cant walk	Half a centipede !
What do you call a mummy on a horse	A knight in Charmin armor.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye deer. What do you call a dead deer with no eyes? Still, no eye deer.
[NSFW] What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits until you're 14 to come all over your face
What's better than kiddie porno	Adult porno. Kiddie porn is gross, you sick fuck!
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
What do you call a straight Godzilla fan	Hedorahsexual
What do you call a man with a 1 inch penis	Justin
What do we want	An endless supply of milk When do we want it? Cow
What do you call a boat made of cat shit	a caturdamaran
What do smart blondes and UFOs have in common	You always hear about them but never see any!
What did the hen say when she saw the scrambled eggs	My poor, mixed-up kids...
What do you call a dinosaur who just got out of a relationship	Tyrannosaurus Ex
What is the definition of a good farmer	A man outstanding in his field.
What happened when the Jew with a boner walked into a wall	He broke his nose.
What kind of people are always in a damn hurry	Russians
What's a Canadian Anarchist's favorite shape	A circle, eh.
what's the definition of confusion	Fathers day in Detroit.
What did Chewy say after episode VII	I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo solo
What sound does a baby make when you put it in a microwave	I don't know....I was too busy masterbating.
What did the first lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See you next month!
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits your windshield	It's ass
What do you call Japanese pussy	Yellowtail
What do you call a furiously masturbating dinosaur	A Velocifapper.
What's Brown and rhymes with ""snoop""	Dr Dre.......
What do you call re-arranging the layout of your network	LANscaping.
what did the mod say when he used the bathroom	log out
What do you call someone who masturbates on a plane	A highjacker
What do you call a blowjob from a homeless person	A Bummer
What did Al Gore play on his guitar	An algorithm.
What is Donald Trumps least favorite day of the week	Taco Tuesday.
What is the president's favorite vegetable	BARACK-oli. Courtesy of my friend Abraham.
What do American beer and having sex in a canoe have in common	They're both f**king close to water.
What is green and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind as he hits your car windshield on the highway	His ass.
What is a whales favorite pasttime	Netflix and krill.
What's the similarity between video games and roulette	Very fun until it goes Russian.
What do Welshmen call a sheep dog in Wales	Their Pimp
What's the difference between juice and cider	I can't go deep in juice.
What did the hookers hang on the christmas tree	Whore-naments
What is America worth	Nothing, it's a free country.
What is a Dutchman who lost his driving license	Homeless.
What's the worst last words your EX-GF can say to you	I do.
Whats the difference between a black guy and a pizza	a pizza can feed a family of four
What did the cow with a cold say	Boo
What has four legs, two humps, and is given a copy of Metal Gear Solid for their computer	Revolver Camelot!
What do two owl brothers say when they are carrying something	To me, to hoo.
What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl in the 1940s	With a dustpan.
What do you call an alligator with a magnifying glass	An investigator.
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	The corn farmer shucks between fits, whilst the prostitute fucks between shits.
What do you get if you cross a snake and a pig	A boar constrictor !
Whats the difference....	What's the difference between a lamborghini and a pile of dead babies? I don't have a lamborghini in my garage.
What's the tragedy with little people	They lead such short lives.
What do you call someone who hates people without toes and can't have ice cream	Lack-toes intolerant
What happens when you give a cow marijuana	The ""steaks"" get higher
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft	Ab minor
what's the difference between a loaded potato and a normal one	Someone's a lot less deadly with a normal potato.
What do you call children born in whore houses	Brothel sprouts...
What do you get if you cross a baby with soldiers	Infantry !
What's better than getting gold in the Special Olympics	Being normal.
What is the best thing about having sex with a transgender	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What kind of pokemon is a vagina that's just had an extended session of hard sex	Vulvasore :D
What's the difference between acne and a Child Molester	Acne waits till you are 13 to come all over your face.
What do you call cheese that is by itself	Provolone
What did the guitar teacher say to the frustrated student	Now, don't fret about it!
What do a puppy and a near sighted gynecologist have in common	A wet nose.
What did Michael Jackson have in common with Target	Boys clothes half off.
What's a Lawyers favourite food	suet
What's the difference between congress and a circus	One is a Cunning array of Stunts...
What do you call a mentally impaired French Man that cant say no	A Oui-Tard
What did the baker say about her co-worker who never sleeps and always smells funky	At yeast he's a fungi.
What do you get when you combine an excess of waste and recycling	r/jokes
What kind of street to ghosts, goblins and ghouls live on	A Dead End.
What do you call a dog cartographer	Newfoundland
What is green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table. [Thanks, Wagon Train camper!]
What time do you go to the dentist	2:30
What's your number	A Jewish girl and a man meet in a bar. They hit it off and the man asks for the girls number. The girl lifts up her sleeve.
What was the internet speed in Canada in the 1990's	56eh.
What did the bear say to the judge	I bearly touched her.
What do you get if you cross some ants with some tics	All sorts of antics !
What do you call a chicken without feathers	Dinner!
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist	Newer magazines
What's the cheesiest Stallone film	Roquefort.
Q: What do you call a guy with no arms or legs floating in the water	A: Bob
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit	BA NA NA NA!
What do chemists say when they smell something that they don't like	Pu
What did Hellen Keller name her dog	Naaaaagggghhhhhhh.
What do you get when you cross a Doberman with a bird	A Doberman fincher!
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches
What did the chinese guy say to the mongoose	Bing fwong dong 9/11
What were the last words of king Laius	Mother fucker.
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons	Hose a and hose b
What did God say when he made black people	Ah, shit. A burnt batch.
What do you call an snobbish Mongolian ruler going down the stairs	A condescending Khan descending.
What was Ryu's response when someone asked if they could have his autograph	Sure you can!
What did the wheat say to the man with the scythe	I yield!
What about breakfast teaches us the difference between ""interested"" and ""committed""	In a ham and egg sandwich, the chicken had an interest, but the pig is committed.
What's the difference between a bucket of blended dead baby and a bucket of sand	I can't gargle sand.
What's the main use for leather in the world	Holding cows together Edit: It doesn't work if you apply too much logic. Just enjoy the joke
What's Hitler's favorite letter	I don't know, but certainly not Z.
What is it called when Batman leaves church	Christian Bale...
What is the favorite saying of a police officer in the Simpsons	If it's yellow let it mellow, if it's brown shoot it down.
What's orange, and sounds like a parrot	A carrot.
What do you call a square peg that wonders if it could plug a round hole	Pi-curious.
What do you call an Italian's semi-formal shirt	Marco's polo
What did the leper say to the hooker	Keep the tip.
What do you call a prostitute who's upset about gun control	A sandy hooker
what's the difference between a cat and compound sentence	one has claws at the end of it's paws...the other has a pause at the end of it's clause.
What's white on top and black at the bottom	Society
What do hot cups of coffee and crazy women have in common	You shouldn't stick your dick in it, and you always regret it when you do.
What does batman get in his drinks	Just Ice
What did one nut say to the other nut	Between you and me, our neighbor is a dick.
What's the heaviest soup	One ton soup.
What's yellow and smells of bananas	Monkey sick
Whats the hardest part about being a pedophile	Trying to fit in.
What does Hitler say when he's impressed	That's Totalatarily Awesome
What's the spaciest kind of camel	Andromedary
What is the world's fastest land animal	The Ethiopian chicken
What was Ghandi	Super-callous-fragile-mystic-hexed-with-halitosis
What do you call the grounds of a university that specializes in teaching neuroscience to hippopotamuses	Hippocampus!
What's the difference between a Baby Hobbit and Taco Bell	One throws shire fits, and the other gives you fire shits.
What's the best part about having sex with 28-year-olds	There are 20 of them.
What did the Hawaiian Jihadist say before he died	Aloha Ackbar!
What does an Alzheimer's patient say whenever they browse /r/funny	Hey, this looks new!
What do dyslexic zombies eat	BRIANS!! Everyone else is safe
What did the regular expression truck driver say when he saw the number 10000	10{4}
What is the difference between your wife and your job	Your job still sucks.
What happens when a spoon and fork get into a fight	civilwar
What did the mexican say when a development fell on him	yo get off me, homes!
What did Picasso and Smurfette have in common	Both had blue periods.
What do you call food between two slices of bread	a sandwich
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis	A woman will blow one every time.
What does someone do after they eat too much bacon	They go hog wild
What do you call a search for small guitars	Uke hunt!
What do you call a fly with no wings	A walk
What did the Hawaiian terrorists say when they blew up a restaurant	ALOHA SNACKBAR
What do you call a hippie's wife	Mississippi
Q: What is Mozart doing right now	A: Decomposing.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr.Dre
What did the boy banana say to the girl banana	You have a lot of appeal.
What's the difference between most people and planes	Most people miss the twin towers.
Whats up	My dick.
What's the difference between a robber and a peeping tom	One snatches your watch and the other watches your snatch
What does an electrician say while meditating	Ohm... Ohm...
What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common	Icy Dead People.
What did the nucleus say to get the electron up	Up and atom!
What all girls want	All girls want 70 things in their life 1. Shopping Rest are ""69
What did the deaf bug order at the bar	A Bee-Ear
what do you call someone who critiques bad jokes	A cheese-grader!!
What's the definition of Eternity	The time between when I come, and you go.
What do you call Dubstep on a Mac	iDropIt
What Did Delaware	A brand New Jersey!
What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her skirt	Self employed
What did the Secret Service agent say to the President-elect when someone tried to take a shot at him	Donald, Duck!
What do you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and see your TV floating in the air	You shout, ""Drop it, Nigga!
What do you call a	... What do you call potato who's high? A. A baked potato What do call a wizard who doesn't have enough minions? A. Short staffed Ps. This is my first post, be gentle with me.
What are a gorilla's favorite months	Ape-ril and Bananuary
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer	Ash
What's the difference between a black man and Batman	Batman can go into a store without Robin.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex will make your day, but anal sex will make your whole week.
What is the closest thing similar to a woman having a period	Your salary. It also comes once a month, and lasts about 5 days. And if it doesn't come, it means you are in big trouble.
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	**R** systems have detected a breach of copyright coming from your home address.
What is the only olympic sport that mexicans can compete in	Bordercross
What's a Hitler Youth's favorite video game	Meincraft
What did the African eat for breakfast	Ebola cereal. (A bowl of)
What's the Incredible Hulk's favorite food	Smashed potatoes.
What's worse than having 10 dead babies stapled to one tree	1 dead baby stapled to 10 trees.
What does a Japanese man experience when he marries a Jewish woman	marital bris
What do you call a shy hamburger restaurant	MeekDonalds
What is Macaulay Culkin's favorite cheese	Provolone
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	Iron Man is a superhero, Iron Woman is a command. ALL credit goes to /u/eternityinspace had to share it!
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a computer keyboard	The space bar.
What's an Asian's favorite time to go to the dentist	tooth-hurty
What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him	Get off me homes!
What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him	Get off me homes.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know, and I don't care.
What do you call an Egyptian butt	A sphinxter
What is the first symptom of AIDS	Pounding in the anus
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs	[NSFW] Cuntswaylo
What is an Italian with Alzheimer's favorite espresso drink	Affogato!
What does Batman have in his lemonade	Just ice.
What do you call a morbidly obese person who can predict the future	A four-chin teller.
What does 80 year old pussy smell like	Depends
What do men who receive compressed porn files do when they are alone	They unzip.
What should you do when life gives you melons	Get tested for dyslexia.
What do you rate Megan Fox out of 10	Friend: 9 Me: 9? I'll give her one.. *wink*
What's not there when you get into an argument, but there when you lose the argument	The door.
What would be the most useless superpower	How about the ability to go invisible, but it only works while you're playing a trumpet.
What's worse than giving Willie Nelson a blow job	Finding out it's not Willie Nelson
Q: What's brown, red, black and blue	A: A Brunette who's been tellin one too many blonde jokes.
What kind of money does Mario use	8-bitcoins
What does a near sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common	Wet noses
What will Gene Wilder's last will and testament will say	YOU GET NOTHING! Yeah I'm going to hell.
What do you call a jockey that doesn't get blowjobs	A headless horseman!
What makes a pun, fun	Add an h.
What is a necrophiliac's safe word	I'm alive.
What Did The Time Traveler Do After He After He Ate Too Much	He Went Back Four Seconds.
What is the difference between a flea bitten dog and a bored visitor	Ones going to itch and the other is itching to go !
What's the main ingredient in a Jedi martini	Qui-Gon Gin
What type of Martial Arts does Jesus know	Jiu Jitsu.
What did one snowman say to the other	Can you smell carrots?
What is the most effective way of cleaning a cum stain	Baby wipes
What was Carl Sagan's favorite drink	Cosmos.
What's the difference between a civilian camp and an ISIS base	I don't know I just fly the drones
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
What do you call a robot that doesn't support his children	Nuts and bolts
what are some of your favorite play-on-name jokes	i don't really have any favorites, just looking to hear some... like what do you call a guy with a shovel? doug.
What do you call Triple H practicing for a WWE match	Preparation H
What do you call the stage a ladybug goes through before it becomes an adult	Pupa-ty. ^^**ba-dum* ^^*psh**
Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam	I cant jelly my dick in your mouth
What do you call a round knight	Sir Cumference
What do you call a dwarf psychic who has escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
Q: What do you call the Association of Blood Donors	A: The IV League.
What happened when the schoool bully went netsurfing	The goalkeeper kicked him out of the football ground.
what does one rock use to propose to another rock	A bouldering. (Sorry guys ive been indoor rock climbing lately)
What famous hotel chain do muslims prefer when travelling on religious holidays	Ramadamadan.
What is the fastest insect in the World	Lice"" Why? ... Because it is latching on a running Cheetah.
What do you call a dirty Jew	Alive.
What's the most annoying thing about making cheese	The curds get in the whey!
What do black people and dividing by zero have in common	They don't work.
What's the best way to see yesterday's front page	9GAG
What's Black and White and Red all over	The Zebra I just shot dead.
Whats the difference between a black guy and a snow tire	A snow tire doesnt sing when you put chains on it.
What was 2016	The best joke I've ever heard!
What's the difference between England and a cup of tea	The teabag stays in the cup longer.
What did one eye say to the other	Between you and me something smells.
What's the difference between a blimp and 365 used condoms	One's a Goodyear, the other's an awesome year.
What does a man with a foot long cock eat for breakfast	Well, this morning I had a hard boiled egg.
What Australian city has the most cats	Purrth.
What do you call a website that steals all of Reddit's Hitler jokes	Nein Gag.
What do you call an Irish snake in Lord of the Rings	Legolas
What does Harry Potter do when he gets Ginny Pregnant	Cast Fetus Deletus.
What's the difference between a feminist and a vacuum cleaner	They both suck, but the vacuum has a handle on it.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks	You don't look like you could take a joke.
What does MSG stand for	Mandarin Service Guaranteed.
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	Tellings your parents you're gay.
what is donald trump's favourite party game	JINGO!
What's three feet long and keeps a twat warm	Donald Trump's scarf.
What did the shirt say to the pants	What's up, britches.
What food describes most men	Jerky.
What does a neckbeard call his imaginary girlfriend and his disease	Ma'lady
What do buzzards in Kansas eat	Carrion, my wayward son.
What's better than a rose on a piano	Tulips on an organ. Edit: accidentally a letter.
What do you call the entrance you come through from hell to get into heaven	The Glory Hole
What do you call a promiscuous girl in special ed	A tater thot
What kind of tree would Hanna Montana be	A 'Miley Cyprus'. Dear god, shoot me.
What is the name of that casino on the beach	Pair-a-dice.
What do you call a gay drive-by	A fruit roll-up
What did Darth Vader say to Luke on his birthday	I know what you're going to get, I felt your presents
What's a boxer's favorite part of a joke	The punchline
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing at all... you already told her twice
What does a mathematician do about constipation	Sits down and works it out with a pencil.
What do you call a striped bra	A zebra.
What's better than swinging a dead baby around a tether pole	... ... stopping it with a shovel
What happened when Dumbo went to a mindrreader	They gave him his money back.
What you called a fat Chinese man	Chunk
What do you call a constipated German	far-from-poopin
What happens to a desert-dwellers main transportation when it has been parked in one spot for too long	It gets Camel-Towed.
What does a perverted frog say	Rubbit
What do you call a dwarf with a birth defect, is broke and can't drink milk	Lack toes and tall or rent
What do you call unpredictable nudity	Erratica.
What's the difference between a stoat and a weasel	One is weasily recognised and the other is stoatally different
What was Jeremy Clarkson on during Top Gear	SPEEEED!
What's blue and fucks old people	Me in my lucky blue coat.
What's ISIS's favorite Country Band	Allahbama
What kind of STD does a blonde woman give you	Herp-n-derp-es
What does a black man do after sex	Wipes away the pepper spray and 25 to life.
What do you call an oyster who can't find another job	A clamboni driver!
What do blondes and the Bermuda Triangle have in common	They both swallow seamen.
What was Hitler's favourite song	Knocking on ovens door
What's the best machine to impress women at the gym	The ATM
What do you call an interracial dwarf actor	A half cast
What did the stamp say to the envelope	I've become attached to you.
What runs well and efficiently except when you need it to	The Seattle Seahawks
What's the difference between a Dutch comedian and a piece of steel pipe	One is a silly Hollander, the other is a hollow cylinder.
What's the difference between a hook and a hooker	You can unscrew a hook, but you can't unscrew a hooker
What's missing from star wars 7	Maybe [SPOILER] Nobody's limbs.
What kind of boxes do gay boxes like	Male Boxes.
What does a mermaid wear to math class	An ""algebra
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall	DAM!
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit	BA-NA-NA-NAAAA
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna
What's long and hard On a black person	First grade
What's the best selling soft drink in Italy	Dr. Pepe
What did the hot dogs name their child	Frank
What's the most capable element	Tin, because tin can.
What's the best thing about dating a black girl	You'd never have to meet the father.
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	One is a superhero. The other is a command.
What's green and smells of pork	Kermit's cock
What do you call 4 Mexicans in a sinkhole	Quatro Sinco
What's a baby seals' least favourite drink	Canadian Club on the Rocks
What should you call someone with a different color of skin than your own	A hue man.
What's the difference between an angler and a  dunce	One baits his hooks while the other hates his books.
What did the doctor say when he saw two fetuses being too affectionate in public	Get a womb, you two.
What's a Yankee	It's a quickie....but you do it yourself
What did the alien say when his flying saucer landed in a stud farm	Take me to your breeder !
What's the difference between Tom Brady and Ben Roethlisberger	Tom wants his balls illegally deflated on the field and Ben wants that off the field.
What do you call a society governed by men with no testicles	An anorchy... ...I swear, that one KILLED at the urology convention
What do lawyers wear to court	Lawsuits!  Courtesy of the popsicle I just enjoyed. Had to share. Have a great day.
What did the sheep say when he saw his girlfriend	Baaaaaeeeee!
Whats green and smells like bacon	Kermit's dick.
What do you call a blonde in the freezer	Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
What does trail mix have in common with a nursing home	They're both filled with nuts
What do the hotdogs taste like at the gay parade	Shit
What's green, slimy and smells like pork	Kermit's finger
What do you call a blind German	A Not See
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus	Santa stops at 3 hoes
What do you call a Jamaican guy on the internet	A digimon.
What did one end of the rope say to the other	We were bound to get together...
What's the most confusing day in Harlem	Fathers Day!
What did a Jewish guy do first thing in the morning	Hebrew coffee Go easy on me with this pun.
What is the bounciest place in France	The dordogne.
What can you make and break at the same time	A racket.
What tastes good	Popcorn.
What do they call traffic laws in 3rd world countries	Guidelines
What do you call math that gives you PTSD	Triggernometry
What kind of sharks make good carpenters	Hammerheads!
What do you call a loaf of grumpy bread	Sourdough!
What's the easiest way to twist someone's arm	Thalidomide
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A Gummy bear.
What do you call an Irish guy who can't keep off the weight	McFatagain! I'm sorry.
What do you call a pretentious criminal going down a flight of stairs	A condescending condescending
What's the hardest thing about a burning orphanage	My dick.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken!
What do you call white on the top and black at the bottom	Society.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken.
What do your mom and Poland have in common	a lot of countries have been inside her.
What does a runner lose after winning a race	His breath.
What did the wind turbine say to Al Gore	I'm a big fan.
What do you call James Bond in the bathtub	Bubble-0-7
What's the worst aspect about Calculus teachers	They always go off on tangents in class.
What is the most popular style in Moscow salons	A brushin.
What's the difference between a woman and a computer	You only have to punch information into a computer once.
What did the little girl with no arms, no legs, blind, deaf and mute get for Christmas	NSFW Cancer
What's the difference between pink and purple	Your grip.
What did the Father of Judaism sleep on	An Abra-Hammock I'm sorry
What do a call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank	A Small, Medium, at Large
Q: What did the snowman say to the other snowman	A: ""Do you smell carrot?
What do call an ant that helps you with your taxes	An account-ant.
What did Obama's dad say when his mom wanted anal	Well they don't call me ""Saddamy"" Hussein for nothing!
What is the difference between a baby and a feminist	Eventually, the baby grows up and stops crying. Edit: This turned fun!
What sex position gives birth to the ugliest children	Ask your parents.
What made the vampire a gentlemen	They would always ask their girlfriend before they came inside.
What happens when you piss off a pepper	They get jalapeno business.
What does a physics cow say	
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe	Roberto.
What do you call a bread that's not too bright	a dimwheat
What's Big	My ass.
What do the Green Bay Packers and Monica Lewinsky have in common	They both like Clinton-Dix
What do you call a bear without teeth	A gummy bear. I know it's bad, but everyone deserves a good arsenal of dad jokes.
What is Chuck Liddell's favorite fruit	The Grapple...
What does a feminist pick up from the post office	Their femail
What seemed to be the parrots problem	Prolly wanted a cracker!
What's the difference between a house cleaner and a thief	The way they enter your house.
What did the 0 say to the 8	... Hey, nice belt..
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and  down	A: Barney in an elevator.
What is Hitler's favorite reality show	The Amazing Race
What was Jeffrey Dahmer's favorite snack	Chopped dates.
What did the baby computer say to his father	Data!
What's the Al-Qaeda's favourite sports team	The New York Jets (   )
What did the food say to the other food, while inside a stomach	I won't digest yet.
What is the only meat a Catholic Priest is allowed to eat on Good Friday	Nun
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	(slightly nsfw) a dicktater
What is Homer Simpsons favorite bread	Sour-Doh!
What can you never get from a gay person	a straight answer. Accepting alternate answers in the comments
What do you call a gay T-Rex	A Dino-sore-ass.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Poop
What do a carjacker and pervert have in common	They're always cracking in-ya-windows!
What did the bird say when he flew over K-Mart	Caw Caw why'd my natural habitat get replaced with 165 000 square feet of consumerist wasteland lol
What's the stupidest prank someone tried pulling on you	My sister just told me she was pregnant and I was the father. Does she really think I'm that dumb? I'm 100% sure she's on birth control.
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common	Their greatest hits are on the wall.
What did the other nose say to the other nose when it was crying	It told it a Nak-Nak joke! (In my language Urdu, Nak means nose.)
What does a pedophile and a tortoise have in common	They both want to get there before the hare.
What does the German President wear	Leader-hosen.
What do you call an Irish J-Pop singer	Rady O'Gaga
What do you call a bass player without a GF	Homeless.
What do 9 out of 10 people call a good time	Gang rape.
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts	Boy Scouts come back from their camps.
What did the Duck say to the Prostitute	Put it on my bill
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea	Trump has never had a garbanzo on his face.
What do you call a gay Frenchman	A faguette. (Sorry if offensive)
What do lesbian couples do when they are both on their periods	finger paint!
What is something that cannot lift off the ground	Your career
What do you call the useless objects a company possesses	Asshats (assets - asshats)
What do you get when you send a duck backwards in time to the moment before you sent the duck	A Pair-a-ducks.
what happens after kidz bop 68	are they gonna skip a number or just go for it or what
What do you call someone pretending to nice to people just to get upvotes	karma chameleon
What do you call a burnt nugget	nigget
What do you call a baby Cosmonaut	Yuri Googoogagarin. ^I'll ^see ^myself ^out...
What do you call a black guy who fly's a plane for a living	A PILOT you fucking racist!
What do you call an experienced Nazi doctor who treats animals	A veteran Aryan
What is a dentist's favorite musical instrument	A tuba toothpaste.
What does a stoner do to work out	Kush ups
What do you call a really extraordinary farmer	A man outstanding in his field.
What kind of fun does a priest have	Nun.
What is hitlers favorite letter	I'm not sure but I can tell you it's not z
What did Victoria say to the tailor	I'm a Taylor too.
Whats the hardest part of watching an Orphanage burn	Not getting hard.
What do you call a 3 humped camel	Pregnant.
What are a Corporation's Favourite Letters	Capital I's
What does a pirate say when he turns 80	Aye Matey. might be a repost sorry if it is!
What do you get when you cross human DNA and goat DNA	A strongly worded reprimand from the university's board of regents, and an immediate withdrawal of your funding.
what amusement park ride do jews not really care for	the holocuaster
What are 3 things you can't give a black man	A fat lip, A black eye and, a job. I had too..
What is black, white, and red all over	Interracial double penetration
What do you call a preponderance of the evidence that your drink has been compromised	Probable Cosby
What does a news anchor say during sex	this just in
What's the feminine name for the Internet Highway	e-Lane
What is the difference between straight and bisexual	A 6 pack and a backrub
What's the best Disney song to listen to while having a threesome	You've Got a Friend in Me
What do you call an Irishman sitting in your Backyard	Paddy O'Furniture
What is the most racist house chore	Laundry, because you have to sort the whites from the colors.
What does a crow with a cold sound like	Caw-ph, Caw-ph, caw-ph.
What do you call it when you poop a little bit in your pants by accident	A shituation.
What do you call Jewish folk from New Jersey	Orange juice.
What did the blind, deaf, mute girl get for Christmas	? Cancer.
What is owned by you but mostly... What is owned by you but mostly used by others	Your name! -
What did Captain Ahab say when he harpooned a whale's tail fin on the first try	Well that was a fluke.
What do you get when you mix a communist and a capitalist	Bernie sanders
What do you call a waterfall that's all dried up	A waterfell.
What do you call it when a banana eats another banana	Canabananalism
What does GOP mean	GOP"" is onomatopoeic: it's the sound of anonymous penetration in public bathrooms late at night. -&amp;y
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Poop, duh.
What's the best part about twenty two year old wheels of cheese	There are twenty of them.
What do pedophile sex-tourists and napalm have in common	They can both strip a Vietnamese orphan in under a minute.
What does a Mexican magician use	A magic Juan
What did Lochte say after his teammates told the police what really happened	...and I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you medaling kids!
What do doctors do with the foreskins from circumcisions	Sell them to gay guys as chewing gum.
What does a fish say when it swims into a concrete wall	Dam!
What has got two legs and bleeds	Half a dog!
What did the wife say to the undertaker when he started hitting his broken down car	Stop beating a dead hearse!
What's the difference between tuna, a piano and glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
What's trumps favorite movie	Wall-e
What are you doing tonight	Your wife.
Q: What's Clinton's favorite baseball team	A: The Dodgers.
What do you call a stupid arachnid	A spiDUUUUUUUR
What makes Skrillex skillful at the chemistry lab	He rocks at *dropping the base.*
What do you call a person with no skin	Dead. Another anti-joke by the fabulous me. Surprisingly, nobody has down voted the first one yet.
What is the title of the new Vietnamamese  cookbook	100 way to wok your dog.
What's the best thing about fucking twenty one year olds	There are twenty of them.
What's the worst thing about being Thai	Everyone automatically assumes you have a small dick, even though you're a female.
What do you call a woman with no legs	Disabled.
what kind of nut does Spock hate the most	pekhan
What did Josh say when asked if his sister was good in bed	I Duggar.
What happens when redditors die	RIP in box
What's Tom Brady's favorite sport	Softball.
What do you get when you cross an iPad with a Christmas Tree	A PiNEAPPLE! Get it? ;-D
What's the national bird of Pakistan	US Army Drone
What's an African's least favorite appetizer	E - Bola Soup
What starts with ""p,"" ends with ""s,"" and is really long	Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
What do you call a gigolo donkey	Hee-Haw
What does a guy from Philly dunk his pretzel in	a girl from Jersey.
What's worse than finding a worm on your apple	The Holocaust
What is a gay horse's favorite meal	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay
What's E.T. short for	So he can fit in his spaceship.
What do you call an unwanted sext	A molext.
What is the cruelest thing you can do to a blind person	'Caution- Hot surface' in braille.
What do you get when you cross an Italian with a gorilla	A retarded gorilla.
What do Walruses and Tupperware have in common	They're both looking for a tight seal.
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and Lena Dunham	Lena Dunham wrote the book about it.
Whats a frogs favourite website	? REDDIT
What's black and blue and hates sex	The boy scout in my trunk.
What kind of pickles does Miley Cyrus like in her relish	twerkins
What do you call drunken cunnilingus	Lick'er.
What do you call an Asian woman with a white boyfriend	A sex slave.
What's red and smells like green paint	Red paint
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, because he's not a full ese.
What's something a third wave feminist can't take	A joke.
What would you call an additional day added to the week	Sumday
What did the stormtrooper say when he was frying Luke's aunt and uncle	I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning Beru.
What is it called when a ship attacks their own navy	Edit: Whoops wrong sub.
[NSFW] What kind of birds do prostitutes like	Swallows.
What do you call a newborn with 3 arms	Not mine
What's worse than raining cats and dogs	Hailing taxi cabs! Got this from a joke book my niece got for Christmas. Most of them were groaners but this one actually made me laugh!
What does an Ethiopian eat for breakfast	sand.
What do you call a flying dinosaur who always gives you a chance	A Fairodactyl
What is the common enemy of frostbite victims and dairy products	Lack-toes Intolerance.
What do you call a black priest	...holy shit im not racists or anything
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye matey!
What do you call a black woman in space	An astronaut, you douchebag.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye matey.
What's better than winning the lottery	Winning it the day after your divorce comes through.
What did the Calvinist say after he fell down the stairs	Well, glad I got that over with.
What kind of meat do vegan priests eat	Nun!
What has four wheels and flies	A garbage truck. I'm sorry.
What's the difference between Chris Brown and a Tesla	The Tesla gets fewer battery charges in a year.
What's China's national colour	Censo-red.
What is common between a priest and acne	Both start cumming on your face when you turn 13.
Whats the most politically divided animal	The polar bear.. I'll see myself out...
What does a rich guy from Israel wear	Jewelry.
What do you call a dyslexic insomniac philosopher	A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
What do 9/10 people enjoy	Gang rape
What do you get when you plant a loaf of bread	A bakery.
What do you call a letter from a feminist	Hate male.
What's similar between a racehorse and a leaky faucet	They're both off and running.
What is a pirates favorite letter	Arrrr, but his true love be the sea
What did the grape say when the elephant stood on it	Nothing it just let out a little wine !
What did water say when it found out hydrogen is a diatomic	H2? Oh!
What's the difference between Karate and Judo	Karate is a martial art and Judo is used to make bagels.
What do you get when you cross a rooster and a telephone pole	?? A 30 foot cock that helps you reach out and touch someone!
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One's a Goodyear. The other's a **great** year.
Q: What is the lightest thing in the world	A: A penis because just a thought can lift it
What's the fastest liquid on earth	Milk. It's pasteurized before you see it.
[nsfw] What's worse than 10 dead babies nailed to a tree	1 dead baby nailed to 10 trees.
What do cats listen to during their free time	they listen to podcats.
What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich	I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
What's green and furry and smells like pig	Kermit the Frog's finger
What do you call a lemon that has sex with its family	In*zest*uous
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery	One of them shucks between fits.
Whats the last thing that went through Sally's mind after jumping from a skyscraper	Her ankles.
What color do you think Eddie Smurphy was	Blue, you racists
What do you call a line of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hare line.
What do Wolverine and Bruce Jenner have in common	They are both X-Men
what never gets old	a miscarriage.
What's do you get when you mix a zebra and a donkey	I am not sure but I think it will come out a bit zonkey
What did the wife spider say to her husband when he tried to explain why he was late	Your spinning me a yarn here !
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter	...Irrelephant.
What's the smallest thing in the universe	A pebble caught between the wrinkle of a flea's ball.
What do you give a teenage girl who can't even	A two-torial!
Q: What do you call a blind dinosaur	A: An Idontthinkhesaurus.
What does a man with a 10 inch dick eat for breakfast	Well today I had bacon, fried eggs, toast, and milk.
What is the best way to manage a full inbox	Hillary Clinton
What's the code name for a nitrogen molecule	Double 07.
What did Naruto say at his mentor'a funeral	Bereave it.
What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Ted Cruz	Heidi cannot swing a golf club.
What kind of medicine do Ants use when they have eye problems	Ant-Eye Biotics (Dad joke, I know)
What's the Difference between 3 dicks and a Joke	Your mom can't take a joke
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $300 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What's the worst part about giving your dad a blowjob	His dick tastes like your brothers asshole! (ba dum tiss)
What do you call a security blanket for a mentally handicapped person	A downs comforter.
What's the best thing a Star Wars fan would like to find in his garden	Princess Leia with her tits out
What's so lame about a duck President	Pieces of bread, quacking, getting into all types of duck antics in the Oval Office! I'm game!
What is Rihanna's favorite song	I can't feel my face when i'm with you
What is the difference between a dog and a mailbox	If you don't know you must lose a lot of mail.
What's a mailmans favorite organ	Da Liver
What does Dick Cheney call rape	Enhanced Seduction Techniques.
What did the lawyer say to the other lawyer	We're both lawyers.
What do you call soup that you've found a hair in	Rabbit Soup :D
What's the only bank franchise that doesn't have ATMs	Sperm banks.
What do you call an arrogant prisoner walking down the stairs	Condescending. ;)
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing indians.
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window	Start swimming
What do you call a bloke with a bus on his head	Dead.
What's the difference between Einstein and Kim Kardashian	Einstein is famous for special relativity, Kim is famous for simple reality tv.
Q: What can save a dying blonde	A: Hair transplants.
What did the penis say to the testicles	There's a vas deferens between us
What the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple	Pimples wait until puberty to come on your face.
What do you call a cow with no front legs	Lean Beef
What do you call a horse that's a criminal	A Zebra.
What do you get when you cross an octopus with a cow	A stern rebuke from the Ethics Committee, and an immediate cessation of funding.
What's thr difference between the chinese and racism	Racism has many faces.
What do you get when you watch a lumberjack chop down a tree	bored. ha^ha
What is the difference between Ironman and Ironwoman	Ironman is a superhero, Ironwoman is a command.
What do Eskimos and Tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal!
What would people call Ryan Lochte if he went to jail	Ryan Locht-up
What goes on forever with no head	A loveless marriage.
What do you call a space alien in a hoodie	Treyvon Martian
What do you call a routed Greek army	A Failanx
What is the male cover band of The Cranberries called	Boysenberries
What's 11q minus 1q	You're welcome.
What did the young digital clock say to its Grandfather clock	Look Grandpa, no hands!
What do jews and people of GTA have in common	You get chased if you have a star
What do you get if you cross a rapist with a tractor	Fertilizer
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $40 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you get when you combine a recliner with a fruit	A chairy.
What do you call a gamer girl on her period	Red ring of death.
What do they call a monastery key that opens all doors	Monk key
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	Dubai doesn't like the flintstones, but the people of Abu Dhabi doo
What did one tampon say to another tampon	Nothing, They were both stuck-up bitches.
What's the opposite of quantum physics	Logic. (If you don't like physics jokes, just keep movin') ...(if you don't like math jokes, trust me, sometimes it makes a difference).
What's Rick Ross's favorite nursery rhyme	Ring Around the Rooooozaaay.
What is a Furman freshman doing when he grasps  at thin air	Collecting his thoughts.
What happens if you castrate a corn cob	It becomes a eunuchcorn.
What is the worst way to find out you just came into money	via sticky notes
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut, you racist bastard.
What did Pac-Man say when he almost got run over	I'm Waka-Waka-Waka-Walking here!
What is 6.9	A great thing ruined by a period.
What do you call a fat alcoholic	A heavy drinker.
What type of sea creature do Chinese fishermen catch	Crust-asian
What does a tornado and a red-neck divorce have in common	Either way someone's going to lose a trailer.
what did the leper say to the hooker	keep the tip
What's the most popular search engine in Israel	They surf the Net On Yahoo.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $5 to have a garbanzo bean on me.
What has 9 arms, 7 legs, 4 heads, and 13 feet	The finish line of the Boston Marathon.
What kind of bar do fish go to	A sand bar.
What toy should you never buy a Jewish child	A Bulldozer!
What's the difference between a woman and a video game	I don't get an erection when I beat a video game.
What's the difference between Michael j. Fox and an earthquake	Earthquakes stop shaking
What is Long and narrow and becomes bigger when given a blow	A balloon.
What happened to the cant when it ate a ball of wool	What happened to the cat when it ate a ball of wool? It had mittens
What are the three biggest lies an Oklahoma State fan tells	I WON this belt buckle, I OWN that truck, and I swear to God I was just helping that sheep over the fence.
what do you call somebody who hates shoes from Asia	A lacist.
What do Mormon's and tweekers have in common	Both ride bicycles and bust mission.
What if the pilgrims had shot a Bobcat instead of a Turkey	(NSFW) We'd be eating pussy for Thanksgiving!
What do fish think about air	It's UN-B-REATHABLE!
What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other	A speech impediment.
What do Batman films and religious farms have in common	They may have a Christian Bale in them.
What does a mole think, when he digs trough lower Austria	Make way, children.
What's a Mexicans favorite protein	Whey
What is a Christians Favorite Insect	The Praying Mantis
What's the difference between woman's breasts and a box of matches	The matches are made for adults, but kids constantly grab'em and play with them. The situation is quite opposite with breasts.
What did the vampire lizard say to his next victim	Iguana suck your blood!
What's the difference between 9/11 and a dead cow	You can't keep milking the dead cow for 13 years
[OC] What do you call a Portable Sperm Bank	Your Momma. Happy Mother's Day folks
What do you do to an elephant with 3 balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
What's the difference between Australia and yogurt	At least if you leave yogurt alone for a while it develops a culture.
What did the decimal say to his wife	Damn girl, I'm about to decimate dat ass.
What do you call a Russian on a golf course	Vladimir Puttin'
What do you call a bad riddle	Voldemort
What do you call a Mexican who likes little kids	A pedrophile.
What is the worst joke you have ever Heard	I'll start it off: Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The Ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
What does a cat like to eat on his birthday	Mice cream and cake!
What happens when you take a joke too far	The 45th President of the United States of America.
What do you call a psychic midget who just escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
What do you call a witch who drives really badly	A road hag.
What's Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card	Blue-Eyes White Dragon
What does Cinderella say when she gets to the ball	*cough* *cough*
What do you find in a rythmic bakery	A-bun-dance
What does the H. in Jesus H. Christ stand for	Hallmark. God cares enough to send the very best.
What's a Neckbeard's favourite curry	Chicken tikka m'sala
What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench	The NBA.
What's the difference between eating out pussy and drinking American Beer	Pussy only tastes like piss in the beginning.
What do you call a monkey terrorist	A Baboom!
What did the greek cow say	
What is a rapper's favorite tea	Black boo-tea
What did the black hole say to the Catholic priest	I'm sorry, father. I'm rather critical of mass.
What is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish	Meat stroganoff
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rabbit	A dead rabbit with a big hole.
What's the only thing worse than a poop joke	A corny poop joke. You can really visualize it.
What's the difference between America and yogurt	One has culture.
What's the difference between a baby and A goat	When my goat died, I couldn't bring myself to eat it.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes, legs, or genitalia? Still no fucking eye deer.
What does a mermaid stoner smoke	Seaweed.
What do you call a beautiful girl in Boston	A tourist.
What's white, digs holes in your garden and helps with headaches	A paracetamole!
What did the giraffe say to the conspiracy theorist	Nothing, giraffes aren't real.
What is the definition of suspicion	A nun doing push ups in a cucumber field.
What's the difference between watts and ohms	Watts are a unit of electrical energy. Ohms are where British people live.
What's a moo hoo for a young calf	A new moo!
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam	??? I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What do you call a reptile wearing a vest	An investigator. Ba dum tss.
What do you do when you are riding on the back of a zebra, right next to a camel, and a lion won't stop chasing you	Get off the carousel, dumb ass. You're drunk.
What did Caesar say when was in agreement	I came. I saw. I concurred.
What happened to Lady Godiva's horse when he saw she had no clothes on	It made him shy!
what do you call fake spaghetti	impasta.
What do you call a lesbian who doesn't believe in gods	A gay-theist. EDIT: Spelling error. whoops
What did the horse say when it walked into the bar	ouch...
What do you call someone who has discovered nirvana	A Buddhist Or a Teenager who thinks they are now greater than everyone else Older people might not feel this joke
What did the Oxen say to his son moving out	Bison
What's similar between Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd	Both of their last big hits were the wall.
What do you get when you cross a fag and a dairy farm	A Dairy Queen
What are the three ""O""s of bad driving	Old. Oriental. Ovaries.
What do women's breasts and toy trains have in common	A: They're both intended for children... But, it's usually the father that play with them the most!
What do we want	SOME GOOD DECISIONS! When do we want them? BEFORE LAST NIGHT!
What do you call a rhinoceros crossed with an elephant	el' if I know.
What do you get if you cross a tiger  with a sheep	A stripey sweater !
What's the difference... ...between a piano, a fish, and glue	You can tune a piano but you can't tuna fish ""What about the glue?"" I knew you'd get stuck on that.
What do you call a man who jokes that women always make mountains out of molehills	An ambulance.
What do Japanese men do when they have erections	Vote
What did the waitress say to the man who wouldn't stop staring at her while she refilled his glass	Take a pitcher, it'll last longer!
What does Putin's boyfriend say when he wants sex	Putin, Putitin
What do you call a vampire whose car breaks down 3 miles from a blood bank	A cab.
what did one eye say to the other eye ""I don't know about you but something smells between us"" and then the the other eye says, ""what, the nose or the asshole its stuck in	
What do engineers use for birth control	Their personality.
What do you call alcohol distilled by the Avengers' enemies	Hydra-Gin
What's the difference between a football player and a bank robber	The bank robber says: Give me the money or I will shoot! The football player says: Give me the money or I won't shoot.
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	A canoe tips.
What's a cow's favorite moosical note	Beef-flat!
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts
What's big and grey and wears a mask	The elephantom of the opera !
What's Forrest Gump's password	1forrest1.
What's the best part about being an alcoholic stand-up comedian	If you're good you get laughs, and if you're bad you get booze.
What do you get when you put mice in the oven	Mice crispies.
What do gay horses eat	hayyyy
What would you get if you crossed the  Easter Bunny with a leprechaun	The Easter Blarney!
What did the dog say to the pig	You are such a bore.
What doesn't belong in this group, A lobster, an octopus, a crab, or a chinese man under a bus	The octopus, obviously, the three others are crustaceans.
What do you call meat on the back of a cow	Aspergers
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wipe his ass
What do you call a boat whose captain has no idea what he's doing and works for free	The Internship
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag	A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
What do men and beer bottles have in common	They are both empty from the neck up.
What came first, the chicken or the egg	The rooster did.
What do you get when you cross a bumble bee with a rabbit	A honey bunny.
What's SpongeBob's worst personality trait	He's way too self-absorbent
What's the difference between 2015 and Moore's Law	One's the year of the ram, the other is the ram of the year.
What is the worst part of eating vegetables	The wheelchairs.
What do buccaneers let off on bonfire night	Piratechnics!
What did Magic Johnson give his teammates after winning an NBA title	A HI-V (high five)
What's the difference between a Chinese man and a lobster under a bus	Nothing. They're both crustacians.
What's the worst thing about eating vegetables	Putting them back in the wheelchair when you're done.
What's Jared from Subway's favorite chord	A flat minor
What is the thinnest book in the world	What Men Know About Women
What's the temperature inside a tauntaun	Luke warm.
What did the farmer say when his fat pig  wouldn't fit into the pen	There's more there than meets the sty.
What does idk stand for	Literally everyone I ask doesn't know.
What do you call the female version of Donald Trump	
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	BMWs have the pricks on the inside!
What was the name of the Mongolian warlord's favorite cow	Angus Khan
What's the difference between a cow and The Bible	You can't milk a cow for 2,000 years.
What's the smartest thing that ever came out of Einstein's wife's mouth	Einstein's dick.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What do you call a bus filled with white people	A twinkie.
What happens when you throw a laptop into the ocean	You have a Dell, rolling in the deep.
What did the blind prostitute say to the guy with five dicks	I don't see where you're coming from.
What's the last thing you want to see on the reddit frontpage	This joke. PS: You don't think so? Prove me wrong.
What do you call pants that can fly	Peter Pants I just made it up
What do you get when you cross a raccoon, and a steam roller	Rascal Flatts.
What do you call a constipated mason	A brick-layer.
What do you call a witness to an event in the Middle East	A Dubaistander. Yeah I thought of it myself.
What kind of couch do gay people buy	Homo-Sectionals
What's a prison executioners favorite beer	Shock-top
What did one condom say to the other while passing a gay bar	Lets go in there and get shit faced.
What do you get when you cross egg whites with a bomb	A boomerang
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A faggot with dentures.
What do you call a flat-breasted french woman	Petits
What do you call a fake noodle	an impasta.
What happened when the pig ran into his ex	there was a porkward silence
What's beef jerky	Dried parts of a cow that had Parkinson's.
What did the primary rainbow say to the  secondary rainbow	-Your pants are on backwards
What do you call a prostitute drinking tea in Seattle	Hooker Tea Washington.
What is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking!
What's long and black	The unemployment line
What do you call a ring of iron atoms	A ferrous wheel.
What's the difference between porn and music	Volume...
What is it called when you teach a girl to be a hooker	Prostitutoring
What do you call a midget physic that has escaped from prison	? A small medium at large
What do you get when you mix birth control and LSD	A trip without kids.
What did the mama frog say to the baby frog when they left for a party	You better amphi-BE-ON your best behavior.
What is a mouse's favourite game	Hide and squeak !
What do you call a woman on her period	A bloody cunt.
what do you call Coq Au Vin made with Two Buck Chuck	Chick n' Chuck!
What do the Zika virus and Catholic priests have in common	They both give kids a little head.
What tea do hockey players drink	Penaltea!
What did the 1 gay guy say to the other gay guy in a bar	Can I push in your stool.
What are most people afraid of about Hilary Clinton	Her Penis
What's the integral of 2x with the limits from 10 to 13	A good time ;)
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the bunko squad	A small medium at large.
What is big and red and rolls over in the snow	Santa Claus hit in the balls!
Whats worse than having a lobster on yer piano	Having crabs on yer organ!
What does a Jewish man, an Asian man, and a black man have in common	They all like cantaloupe.
What do you get when you cross a tiger with a cabbage	Man-eating coleslaw.
What's a orphans first words	I don't know. But it sure as hell isn't mommy or daddy.
What do you call an Eskimo peeping tom	Tukaluk
What does a kangaroo and a banana have in common	They both can't ride a bike.
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable	Aids.
What the difference between a feminist and a knife	A knife has a point.
Whats's Glenn's favourite restaurant	Popeyes
What is the difference between Napoleon and his son	One is a Bonaparte from the other.
what do you do if you see your ex , running around in your front yard covered in blood and screaming for help	stay calm . reload . and try again.
What is a salad's favorite type of road	A bowl-ivard
What do you call a group of alcoholics with the same name	Alcoholics synonymous.
What food makes women stop having sex	A wedding cake
What's the most efficient way to break up with someone	Murder. I had to post this to r/jokes to keep from implicating myself
What do you get when you mix Michael Jordan with Donald Trump	A Dunkin' Donut.
What's the difference between a blind sniper and a constipated owl	Everything. They have absolutely nothing in common.
What is Billy Joel's favorite Bill Murray movie	Caddyshack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack.
What's the difference	What's the difference between a colorful explosion in the sky and a black person? Fire works.
What is a ghosts favourite job	Tax Inspectre
What does a girl want more than anything in the world	Nothing. She's fine.
Q: What do you call a cheap circumcision	A: A Rip Off
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy	Inheritance.
What language do bill boards use	Sign language.
Q: What is Irish and stays on your patio, even when it rains	A: Patty O'Furniture.
What do you call a cow with three legs	Lean beef. What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak. What do you call a cow with two legs? Your mom.
What's the most cleanest animal on the planet	A Hygiena.
WHAT DO WE WANT AMERICA	ROCK HARD ABS!!! WHEN DO WE WANT THEM? RIGHT AFTER WE FINISH THIS BOX OF DOUGHNUTS!!!
What does a terrorist tell hes son	Aim to the sky, maybe you'll shoot a plane.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	[nsfw] I don't fuck my sandwich before I eat it. (Although they're terrible I can't help but to love dead baby jokes)
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	Wa-TA
What's bad about being a black Jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What's the first rule for hitting on girls	Hit them where it won't show.
What do you call a Crazy Female Deer	A Doenut
Q: What can you do if you don't like the Prelude in C Sharp Minor	A: Turn Rachmanin off.
What do you get when an Investment banker jumps off a cliff	A Con descending Altitude.
What's the difference between a reindeer and a snowball	They're both brown except the snowball.
What do you call a guy with 4 penises who can breathe underwater	Aquatic.
What's the difference between a steampunk bike and a regular bike	On a steampunk bike the gears don't do anything.
What do you call a Mexican that had his car stolen	Carloss
What do you call a fish poop born out of wedlock	A bass-turd
What do you call a broken lizard	Ereptile dysfunction
What's the difference between a slut and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
What did the blind, innocent, sweet, paraplegic 7 year old boy get for his birthday	Cancer.
What do the janitors clean the Reddit office with	Derpentine.
What do you call Justin Bieber's singing	Canada Dry.
What do you call a bench with white people	the NBA
What happened to the man with a legal fetish when he went to court for his parking ticket	He got off on a technicality
What do you call a gay orgy	A fruit salad
What happens when you shoot a black man	You go to jail for impersonating a police officer...
What did the fruit say to the vegetable before dinner	Lettuce, pray.
What political ideology does Hades consider himself to be apart of	Plutocracy
What do you call a fat man in a white t-shirt	A Man-in-a-tee.
What is an alcoholic's favorite book	Tequila Mockingbird
What stories are told by basketball  players	Tall stories!
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What do michael jackson and Mcdonald's have in common	they both put thirty year old meat in five year old buns
What do you call a lazy baker	A loafer...
What did the overbearing mother melon say to her son and his girlfriend	You Cantaloupe.
What's the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend	Having to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
What do you get when you clone a cyborg	A cyclone.
What's a dinosaur's favourite poetic meter	Ptero-Dactyls
What's the difference between a tire and 365 condoms	One's a Goodyear, and the other's a great year. x/post from r/funny
What is a Jawa's favorite vegetable	Zucchini
Whats the last thing to go through a bugs mind as it hits the windshield of your car	Its asshole.
What do you call a half Mexican half German person	A Beaner Schnitzel.
what lives in a box and needs air	a U.S veteran.
What do you get when you cross a hippo, an elephant, and a rhino	Helefino.
What has four hairy legs and likes to fuck my sister	My dad and I.
What's the most important part of a terrorist joke	The execution. (   )
What has happened to common sense these days	Its become nothing but pocket change.
What do you call an immature carrot	A baby carrot.
Whats it called when you give a dolphin food for it to do a trick	Squid Pro Quo
What do you call a mod in r/News	[Removed]
What do you get when you inject human DNA into a goat	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What do you get if you cross a computer with a  hamburger	A big mac.
What do you call a can made in Mexico	A Mexican.
What's the worlds strongest animal	A 'buff'alo
What do you call a good fortune teller	Optimystic
What does an EA-18 and Bob Marley have in common	They both are jamming people.
What does ""Maginot Line"" get translated to in English	Speed bump ahead
What is the loneliest number	My phone number, call me please! #Please don't
What does the ghost of Al Pacino say	Boo-ah!
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry gets to take the train back.
Whats the difference between a regular horse and a police horse	The police horse has an extra asshole on its back. :&gt;
what did they start calling the timelord after he started frequenting one too many prostitutes	doctor whore
What do the Zika Virus and Catholic Priests have in common	They're both giving kids a little head all over Latin America.
What does the calm zombie say to the agitated zombie	Decompose yourself.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield	A baboom.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield	A baboom!
what do you call a 3 humped camel	Pregnant
Q: What's the highest form of praise you can receive from a pimp	A: A back-handed compliment.
What did the Monkey say when his bath was too hot	Ooh-Ooh-Aah- Aah
What's the opposite of a somersault	A winter pepper.
What is the difference between a millennial and a gun	A gun only has one trigger.
whats worse than a dead cat on the piano	a diseased beaver on your organ...
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	U. Because U keep reposting this joke.
What do you call a a a a aoohhh	Yo mama last night bro.
What do you find with 4 Catholics	A fifth.
What is the most exciting sport in the world	Camping. Its in tents.
Q: What do pelicans eat	A: Anything that fits the bill.
What do you call the Easter Bunny with fleas	Bugs Bunny
What is the difference between Detroit and Cleveland	5 years.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph because he's not a full ese.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter your dick in someone's asshole
What are calories	Little elves that tighten your waistband on your pants a little every night
What does a redditer say when he reads a joke on r/jokes	We saw that same joke two days ago
What did Data find in Picard's gym sock	The Next Generation
What is Bill Clinton's favorite instrument	The Whore-Monica
What do you do in 5 minutes that you then suffer for for 9 months	A school application.
What's 13 inches long, stiff, and makes a woman scream all night long	Crib-death
What do you call a fake noodle	An impasta
What Hillary's word for a bribe	Pay her and she'll speak to you about it.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	Hand eyeeeeeeeeee
What do you call it when two Vietnamese people are together	A Nguyen Nguyen situation.
What did Sherwock say to Watsun while vacationing in Tokyo	Well done, old Jap.
What is the worst thing you can do to a blind man	Leave the plunger in the toilet.
What do you call a Mexican fist-fighting with a pedophile	Alien vs. Predator
What did the programmer call his ship	Sea++
What are cats favorite Internet Service provider	Comcat.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	Getting her back in the wheelchair
What's the difference between a yoghurt and the USA	If left for 400 years, the yoghurt will develop a culture.
What do you call a fake psychic who was found out and now shoots up in ditches	A high medium low
What's the closest synonym to a love boat	A relation-ship.
What's the best part about taking advice from r/relationships	You'll never have to worry about being in a long-term relationship.
What do I get when I raise up a platform to play Mozart	Amadeus on my dais.
What's the longest word in the world	Smiles. Because there's a mile between each 'S'.
What do you call a group of pillaging Huns	An army of Hun-dread.
What's brown, and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a goat that likes cheese with their pasta	Maaaac
What would Jesus do	Get nailed to a cross and bleed out.
Whats the difference between seeing a rapist in the daytime and seeing a rapist at night	At night you can only see the eyes and the grill.
What's the hard part about breaking up with a Japanese person	You have to drop the bomb twice so they get the message
What can you put at the end of a sentence, to make it funnier	The punchline.
What do you call 4 Mexicans trying to cross a river	Quatro-cinco
What's the best way to get to the mental hospital	Take the psychopath!!
Q: What to you call Batman and Robin after they've been run over by a car	A: Flatman and Ribbon
What is green and goes slam, slam, slam, slam	A four door pickle!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*SLURP*
What did one lesbian cannibal say to the other lesbian cannibal	Eat me out
What do you call a fallen tree in a forest	Natural log. Sorry about the math joke.
What do you call a seagull that flies by the bay	a bagel
What is reddits least favorite dish	Kung Pao Chicken
What do you call it when a Mexican digs their feet under the sand	Bury-toes. Hah hah
What do you call a non-violent venereal disease	Ghandi-rhea
What's the longest you've ever stared at your phone without glancing up to look at the road while driving	For me it's three weeks.
What did the mother Buffalo say when her boy left for college	BYE-SON!
What do you get when you cross a dairy farmer with someone who moulds and fires clay	A dairy potter.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	Sorry, it's going to take me a while to get hard, I got laid last night.
What's the similarity between a blonde and a tornado	In the beginning there's a lot of sucking and blowing but then she takes half your house
What do you call a dinosaur having brunch	Tea-Rex
what do you call a gang made up of cookies	oatmeal raisin hell
What's white on top and black on the bottom	A: Society.
What did the physicist have for lunch	Fission chips.
What do you call a rich muslim god	Ballah
Q: What do Israeli soldiers do when they get bored	A: They go over to the West Bank & the Gaza Strip and get stoned.
What letter do pirates guess most often on Wheel of Fortune	T. Modern pirates are most likely based in Somalia, and T is the most common consonant in the Somali Latin alphabet.
What is the speed limit of Sex	68, because at 69, you eat it.
Whats Super Mario's Favorite Website	Yahoo!
What is the easiest way to get chewing gum out of your hair	Cancer.
What do you name a girlfriend you haven't had for a long time	Palmela Handerson
What do cannibal parents tell their kids when they become picky eaters	Eat the vegetables
What is Santa's motto	Wrap your package before you shove it down the chimney.
What did Ted Cruz's wife get after being elbowed by him	A Ted Bruz
What did the pink panther say as he skipped down the sidewalk	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant dead annnnnt, deaaad ant.
What is true and false at the same time	This
What do you call a sleeping bull	A bull-dozer.
What's black and doesn't work	Decaf, you racist sons of bitches.
What is a bear after it is 10 years old	11 years old.
What did one gay sperm say to the other	?? Wanna get shit faced?!
What is the opposite of an autist	A socialist.
Q: What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A: A roamin' Catholic!
What are some pros of living in Switzerland	Well the flag is a big plus
WHAT'S UP WITH ALL THE SILENT TREATMENT	! ~me, drunk, at a wax museum
What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches	On one hand, you have a watch... But on the other hand, you have a watch.
What did one gay sperm say to the other gay sperm	How the hell are we going to find any eggs in all this shit!
What kind of car does a Japanese chef drive	Rolls Rice
What does a blonde say after having sex	Are you all on the same team?
What's the difference between an M&amp;M and a tiny mute in your tuna sandwich screaming for help	One melts in your mouth, one mouths in your melt.
What's the difference between a famous book by Dickens and a woman who buys fake boobs	One is a Tale of Two Cities...
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Nut	The wallnut.
What do you call a family of Jewish robots	The Cybergs
What function do the bumps on a nipple serve	Its brail for, ""Suck This.
What's E.T. short for	Because he's got little legs.
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong *walked on the moon* but Michael Jackson was a *pedophile.*
What is the temperature inside a tauntaun	Luke warm!
What was Hitler's favorite food	steamed Franks
What do you call a sleepy relative of a paper towel	A napkin.
What's Bruce Lee's favourite drink	WAAAAAATEEEEERRRR
What's a hipster's biggest problem	You probably haven't heard it.
What do you call someone who's representing a bike shop	A spokesperson.
What do you call a Russian road with a KFC and lots of prostitutes	The Road of Bones
What has 2 legs and bleeds profusely	Half a cat
What's the difference between a Porsche and a Porcupine	A Porcupine has the pricks on the outside
What do you call Stephen Hawking before he got motor neuron disease	Stephen Walkin
What do you call a gust of wind full of sand	A rough draft
Whats the difference between Taylor Swift and Adele	About fifty pounds
What's the correct term for an americano without cream or sugar	an African Americano
What's grey and comes in pints	An Elephant.
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	You don't cry when you chop up a hooker.
What's worse than waking up with a boner	Realizing it's not yours.
What does John F. Kennedy have in common with the current Democratic Party	No brains
What's a neckbeard's favorite pie	Lemon m'ringue pie
What is the difference between a GOOD and a BAD girl	A GOOD girl goes to a party, goes home then goes to bed. A BAD girl goes to a party, goes to bed then goes home.
What's long and hard and screws people	An exam.
What's the difference between a black man and batman	Batman can go into a store without Robin!
What instrument did Bill Clinton play	That whore Monica.
What is the Dothraki horde's favourite cheese	Khaloumi.
What came first: the chicken or the egg	The egg because I ate egg for breakfast and chicken for dinner.
What do you say to give an electrician encouragement	You conduit!
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea	I've never paid money to have a lentil on my face.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea	I've never paid money to have a lentil on my face!
Whats the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock down your throat.
What did one hat say to another	You stay here, I'll go on a head!
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Rabbit farts.
What was Justin Timberlake called when he was a kid	Justin Timberpuddle!
What did the 3D Vector say after making a bad joke	i j k
What's the definition of a cannibal	Some who goes into a restaurant and orders a waiter!
What do you call a guy in a suit sitting in a tree	Branch Manager
What is Romeo and Juliet's favorite fruit	Cantaloupe.
What else did Lochte say after the truth came out	This did not go swimmingly at all
What's another name for a ghost writer	A prose-titute.
What do you call pasta with ketchup	Spaghetto Ba-dum tss.
What does blue paint taste like	Exactly like red paint!
What did the bird say when it flew into the window	Owl
What do you call a pink slip served in a coffee bag	Grounds for termination!
What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room	Odor in the court!!!
What does Santa say to the elves after they make the toys	Leave my presents
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute	You only cry when you're cutting up one. Sorry if this is too 'dirty' a joke, just a change of pace I guess.
What is a Mathematician specializing in absolute numbers called	A Sith.
What do you call an overweight ET	An extra cholesterol !
What's the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist	A Catholic will say hello when he sees you in the liquor store.
What did they call Jesus Christ when he was crucified	Holy
What did the business man say to the gangster	Pull up your fucking pants.
What do gay people call each other on	Homophones!
What do gay people call each other on	Homophones.
What's the most famous line at a gay bar	Can I push in your stool?
What do dyslexic soldiers get after war	PDTS
What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus	Santa stops after three hos.
What kind of potato chips do dogs like best	RUFFles
What do you call a slightly impolite canadian dust devil	Da rude ""eh"" sandstorm
What is green and pecks on trees	Woody Wood Pickle !
What do gospel and interracial porn have in common	Gifted black people and constant calls to God.
What does a fat ballerina wear	A three-three
What would be different if men got pregnant	Maternity leave would last for two years with full pay and morning sickness would rank as the nation's #1 health problem.
what do you call a priest who quits to become a lawyer	..... a father in law.
What's the difference between Limburger cheese and my friend Ted	One is white and stinks, and the other is cheese. (As told to me by the UPS guy)
What is a great game for unvaccinated children	Marco Polio
What do u get when u mix a douche and a tool	Scottsdale.
What sentence is vastly shorter after you remove one word from it	Child porn
What did the psychiatrist say to the patient that showed up wearing Saran Wrap and nothing else	I can clearly see your nuts!
What did the mama pig say when junior pig bought a basket of wormy apples	Don't tell the farmer. He might charge us extra.
What is the philosophy of a necrophiliac	Sit back, relax and crack open a cold one
what is Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner's latest award	Tripod of the year.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Jerkey
what do you get when you squeeze a synagogue	Jooouice!
What's the difference between Hillary's e-mails and the UK leaving the EU	Hillary got off Scott-free.
What's the soft stuff between sharks' teeth	Slow swimmers
What do cows like to put on their hot dogs	moostard
What would the war be called if Donald Trump started war on the Mexicans	World war Juan
What's the one thing a hoarder has no trouble letting go of	Their mind
What's Mr. T's favorite band	the Foo Fighters
What's the one movie that Rick Astley won't let you borrow	He's never gonna give you Up.
What do you call a black guy flying an air plane	A pilot. You racist asshole.
what do you call a jamaican proctologist	POKE-MON!
What did the physicist say when his wife wanted to go jewelery shopping	I don't have the energy for this.
What is the pirate's favourite letter	C
What happens when almonds die	Diamond
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer	Ash credits to /u/nothingbutcold
What type of MMO's does the Taliban play	RPG's
What do you call a rabbit with fleas	Bugs Bunny.
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	Ten-ish.
What is a Redditors favorite animal	A cat because we are lonely... I need friends.
What is a downies favourite song	Hot potato. Hot potato.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Stroganoff
What do you call four drowning spanish teachers	Cuatro sinko. ;)
What has 90 balls and screws old women	Bingo!
Whats Saudi Arabia's highest rated sitcom	How I bought your mother
What advice did the frog give to the condom manufacturer	Rib it.
What do a Yugo and a bath have in common	You can't step out of them in public.
What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra	The bull has the horns in the front and the asshole in the back.
What did one stereo say to the other... What did one stereo say to the other when he got called down to the office for having no bass	Oooooh you're in treble
What has two asses and can kill you	An assassin
What's the big deal with the Dog Whisperer	My dog whispers all the time! ""Kill for me,"" he rasps.
What's a gay guy's favorite news station	The BBC.
What has four legs, two horns, and always brags about climbing really tall things	A mountain gloat.
What did the phone say to the other phone after a bad rejection	If you like it then you shudda put a ringtone on it.
What do you get if you cross a 20-year-old man, and 37 steak knives	25 years in prison
What's the best name for an atheist	Godfrey
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee.
What's a shark's favorite illegal substance	Reefer
What physical trait does a shapely woman who studies statistics have	Belle curves.
What's worse than seeing your dad's penis	Seeing your mum's.
What's the difference between a white baby and a black baby	20 minutes, thermostat 8.
What do you call it when Batman skips Church	Christian Bale.
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	A golfer goes, Whack! Damn! And a skydiver go Damn! Whack!
What do you call two doctors with colds	An ironic paradox.
What is the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
What's Trumps favourite super market	Walmart.
Q: What does Santa call his wife at tax  time	A: A dependent Claus.
What kind of fun do priests have	Nun
What's the hardest kind of waffle to find	A Carmen Sandy Eggo
What do you call a person who is a bit of a jew	Jew-ish
What did the shy pebble wish for	That it could be a little bolder!
What do you call a cow that got hit by a car	moo-tilated.
What do you call a warm glass of piss in the forest	A Bear trap.
What do you call a tight butthole	a noose
What did one egg say to the other	It's just a Yolk!!
What was the precursor to USB	USA
What did Vincent van Gogh call himself when he joined the Justice League	The Starry Knight
What's the difference between a quid and a pound	I can't quid my dick into your mom.
What do you call an snobbish criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What does an excited karate pupil say to his friend when greeting him	HIYAH!
What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet	Everyone thinks it's 'R', but his first love be the 'C'.
What do a good vacuum cleaner and a bad vacuum cleaner have in common	They both suck.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton	Bill has had sex in the White House.
What does a suburban neighbourhood do if there's a blackout	They lock their doors and windows.
What kind of Olive Oil do Reddit users use to masturbate	Extra Virgin
What's the best part of Christmas for Santa Clause	He knows where all the naughty girls live #*(   )*
What do you call a happy prosecutor	Smiles Edgeworth.
What makes cheerleaders nervous	Being late
What is the similarity between a psychologist and a prostitute	They both take your money for stuff a good friend would do for free, however they are better at it.
What do you call a blonde standing on her head	A Brunette with bad breath.
What do a veterinary clinic and kpop fans have in common	Euthanasia
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwomen	- Snowballs :)
What animal can only survive in temperate climates	A lukeworm.
What do you call it when a guy pees into a bowl after sex	Split pee soup.
What's the one movie Rick won't ever let you borrow	He won't ever give you *Up*. No? I'll show myself out . . .
What's brown and sticky	A stick. My combo joke: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
What's the difference between Reddit and Facebook	About a day
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	I don't think Bush did a cow...
What do you call a group of babies	The infantry.
What did the blanket say to the bed	Don't worry Ive got you covered!
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Donald Trump's tie.
What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks	Silicon Valley. [Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3h6bld/kim_kardashians_butt/)
What do you call two gay scientists breaking up	A homolytic fission.
What's the most common sleeping position of a man	Around.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	High Definition Edit:Woah, I got front page! Thanks guys!
What do you call a T-Rex that's been weightlifting all day	Dino-sore
Q: What is a Budget	A: An orderly system for living beyond your means.
What did the grand child say to his drowning grandpa	Paddle Pop!
What do you call it when a red head gets a tooth infection	Gingervitus.
What has three eyes, three hands, and three legs	Two pirates
What's brown and sticky	A stick
What do The Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	The both circle Uranus and get rid of Klingons.
What do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law	A small medium at large!!
What did one testicle say to the other testicle	Don't talk to the guy in the middle. He is a dick!
What do you call a cold and angry cow	Brrrgrrr... What do you call an angry and cold baby? GrrrBrrr...
Whats the difference between Harambe and a African child	People give a shit about Harambe
What happened when a ghost asked for a brandy at his local pub	The landlord said ""Sorry we don't serve spirits.
What's musical and useful at the grocery store	A Chopin Liszt Note: taken from one of those horrible ""Joke of the Day"" desk calendars. It took almost 12 months to get something clever.
What vehicle does Hitler use to fly	Heil-acopter
What did the Mexican put under his carpet	Underlay! Underlay!
What's the best thing about having sex with 29 year olds	There's 20 of them...
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	*shrug* elephino.
What do you get when you travel a long way with a kung fun hero, and breathe heavily next to a guy named Russ	Miley Cyrus.
What did the Nazi say... What did the Nazi say when he got lost on the way to the gas chamber	AUU-SCHWIT
What's black and white and turns cartwheels	A piebald horse pulling a cart!
What career choice to hippies usually pick	Chemistry, because there is lots of acid involved.
What's the cheapest type of meat	Deer balls, They're under a buck!
What is the best way to send a letter to the  Easter Bunny	By hare (air) mail.
What do you get if you cross a snake and a  hotdog	A fangfurter !sna
What do you get if you cross Islam and Capitalism	No more jokes about the profit.
Q: What do you get when you cross a ghost and a the letter K	A: A book.
What did the pirate say when his kids were about to watch their favorite cartoon	ARE YE READY KIDS?!
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael Phelps could finish a race.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh! ... I'll show my way out
Q: What is rhubarb	A: Celery with high blood pressure.
What do you do if a 4 year old girl catches you masturbating	Untie her
What do you tell a conductor when they lose control of their orchestra	Go Bach and get a Handel on it!
What's the difference between a Muslim woman and an American one	An American woman gets stoned *before* she commits adultery.
What did constipated Yoda say to his fecal impaction	I shit you not.
Whats the difference between a duck	One of its legs are both the same.
What do a plum and an elephant have in common	They're both purple except the elephant.
What did the racist ghost say	Wight Power!
What do you call it when frankenstein's monster's wife gets her period	Her monstrual cycle
What state makes exclusively swiss cheese	Swisconsin.
What's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman	Snowballs.
What goes clop, clop, bang bang bangbangbang!clop,clop,clop	An amish driveby
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player	A hockey player showers after three periods.
What do you call it when someone makes a slam-dunk wearing shiny handcuffs	Boom-shackle-lacquer!
What's the most privileged fish	A Great White shark.
What do you call the Japanese police force	Kawaii Five-0
What do you call it when a DJ doesn't wear a period appropriate costume	Era Error
What do you say to a two headed monster	Hello hello.
Whats the hardest part about slaughtering a pig	He keeps saying ""I have a wife and kids, please don't kill me, I'm just doing my job
What's the difference between a penis and a paycheck	A woman will always blow your paycheck
What do you call a traitor with a lisp	Judith
What kind of hair do oceans have	...Wavy hair.
What is the Puerto Rican national anthem	Row row row your boat
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter your dick up her ass
What did the recent Sunni convert says about ISIS	They really scared the Shiite outa me!
What do call a horse that lives near you	A neighbor (naybor for pessimist horses)
What do you call a Mexican baptism	Bean dip. No offense intended(to get the racial shit stated before I get hit with it)
What did Dr Frankenstein get when he put his  goldfish's brain in the body of his dog	I don't know but it is great at chasing submarines.
What do you call a Chinese man with one foot	Taiwon Shou.
What's the difference between a muffin and a jew	a muffin doesn't scream when you put it in an oven.
What do you call a flying turtle	A shellicopter.
What do Buddhist monks have for breakfast	'Ommm' lettes!
What did the black guy get on his SATs	Barbecue Sauce
What's it called when a transgender person hooks up with an Asian	A Trans Pacific Partnership
What do you call a vaping vegan	A steamed vegetable
What do black people and Batman have in common	Neither one of them get r/dadjokes
What's the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector	A taxidermist takes only your skin. [Mark Twain]
What do humans and sharks have in common	The great ones are always white.
What do you call a far-ranging debate	A mass-debate.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph not essay
What do a plumber and a walrus have in common	They both like a good, tight seal.
What do you call two Egyptians who've farted at the same time	Tutankhamun.
what do you call it if you spend all of your money on pokeballs and lure modules on Pokemon go	Brokemon (shit jokemon)
What body of water separates Italy from the word 'goodbye'	River Derci. Sorry.
What do you give a deer with an upset  stomach	Elkaseltzer.
What kind of dish does LeBron like	anything with curry in it.
What did they find in the toilet in the star ship Enterprise	The captain's log.
What did the band director say to the misbehaving kid	You're in treble mister!
What did the charlie hebdo attackers said after being caught	Hey , they drew first
What did Caesar say when playing battleship	A2 Brute.
What do clocks do when they're still hungry after a meal	They go back four seconds.
What do you call intercourse on a one-wheeled vehicle	Unisex.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef. What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef. What do you call a cow with 2 legs? Your mom
What does KFC and a woman have in common	Once you're done with the breasts and the thighs there's still a  greasy box to put your bone in.
What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans	Baked Beans
What did the dog say when he bit the sandpaper	Nothing. He just grit his teeth.
What do you call people who immigrate to Sweden	Artificial Swedeners
What did one priest say to the other priest	Do you know where my son is?"" ""Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that I'm a necrophiliac.
What is Mister Miyagi's favorite drink	Jack Daniels-san
What is the most sensitive part of a mans anatomy while he's masturbating	His ears. Oooo! I get to say it! ""Front page?! Wow! Thanks y'all!"" Oh yea, and ""RIP my inbox"" Good times!
What is an electrician's favorite vehicle	A Voltswagen
What's the difference between a bad haircut and a good haircut	About two weeks.
What is the definition of Robin	A bird who steals !
What does a man with an eight inch cock have for breakfast	This morning I had a boiled egg. From BBC show First Dates.
What is the difference between a duck	One of the legs is both the same.
What's the difference between /r/news and radical extremists	Radical extremists fuck goats while /r/news fucks themselves.
what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What did the worm that crawled out of a plate of spaghetti say	Worst gangbang ever
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa	Santa stopped at 3 ho's.
What can a duck do that a lawyer can't	Shove its bill up its ass.
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I'm not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
What's the only type of music that the balloon dislikes	Pop.
What's the most confusing compliment to give a woman in her 40's	If you had a daughter, I'd fuck her.
What's the most commonly misspelt blood group	Type-O
What if they found the face of Jesus in a piece of toast but it was *actually* Jesus	This is my body, I'm nice with jam.
What are caterpillars afraid of	Doggerpillars.
What do you call a pun in a marathon	A running joke
What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket	Some asshole has my pen!
What sort of soup do men make most often after sex	Split pee soup. (I made it up. I'm sorry.)
What's a Grecian Urn	About 75 cents an hour.
What do you get if you cross a bear and a wolf	You get eaten is what you get. Stop upsetting scary animals.
What do you call Nazis undergoing decomposition	Necrotizing Fascists.
What is Dracula's pornstar name	Vlad the Impaler
What did one transition metal say to the other	Cu later!
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act	A boooooooooooobjob
What do you call a Mexican Super Saiyan	Fajita
What do an 80 year old smoker and the Japanese House of Representatives have in common	They only have an erection every 4 years
What do dwarves and midgets have in common	Very little
What did Mick Jagger say when he walked in on Hugh Hefner in bed with Dennis Weaver	He said ""Hey Hey Hugh Hugh Get Off Of McCould
What do you call a frog spy	A croak and dagger agent !
What's a pedophiles favorite type of oil	extra virgin
What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence	A cat has claws at the end of its paws. A complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow	Spoiled milk.
What do a burnt pizza and a pregnant woman have in common	The guy didn't pull it out fast enough!
What do you call people who use the ""pull out"" method for contraception	Parents.
What's the worst gear for America	Cruz control.
What do you call a horse that's thinking of home	Mentally in-stable.
What are the cleverest bees	Spelling bees !
What's the cheapest kind of meat	Deer balls. Because they are under a buck.
What do you call a lady pig planting seeds	A sow sow.
What's a Pirates favorite letter	You would think its R, but but it's really the C!
What happened to the lizard in the  wizard's garden pond	He had him newt-ered.
What kind of bee can make milk	Boobies
what did Cindarella say when she got to the ball	{choking noises}
What do you call a peaceful Indian sending a picture in the mail of a snobbish criminal going down stairs	Ghandi-sending a condescending con descending Sorry.. I'm tired
What's burnt to a crisp and at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
What do men and slurpees have in common	If you don't suck them fast enough they lose their shape.
What were the odds that Matt Damon made it off Mars	Astronomical
What is Trump's favorite animated movie	WALL-E
What does Lebron James do after winning the NBA Championship	He turns off his Xbox.
What's Harry Potter's way to get to the bottom of a hill	Running . . . JK! Rolling
What do you call people who worship paper bags	Sack religious
What did the fireman's wife get for Christmas	A ladder in her stocking !
What do you call a singing laptop	Adele
What Did I learn in Feminist Baking class	1 Smash the Pastryarchy 2 We live in a Crepe Culture 3 Kale Privilege is going unchecked every day!
What do you get if you cross a cat and a gorilla	An animal that puts you out a night !
What is the capital of Greece	About 10 dollars.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What's the difference between a lady and a laddy	The D
What do you get when you cross Jesus and a couple of criminals	A good Friday
What's a Mormon's favorite sexual position	You'd probably think it's missionary, but i'm pretty sure they'd try the back door if they had the chance.
What did the pencil say	Nevermind, it's pointless.
What's the difference between men and women	Agenda
What weapon is most feared by knights	A can opener.
What type of wood is the most expensive	Hollywood! (Made this up while i was doing a project.)
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head	Cliff
What do you call a big fish who makes you an  offer you can't refuse	The Codfather !
What do you call Robin Hood's mother	Mother Hood.
What's worse than finding a lobster on your piano	Finding crabs on your organ.
What is the problem with high frequency	It Hertz
What did the surrealist butcher name his shop	Salvador Deli
What does a Redhead with a yeast infection like to do in her spare time	Make Gingerbread
What's the difference between jam and peanut butter	I can't peanut butter my dick down your mom's throat.
What happened to the cannibal lion	He had to swallow his pride!
What is your preferred type of birth control	Well, its not preferred, but I practice abstinence.
What happened to the cannibal lion	He had to swallow his pride.
What do Canadian girls hate	Aboooooooooty call.
What does a sailor use to clean his clothes	Tide
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	America can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What's better than roses on your piano	(PG13) Tulips on your organ.
What has 10 legs 9 arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What did earth say to the other planets	You guys have no life!
What do you throw a drowning aboriginal	His wife and kids
What is a grape without 'g'	It's still a grape, just without gravity.
What do you get when you mix a Jehovah's Witness with an Atheist	Someone who shows up to your door for no reason.
What do vampires put at the bottom of their  e-mails	Best viscious.
what do you call a homosexual plaything	a gayme
What did the slug say to the police	I was as""salt""ed
What disease do neckbeard mosquitos give you	M'laria.
What do a Catholic Priest and McDonald's have in common	Both like to stick their meat in 10 year old buns.
What do you call an earl grey that likes role play	Not-tea
What's the difference between a black joke and Mexican joke	Nothing. If you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.
What is the difference between a hockey player and a hippie chick	Hockey players shower after three periods..
What do you call a Chameleon that can't change colors	Reptile dysfunction.
What's a stoners favorite word	Here! (Must be said like you are holding a hit in)
What's white on the top and black on the bottom	Society.
Q: What do you call a tree from Tulsa	A: An oakie.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	Doyouthinkhesaurus. I watched Jurassic Park tonight, stole this.
What has ten legs and nine arms	Def Leppard
What is the opposite of a meme	youyou.
What is the ultimate Jewish conflict	Pork chops at half price
What is the Earth's most juvenile lake	Lake Titicaca of course!
What do you call an Irishman who can't hold his liquor	[OC] A quadriplegic.
What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and ET	ET looked better, smelled better, learned English, didn't claim benefits, had his own fucking bike, and wanted to go home!
What did Stephen Hawking Say when his computer crashed	Nothing
What	s green and fluffy and comes from mars? A martian-mellow
What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa	Claustrophobic
What is Jesus' favorite gun	... a nail gun!
What do you call a potato Kim jong un dropped in his lap	A dicktator.
What is Robin Williams doing in heaven	Not sure, probably just hanging out.
What was Tigger doing in the toilet	Looking for Pooh
Whats big and green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you	A pool table.
What do you call bread so burnt it can never be ate	Comatoast
What's loud and sounds like ""apples""	*APPLES!!!*
What's the best part of being a man	You don't have to sleep next to a hairy asshole for the rest of your life.
What is someone doing when they are disposing of diseased radishes	Dropping some ill beets.
Q: What do you get when you cross pasta with a snake	A: Spaghetti that winds itself around your fork.
What paint is most popular in modern buildings	Microsoft Paint
What do you call an economist at an amusement park who is just sitting around	A lazy fair goer!
What's a vampire's fetish	Neckrophilia
What do you get when a vampire bites a goblin	A Hemogoblin
What if birds have tiny human-like ears underneath their feathers	That's certainly something to think about, but not during sex.
What's the best thing about blow job	5 minutes' silence
What do you call an impatient skin infection	*Rash*
What insect does a neckbeard keep as a pet	M'ladybug
What does Massive Attack call Parkinson's Disease	Interia Creeps Moovin' Up Slowly
What did the doctor give the Asari with an STD	Anti-biotics
What did the Red Queen say at the orgy	Off with their heads!
What do Donald Trump supporters and flour have in common	They are both in bread.
What do you call a Mexican who loss his car	Carlos
Q: What does a horny toad say	A: Rubbit
What do you call a dragqueen in a truck	A Transporter
Whats the difference between me and Jimmy Fallon	I can get through his opening monologue without laughing
What's the difference between a Garbanzo Bean and a Chickpea	(NSFW ish) I wouldn't let a Garbanzo Bean on my face.
What did the two stoners do with their son when they divorced	They put him under joint custody.
What's the paradox of 'lingerie'	Done right, it doesn't linger.
What do you call a Russian with three testicles	Whodyouknickabollokoff
What does a fecalpheliac ghost say	POO!
What's the difference between a goat and a ram	I don't goat my dick up a dead baby's ass.
What's Blue and not heavy	Light Blue.
What did the umpire say when Randy Johnson hit a bird with his pitch	Fowl ball.
What's 6 inches long, 2 inches wide and drives women wild	A $100 bill.
What do you call a group of goose haunting you	A poltergeest
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
What does a television have in common with a rabbit	His ears! Yes, this is a real joke I got from a Laffy Taffy wrapper today, not 30 years ago. I did not laugh.
What do you call 2 polar bears jerking each other off	Bi-polar
What did the windmill say to the windmill engineer	I'm a big fan of your work
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke!
What idiot called it ""the clap"" and not ""dishonorable discharge	
What sexual position... Do you not want your new girlfriend to ask you put her in	The fetal position.
What do you call a gay New Zealander	A Kiwi Fruit
What was World of Warcraft called in the beta stage	World of Wardraft.
What if a man existed w/one hand that's a steak and the other is lobster plus unlimited salad bar	This is the plot of Edward Sizzlerhands
What kind of comedian becomes more famous if they bomb than if they don't	An Islamic one.
What do a gay man having sex and a pom pom have in common	They're both poofs on the end of a stick.
What paper product speaks really quickly	Wrapping paper.
What is the difference between Hitler and Seabiscuit	Seabiscuit could finish a race.
What kind of bird can write	A penguin.
What was the under-appreciated, often-exploited kitchen contractor's complaint	I'm always taken for granite!
What did the duck say when she bought some lipstick	Put it on my bill.
What's the greatest trick the Austrians ever pulled off	It was to convince the world that Mozart was Austrian and that Hitler in fact was German.
What do you call a Korean with a dog	...vegetarian. For the record, I'm Korean and have a dog haha.
What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild	deez nuts
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two children	Hose A and Hose B
What do you call a fat psychic	A large. (Because medium)
What's a mathematician's favorite kind of music	Logarithms
What's the difference between Bigfoot and a Mexican with a beard	Bigfoot is occasionally sighted
What are apricots	Where monkeys sleep.
What's worse than a worm in your apple	The holocaust.
What car does Hitler drive	[OC] A fuhrerri.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman	Snowballs.
What do blondes and beer bottles have in common	They are both empty from the neck up!
What do French athletes wear	Jaques straps
What do you call children born into a whorehouse	Your kids
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	A bad golfer goes -WHAM!- ""FUCK!"" A bad skydiver goes ""FUCK!"" -WHAM!-
What's a karate experts favourite beverage	kar-a-TEA HA
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael Phelps could finish a race
What's the difference between a good joke and me not giving a shit	Fuck you
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snowballs
What did one termite say to another in a burning building	Barbecue tonight!
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a rock climber	Nothing. You can't cross a vector with a scalar.
What does a tree do when it wants to go home	It leaves.
What do you get a kid without arms for Christmas	Gloves, but he doesn't know that yet.. since he can't open it.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A meowntain :D
What did the triangle say to the circle	You're so pointless.
What did the Jewish pedophile say	Hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
What comes before the main violinist	... Entree Rieu
What does a man who loves his car do on February 14	He gives it a valenshine!
What's the best part about fingering... What's the best part of fingering a psychic while she's on her period	You still get your palm red
What do WNBA players make	Sandwiches. Friend told me this today and had to share
What's the difference between a pun and a copy of Cliff's Notes	A pun is a play on words, while Cliff's notes are a word on plays
What do Jews drive	A hard bargain
What's the difference between a tribal tattoo and /r/jokes	A tribal tattoo makes you laugh.
What do you call someone who cuts down trees	A lumberjack, you fucking idiot.
What is the hardest part of cutting a baby in half with a straight razor	My erection.
What does the weather do when Hitler's around	It heils.
What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed	Yes but we cantaloupe.
What do you call a obese fortune teller	A fortune teller, you FPHer!!!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A roamin' catholic.
Whats the funniest joke you know	You.
What's pink, bubbly and scratches at glass	A baby in a microwave
What do you call a noodle that likes Reggae	A Pastafarian.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry Potter can escape the chambers
What's the best thing to put into a pizza	Your teeth.
What does an impatient cow say	Mooove the fuck out my way
What comes after 69	Mouthwash
What do you call it when one piece of coal asks another piece of coal out to dinner	Carbon dating.
What's more inbred than English monarchs	Wheat.
Whats worse than ants in your pants	Your uncle.
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine's Day	I'm stuck on you!
What has blonde hair, blue eyes and tends to ailed animals	A VeterinArian.
What did Silver say to Gold	Au!
What do you call a dog who loves to be dominated	A sub woofer. Thank you & God Bless
What did the Estonian student say in language class	I'll never Finnish. *dodges tomato*
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest	Acne doesn't come on a boys face till 14
What was Dodi Fayed's favorite state	In Diana
What's the best thing from New York City	The train to Boston
What do you call spaghetti that carries a fake ID	an impasta!
What is a Mexicans favorite sport	Cross-country
What do you get when you leave a dog inside a car when it's 100 degrees outside	A hot dog.
What does a teenage southern girl say while having sex	Get off me Daddy! You're crushing my cigarettes!
What nation is the most unjust	Discrimination
What was the first thing the stowaway to Mars said after he landed	Just out of Curiosity...
What's grey and comes in buckets	An elephant!
What's the difference between a fish and a guitar	You can't tuna fish!!!
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 10 black guys	A quarterback.
What's grey and comes in buckets	An elephant.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, because he is too short to be an essay!
What is green and glides down a mountain	A skiwi
What do you call a fat rat	enormouse
What do a Feminist and a Hockey Player have in common	They both change their pads after three periods.
What do you call an amish man with his hand up a horse's ass	A mechanic.
What happens when you don't pay your exorcist	You get repossessed.
What's green and can eat 50 hot dogs in a minute	Kobayoshi.
What do you call an anorexic lady with a yeast infection	A Quarter Ponder with Cheese.
Q: What is a sea monster's favorite dish	A: Fish and ships.
What becomes packed between periods	School Hallways
What kind of file makes a hole bigger	? A Pedophile
What's a ghosts favourite Christmas  entertainment	A phantomime !
What does a mathematician do when he's constipated	He works it out with a pencil.
What do a dead fish and dog shit have in common	They are both front-page material on reddit
What's the difference between an American zoo and a Chinese zoo	An American zoo will only have a description of the animal. The Chinese zoo has the price and recipe of the animal.
What do you call a blonde standing between two  brunettes	A mental block!
Q: What do prisoners use to call each other	A: Cell phones.
What do you call a broken can opener	A can't opener
What did the wall outlet say to the appliance	You're grounded.
What do you call a frog that is illegally parked	Toad.
What's purple and chained to my front porch	That's my nigger and I'll paint him whatever color I want!
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you	You pull the pin and throw it back.
What's the worst vegetable to have on a boat	A leek.
What's the smallest instrument in the world	An e-lectron.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick	A: When you lay a brick it doesn't follow you around for two weeks whining.
What did Thor start calling Ironman after he learned the suit was made out of gold titanium alloy	Ironyman ... To be fair Goldtitaniumalloyman just didn't have the same ring.
What do you call a black guy that flies a plane	Pilot
What did the Italian man who was feeling under the weather say when asked if he was attending the office Christmas party	No, I'm a Sikh.
What's red, white, and full of holes	Helen Keller's face after she tries to use a fork.
What do you call an ugly Spanish chemist	Iron Oxide
What do you call a pig with three eyes	A piiig!
What's Donald Trump's favorite album to listen to	The Wall
What do you call an alligator that always starts fights	An instigator!
What do you get when you cross a highway with a lawnmower	Killed.
What are some outstanding hamburger colleges	Brandeis Cowlifornia State Hoofstra Pen State Ranchelaer  Polytechnic Burgereley and Moosouri!
What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman	Snowballs.
What do you call a male seamstress	A homosexual.
What do you call a big irish spider	Paddy long legs !
What's the difference between you and a bag of shit	You're not in a bag.
What is Benedict Cumberbatch going as for Halloween	Benedict Pumpkinpatch
What did one muffin say to the other muffin	Nothing, because muffins can't talk..
What does my mom and a turkey have in common	They both died on Thanksgiving
What does a guy think in the middle of a blowjob	Fuck i'm broke.
What do you get if you take your computer to an ice rink	A slipped disk.
What did the baseball manager do when he needed another man in the bullpen	He took a can of orange juice from the freezer and made a pitcher.
What do pink flamingos have on their front lawns	Plastic Italians.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh! Aaand I'm out
What did the cheese say to itself in the in the mirror	halloumi
What's /r/blackpeopletwitter's favourite charity	ox-fam
What do you call a wall st. executive that sucks at his job and is obsessed with his ex girlfriend	A broke stalker!
What do you call coffee for jews	Hebrew.
What did the donut say to the loaf of bread	If I had as much dough as you, I wouldn't be hanging around this hole!
What does a Mexican have in common with a cue ball	The harder you hit em' the more English you get outta em'!
What do oranges, and Jews have in common	They both hate concentration camps.
What do you get when a cow jumps in cold water	Utter udder shudder.
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani hospital	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What did southern, black children bring to school to eat	Lynchables
What is purple, blue, and white and spits out dad jokes	Reddit
What goes around the world yet stays in the corner	Stamp
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Finding half a worm in your apple. What's worse than finding half a worm in your apple? The holocaust.
What's the best part about banging Jessica Alba	You'll know if she was faking it.
What do you call mixing hard liquor into coffee	Getting ready for work
What do you call a black person that can fly a plane	A pilot, you racist fucks. P.S Wasn't that well received in anti-jokes, so I figured it might work better here.
What is the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What's the best way to kill a bug	Just bug him to death.
What do you call gay Jewish people	REAL FRUIT JEWS xD
Q: What do Clinton and JFK have in common	A: They haven't had any brains for the last thirty years.
What type of underwear does a fetus wear	Fruit of the womb.
What do you call a bee that produces milk	A boob bee.
What did the deadhead say when he got out of rehab	This music sucks!
[NSFW] What is the best engine ever made in this world	A vagina! 1. It takes any size pistons. 2. It auto lubricates itself 3. every 28 days it performs automatic oil changes.
What do you call a jihadi that owns both a goat and a donkey	Bisexual.
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits till you're 12 to come on your face.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman	The Dark Knight Rises.
What's the only thing that grows in Oakland	A: The Crime Rate!
What did the autobots call Optimus Prime after he died	Posthumous Prime
What does Father Christmas suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney	Santa Claustrophobia !
What did the earthquake say to the tornado	It's not my fault.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist	A lip reader.
What's the best part about having sex with a transvestite	Reaching around the front and pretending your dick went all the way through.
What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change	Transparent
What gets bigger each time I watch a stripper	My debt.
What do you get when you inject human DNA into a sheep	Banned from the petting zoo.
What's the common thing between Mercedes and iphone 6	Mercedes Benz...
What's the biggest cause of pedophilia in this country	Sexy kids
What did the hipster say... ...when he was told to get off the couch	Nah-imma-stay
What's the easiest way to end a friendship	Just asking for a friend
What do you call a black person flying a plane	A nigg-air!
What happens when you cross Elton John and a sabre tooth tiger	I don't know, but you better keep it away from your ass! (Credit: Kenny Hotz)
What do you name a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter. He won't come.
What do you do when a bird attacks you	Duck.
what do you call a dinosaur with a big mouth, big ass and tiny hands	T-Rump
What's George Washington's least favorite flower	Li[e]-lacs!
What is ET short for	He's only got those little legs.
What 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang rape
What do you call a statue holding some Mouthwash	A gargoyle!
What do you call a stupid skeleton	Bonehead.
What do you call the process of creatively making drip coffee	Arts and carafes.
What would you call a bisexual black man	Vinegar
What kind of injury results from having an omega-3 bottle thrown at your head	A super-fish-oil wound
What do you call it when an ex pees on you	EX-STREAM!
What is Mary and Joesph's Favorite Snack	Jeez-its
What did the ghost say during its planned act of terrorism	Allaboo Akbar.
What do you call Nicki Minaj's buttcrack	Silicone Valley
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool	Bob.
What did German kids get for Christmas during th holocaust	Easy Bake Ovens
What do you call a Mexican carpet fitter	underlay underlay
What is the best Vitamin for friendship	B1. Because no one wants to be friends with a guy in a metabolic coma due to a thiamine deficiency.
What's the difference between a bad golfer, and a bad skydiver	The golfer goes ""*Whack* Damn!"" The skydiver goes ""Damn! *Whack*
What rhymes with Snoop	Dr Dre
What is a zombie's favorite restaurant	Subway: East flesh!
What's a cow's favorite form of entertainment	The moovies
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	De-calf-inated
What do you get from pampering your cow	Spoiled milk.
What do gynaecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can both smell it but can't eat it.
What's the square root of 69	8 something
What's a nanny's favorite letter	I don't know, but it's not E.
What is red and dangerous	Strawberry and tarantula jelly !
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say	Beat it - we're closed.
What do lawyers wear to court	Law suits.
What do you call a 20 year old spaceship that whines all the time and never wants to run properly	The Millenial Falcon.
Q: What is a four-letter word that ends in 'k' and means the same as intercourse	A: Talk
What's your emergency	Boy: *calls 911* Hello? I need your help! 911: Alright, What is it? Boy: Two girls are fighting over me! 911: So what's your emergency? Boy: The ugly one is winning.
what is common between a pregnant woman and a burned pizza	? someone forgot to pull it out
What do you call a magic owl	Hoo-dini!
What do you call a women with two brain cells	Pregnant.
What do my tastes in food and pornography have in common	I prefer the kind with fruits and vegetables.
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend	Homeless
What does a bowl of spaghetti and a degree from Phoenix online both have in common	If it ends up on your wall you're probably retarded.
What is a dentist's favorite time of the day	2:30
What do you call an inflatable dad	Pops.
What's heavier, a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers	A ton of feathers. Because you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds.
What is the strongest bird	A crane !
What's the difference between an Iraqi school and an Iraqi Army base	One poses a significant potential threat to ISIS and its continued existence. The other is an Iraqi Army base.
What's the difference between a man and E.T.	E.T. phoned home.
What do you call it when two cops dance	Pork Grinds
Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton  and David Koresh	A: Koresh only burned 85 people.
What's the difference between a fence and a wall	I give them a wall, and they take offense.
What does Robert, Khloe, and Kim Kardashian all have in common	They all know how to get black men off.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot.
What does a Greek man with a speech impediment say after being burgaled	Stop those damn Thebes!
What do you call a Chinese prostitute	Wun Dum Ho
What do you call a seafood-eating California motorcycle cop who only pulls over nuclear reactions or a radioactive decay	Fission Chips.
What did O say to Q	Hey man, your dick's hanging out.
What's the most dangerous place in Washington D.C.	Between a politician and a news camera.
What is green and sits crying in the corner	The incredible Sulk.
What was the last thing that went through JFK's head	A bullet.
What do piggys take when they are sick	Pigicillin!
What do you get if you cross an abbot with a trout	Monkfish !
What do you call two ants that run away to get married	Antelopes
What do you call it when a statistician secretly gives out clothes	Discreet uniform distribution
What do you call a marijuana induced tragedy	Blunt Trauma
Q: What is the proper way to address the king of the ghosts	A: Your ghostliness.
Q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton  and Jimmy Carter	A: Jimmy Carter waited until after the inauguration to break his promises.
What do you call someone who raises the dead by giving them hickeys	A Neckromancer
What did the hotel clerk tell the guest with paruresis during check in	Your in 8.
What happens to the losers of the tv show The Biggest Loser	They're made to feel like the smallest person in the world.
What do you call an element found in the ground	Barium.
What do the iPhone 7 and the Titanic have in common	There's no room for jack, on both of them
What did the Hobbit say to the Japanese man as he was leaving	Shirenara!
What does Reddit share in common with the real world	A messed up system of karma
What did the salesman at footlocker say to the customer	Shoes wisely
What's the difference between a zombie and a redneck	One is a brainless, dirty, slow moving abomination, and the other is a zombie.
what's a cheap, tasteless way to kill a werewolf	Coors Lite, the silver bullet
what did coke call his daddy	pop
What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A pool table.
What do you call a zoo with only Giraffes	Giraffic Park!!!!!!! HAHHHAHAAHHAHAA
What do ateists wear on their necks as an indication of their commitment to the atheism	Head.
What is the official cereal for the Rio olympics	Cheer-Rios
What Star Wars character is most likely to get cancer	Leukemia Skywalker.
What is Oscar Pistorius's new favourite band	Bullets For My Valentine
What do you call an African-American baby that has tragically died and now has it's wings	A bat.
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex	A microwave won't Brownen your meat
What super hero league would Caitlyn Jenner be a member of	The X men!
What do snakes use to build clocks	Metal Gears
What do you see when a Native American Princess pokes a space smuggler in the chest	Pocahontas pokin' Hans tits
What does Batman get in his drink	Just Ice
What's the hardest thing about having a colostomy bag	Finding shoes to go with it.
What's an Islamic extremist's favorite baseball team	The new york Jets
What did the Mexico team travel back home with	Luggage full of goals.
What do you call fake spaghetti	An *imposta.*
what is a gays least favorite fruit	cantaloupe
What time did the man go to the dentist	Tooth hurt-y.
What would be a good title for an Indian porno	Thank You, Cum Again
What is the first symptom of AIDS	A consistent pounding sensation in your ass.
What do you call a black dinosaur	Tyroneosaurus-Rex.
What did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat	I don't know, let me go check my Facebook feed.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a hobo on a bicycle	Attire.
What did the 8 say to infinity	Come on man, get up!
What's the most popular game to play in jail	Smash Brothers
What do you call a pirate who is all out of reales(Silver coins)	Long Gone Silver... /drops mic
What's the worst thing your wife can text you after she sends you nudes	Oops, wrong person.
What do you say to a man with a broken lizard	Sorry about your reptile dysfunction.
What do you call a wanker on a plane	a Highjacker
What should we call this giant advertising board	Phil: We should call it a Philboard. Bill: I have a better idea...
What do Harry Potter and Kermit the frog have in common	Hogwarts!
What's the worst part about being gay	Making love is a real pain in the ass.
What did the zoophile scientist say to his assistant	If you need me I'll be in my lab
What to you call an Eskimo peeping Tom	Tommy Tookalook
What did Kris Kross tell the nervous paratrooper	Tell her you're a paratrooper. Chicks dig that kind of thing.
What do you call a dizzy Asian	Disoriented.
Q: What do you call it when a blonde gets taken  over by a demon	A: A vacant posession.
what is hhe hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
Whats 12 inches long, rock hard, and full of semen	The sock under my bed.
What do you call a retired Marine in a Chevy sports car	A Corps vet in a Corvette.
What do you call a hundred women in a tree	A cuntry (country)
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex will make your day, but anal sex will make your hole weak.
What do you call an egg that cures cancer	A keurig. Joke written by my 9 year old son.
What's a man idea of helping with the housework	Lifting his legs so you can vacuum.
What do a call a fighting tournament where homosexuals engage in sissy\slap-fighting each other	[Tekken Fag Tournament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tekken_Tag_Tournament)
What's worse than the holocaust	6 millions jews
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs hanging on a wall	Art.
What kind of bees make milk	BOOBIES!!!
What did the left eyebrow told to the right eyebrow	Hi brow
What do you call a hispanic man who spilled his nachos	A messycan
What's the award for being the world's best dentist	A little plaque.
What's the difference between a refugee and E.T	E.T learned English and wanted to go home
What is a Jamaican's favorite video game	Smoke-a-mon
What goes CLOP CLOP CLOP, BANG BANG, CLOP CLOP CLOP	An Amish drive-by shooting
What do you call a group of Mexican racists	The Que Que Que!
What's the scariest 3 letter acronym for a soldier in Afghanistan with a 15 year old daughter at home	IUD
What do you call a deaf quadriplegic	Whatever you want
What do you get if you cross Bambi and a ghost	Bamboo
What Does A Nazi Turkey Say	Goebbels, Goebbels, Goebbels
What do the Irish say when they cheers their beer	Good Mornin'!
What do you call an Asian woman with one leg	Irene
What do you call a smart blonde	A Labrador retriever
What does Zeus wear under his tunic	Thunderwear!
What is the difference between a wife and a mistress	The mistress says ""Oh darling! That was *wonderful*!"" The wife says ""Beige. I think we'll paint the ceiling beige.
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Phelps can actually finish a race.
What does God do whenever he gets frustrated with Jesus	He gets out the Bible Belt!
What is the most environmentally friendly game company	The three that make Call of Duty; They've recycled their ONLY GAME, every year for the past 7 years.
What do you call a tin boat	A hydrofoil.
What does an Indian boy say to his mum when he goes out	Mumbai
What do you call someone who serves smelly drinks	a Fartender
What is small, dark, and knocking at the door	The future
What do you call a bee with a toe	Toby
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef What do you call a cow with two legs? Yo momma
What's the same with 9/11 and Goliath and the giant	They were both caused by a message from god.
What is the lifespan of an owl	6 1/2 books.
What do you call a woman who loves small dicks	Hopefully your girlfriend
What do you call a pen with no hair	A bald point !
What is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays	Pump-Kin
What's the mass of a large chunk of tree	10g
What would Donald Trump say if he was Mexican	'WE NEED TO BUILD A RAMP!'
What is the most racist dinosaur	?? The Tricericops
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with large breasts	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean!
What did the Spanish boy leaving for the city say to his father	Ciudad!
What is the difference between an Afghanistani Primary School and a Taliban Base	What would I know, I am just a drone pilot.
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato	An absolute ruler
What pdf reader do Jedis use	The Adobe-Wan Kenobi Reader
What did one maggot say to the other who was stuck in an apple	Worm your way out of that one then!
What's the difference between onions and your mother-in-law	You don't cry when chopping your mother-in-law.
What is a pair of sheep's favorite instrument	Two-Baaas.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	Canoes tip.
What does a 80 yr old woman taste like	Depends.
What's the difference between a plastic tube and an adjustable spanner	Both of em are in plastic, except for the adjustable spanner
What was the atmosphere like in the silent wooden part of a hospital	It was an oakward experience.
What do you call 10 Ethiopians tied together	A raft
Whats in Olivia Newton's John	Gomer's Pile
What do you call a folder of child pornography	A pedo-file.
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer	The taste.
What's yellow and smells like a zebra	Lion vomit.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies	Disney movies can still touch children.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer	I actually care when my computer crashes.
What do Tim Cook and the iPhone 6 Plus have in common	They both made the news for not being straight.
What did the judge say to the attractive woman soaked in pee	You're an eight.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and maybe use some lube
What do you call a sad hat	A sombre-ero!
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better perk up or somebody is going to think were nuts.
what's another word for ""religion""	insurance scam
What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer	Freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out
What do you get if you ask a former presidential candidate to write a piece of music about a formula for solving a problem based on a sequence of specified actions	An algorithm.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	[nsfw] The wheelchair.
What do you say when somebody calls you a pussy	You are what you eat!
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only occasionally does something retarded come out of her vagina.
What do you call a criminal that cant see	A macular degenerate.
What is the best way to follow a lost dog's paw prints	With a track-tor!
What kind of pants does Mario wear	*denim denim denim*
What is an astronaut's favorite meal	Launch
What do you call a blonde Jew	Goldie Lox (my little sis just came up with this...or so she said)
What do we want	Time travel! When do we want it? Irrelevant!
What do you call a British woman with a yeast infection	An English muffin
Q: What do you call a fly with no wings	A: A walk.
What do you call a crew of handsome Italian astronauts	Fine specimens.
What's black and white and red all over	A penguin dating Chris Brown.
What do you call a group of famous people	Constellation.
Whats brown and rhymes with ""snoop""	Dr. Dre
Q: What do you call a group of people who share bathroom facilities	A: party poopers
What do you get when you wear wool socks in a tortilla chip factory	Tostitos.
What do you call an overweight Scott Walker	Scott Waddler
What's black and screams	Stevie Wonder answering the iron
What do you say to a midget that is a hooker	You must be this tall to ride.
What do you call a constipated German	*Farfrompoopin*
What's the difference between a tv remote and a newborn	You can't play football with the remote.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	(NSFW) You can't marmalade your dick into your girlfriends ass
What did the Zune say to the iPod	You da real MP3.
What do you get when you cross a black and asian man	(slightly racist) A car thief that can't drive.
What did the tailor do after she got hit by the lawyer's car	Sewed him
Q: What's the difference between roast beef & pea soup	A: Anyone can roast beef.
What's the similarity between American waitresses and the Jewish community	They both believe in tip shaming.
What has got 8 legs and 1 eye	2 chairs and a half of a fish.
What do you call somebody who is allergic to wearing little alligators on their polo shirt	Lacoste intolerant.
What's the best way to wipe a computer server	A cloth.
What is a cow's favourite TV show	Dr Moo !
What do you get if you cross a phone with a birthday celebration	A party line!
What did the little boy say to the priest	Haha, now we *both* have AIDS
What's r/jokes's favorite breakfast	A retoast with butter on top.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	-Hang onto your leaves this will be no ordinary breeze
What do you call a lazy crocodile	A procrastigator (I'm trash)
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic and a dyslexic	You get someone who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question of whether or not there's a dog.
What concert cost 45 cents	50 cent featuring Nickleback.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree	Grab onto your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job.
What do Engineers use as birth control	Their Personality.
What do you call a pile of frog dung	Toad stools
What did Hamlet say when he was thinking of sending a message	To e or not to e that is the question.
What do you call nuts on the wall	Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What do you calls sushi in Serbia	Nishikori
What is red... And smells like green paint	Red paint! Whats green, and smells like red paint? Green paint :) Can't believe how many time I switch to the second, and they don't get it!
What is a double amputee's favorite video game	League of Leg ends.
What does a woman want more than anything in the world	Nothing. She's fine.
What do you get when you combine someone from Colorado and someone from Idaho	A Baked Potato
What do you call a group of black criminals	A ""protest"" apparently.
What does a polish bride get on her wedding night that is long and hard	a new last name
What's the difference between regular AIDS and north korean AIDS	Regular AIDS is incurable. North Korean AIDS is invincible!
What do you call the ring that worms leave round  the bath	The scum of the earth !
What's the difference between classical music and Barry white	A lot when you are having a prostate exam.
What can you tell your dog but not your girlfriend	Sit down and beg There are a million answers to this. Come on reddit, make my day better.
What did number 2 say to number 1	you're an odd fellow
What does The White House and my underwear have in common	They both contain very large black dicks that can't wait to fuck you.
What did the Israeli Prime Minister who can't say the word ""and"" say about candy that caused such a hubbub	Mike Ike's are my least favorite.
What is the best part about duct tape	It can turn ""no, no, no!"" Into ""mmm, mmm, mmm
What does a witch do if her broom is stolen	She calls the flying squad !
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take a while for me to get hard. I just got laid.
[interview] What is your greatest strength	Throwing my voice"" You're hired! ""Ok great, thanks"" Wait I didn't say- oh wow you're good
What do you call a fat psychic	...a four chin teller
What do you call a group of homosexual lions	gay pride
What's the problem with tipped cows	They can't MOOve
What's the difference between OJ Simpson and Mufasa	One's an African lion, the other is a lyin' African.
What was Aladdin called after he went Vegan	Saladdin.
What does Acetone and Hitler have in common	They're both Polish removers!
What do you get your girlfriend for Valentines Day	A box of chocolate, flowers and a dildo. So if she doesn't like the chocolate and flowers she can go fuck herself.
What is a test tube baby's biggest fear	Dingos with straws....!!
What's the difference between an owl and a bungee cord	My ass
what do you call 4 and 25 cents	foreign change
What's a pirate's favorite firework	M80
what is better than roses on your piano	tulips on your organ
What was the butcher doing when he got caught	Beating his meat.
What happened to the man who put his false  teeth in backwards	He ate himself!
What do Whitney Houston and Antarctica have in common	100% chance of snow
What do you call Nicky Minaj's ass	Silicone valley
What do you call getting high and having sex	A kush and push.
What do old men and the Niagara Falls have in common	Just receding.
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast	Synonym Toast Crunch If you said Synonym Life, please leave.
What is the car company, Kia's, main competitor	Nokia
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B	Wasabi
What is the best part of a blowjob	The 15 minutes of silence.
what is a calculators favorite food	pi!
What does a Syrian refugee and an American abortion have in common	White people didn't allow them to come into the U.S.
What do you call a bowling alley in Brooklyn	Ebo-wling
What does a dyslexic zombie say	Brian's ... Briiiiiiiiian's!!!
What do you say when comforting a grammar Nazi	There, their, they're
What do you get when you mix a lesbian and a platypus	A lickalottapus.
Q: What side of the dog has the most fur	- A: The Outside.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	Decalfinated.
What happened when the lion ate the comedian	He felt funny !
What do you call jokes about eyes	Vitreous humour.
What do you call a pig behind a car wheel	A ham brake !
What did the doctor say to the midget waiting in the lobby	You're just going to have to be a little patient.
What do you call a dock that lost it's cock	A TRANSport
What did the British gentlepimp say to his accountant bitch	Tally ho!
what do you call 2 Puerto Ricans playing basketball	Juan on Juan
What is Bruce Lee's beverage of choice	WATAAAAAR
What did the leper say... What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip!
What's the cheapest meat to buy	Deer balls. They're under a buck.
What's better than winning the Special Olympics	Not being retarded.
What is 6.9	Sex interrupted with a period!
What did the vegan say when he saw someone familiar	I've seen herbivore.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at three Hos.
What do you call a spider that wants to overthrow the government	An anarchid.
What do you call a dog who digs up dinosaur bones	A Barkaeologist.
What do you call a cow that just had a baby	De-calf-inated
What's the name of the scared sky diver	Hugo First
What is Ke$ha's favorite candy	TicTac
What does an Arab do after riding his camel	He has a cigarette!
What's Peter Pan's brother's name	Peter Pot. He gets so high he never lands.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his butt.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo	A pouch potato.
What do you call a drunk dinosaur	Staggersaurus.
What did the Computer Processor say when it was overclocked	It Hertz.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick up your girlfriend's arse.
What does a redneck and yeast have in common	They are both ""in-bread"" Downvote me to hell if you want. This is my only joke.
What do you call a naked baby horse	A Naked Neigh-kid
What's green and fuzzy and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you	a pool table
What do you calla nosy pepper	Jalapeno business
What did the Muslim Terrorist say when he bombed Hawaii	Oahu Akbar!
[Poor Taste] What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking in a house fire.
What do you get when you blow up a police station	Bacon bits I came up with this joke 15 years ago when I was a dumbass teen.. maybe in poor taste with everything going on but thought I'd share.
Whats the worst animal to play cards with	A Cheetah.
What do you milk you can't see	Pasteurized milk.
What is the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One is a Goodyear. The other is a great year.
What kind of bird is the best pornstar	A swallow.
What is the difference between Christmas music and Kobe Bryant	Christmas music will still be playing next year.
What's the difference between how black men treat their beer and their children	If a black man asks you to hold his beer, you can be sure that he'll come back for it.
What did one ape say to the the other ape	What did one ape say to the other ape.
What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call a Tolkien creature who studies insects	An *Ent*omologist
What did one atom say to the other	I lost an electron..."" The other atom asks ""Are you sure?"" First atom replies, ""I'm positive!
What do you call a Trump-supporting midget having a seizure	A Foul Munchkin Malfunction
What do you call it when a waiter at an internet cafe gets your order wrong	500 Internal Server Error
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump	One's a dumb and the other is dumber
What happened to the embarrassed bungalow on the street of two story houses	It got stares.
What only lasts 40 seconds for men and leaves them hot and sweaty	A bowl of Ramen Noodles
What is John Lennon's favourite donut	Strawberry Filled forever!
What do you tell a slow tomato	...what? Ketchup
What's the difference between God and a medical school graduate	God doesn't think he's a doctor.
What is the difference between pot and pussy	If you can smell the pussy across the room, it's probably not the good stuff.
What's a fish's favourite band	Stickelback!
What did Tarzan shout when he saw the elephants coming up over the hill	Here come the elephants up over the hill!
What do you call a deer with no eye	GoodMorning! NO IDEAR!
What do you call a cow with no eyes	A cow.
What's Obama's Favorite TV Show	Game of Drones
What do you call a rabbit with a bent dick	Fucks funny
What's the strongest letter in the alphabet	***P*** Even Superman can't hold it.
What does the horse call the pigs on his farm	Neigh-boars.
What do you call a gummy bear with no teeth	:D
What do you call a black with no arms	Trustworthy.
What does Shakespeare say when he is angry with his dog	Out, out, damned Spot!
What did the male cheerleader say when he had to leave in the middle of a routine	Catch ya later!
What does Charlie Sheen say when he's having sex with a Vietnamese Lady	Nguyenning!
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket	A pickpocket snatches watches.
What car insurance do Canadians have	Triple 'eh'
What can be found in a cannibal's shower	head &amp; shoulders
What's the most dangerous weapon your wife can get her hands on	Your credit card.
What do you call a subreddit that sanctions free speech	[deleted]
What did the aliens say, when they came to earth in search of soda pop	Take me to your liter!
What's black, grey, and red all over	A gorilla with a child in the enclosure.
What kind of cigars does Baby Jesus smoke	(Mmmph!) Meek &amp; Milds!!!! :0
What's your favorite pick up line	Mine is the Ford F Series.
What kind of sex do boring people have	Banal.
What's the difference between a cow and Super Mario Bros	A cow can't be milked for over 30 years
What do you call a black man selling drugs	A pharmacist, you racist.
What did Mr. Freeze call himself when he joined Batman's fight against criminals	The Dark Knightrogen
What did the Nazi doctor tell his fully dilated patient.	Just one more putsch.
What did the white man do at the club	Pout while all the colored folk were bumpin and grinding with all the fine white bitches
What did the pig say on a hot summer day	I'm bacon!
What do you call a plane with a muslim on it	Death row
What do you call a letter that was sent to a man by a feminist	Hate male.
Q: What is the difference between a hog and a man	A: A hog doesn't have to sit in a bar and buy drinks all night just so he can f*** some pig.
What does a dentist do on a roller coaster	...He braces himself
What's long, green and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's finger.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back.
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A Gummy Bear.
What happened to the tyrannical fruit	He was impeached!
What's the difference between a green elephant and a purple one	One of them is purple
What's a Chinese dentist's favorite time	Tooth Hurty
What did the baker say when he saw the beautiful woman	I think I'm in loaf."" Ba dum, tss.
What is Klaus Teuber's (designer of Settlers of Catan) favorite TV show	Brick and Orety
What's going to be thinner than the IPhone 8	Apples ideas.
What do snakes take to combat their allergies	Anti-hissss-tamines!
Whats a word that white people can call white people but black people cannot call black people	Dad.
What's the difference between Amazon Prime and the Amazon River	The Amazon River actually has sails.
What quality does Elon Musk look for in a woman	He just wants her to be down to Mars
What do you call a retarded Flo Rida	Slo Rida
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a small child	Eric Clapton wouldn't let the bag of cocaine fall out of a window
What do you call an Indian with a question	Curry-osity
What is a good title for a movie about bacon	Babe: The Final Chapter
What subject are snakes good at school	Hiss-tory !
What does 9/11 and owning CP have in common	The government will watch you for the next 15+ years
What did the blind, paraplegic kid get for his christmas	..cancer
What do steaks and pot brownies have in common	If you eat either of them in India you'll get stoned.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A-flat minor
What do you call all of the terrible jokes on reddit arranged in a circle	Groanhenge
What happens when a question mark and an exclamation mark love each other very much	They [interrobang!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interrobang)
whats brown and sticky	a stick!
What do you call a polygon on viagra	An Erectangle
What do you call a man in a hole	Phil.
What do you call a dog in jeans and a sweater	A plain clothes police dog !
what kind of file makes a 1 inch hole into a 3 inch hole	a pedophile
What do you call a mob of armed lesbians	Militia Etheridge
Q: What kind of jewelry does Hillary look best in	A: Handcuffs.
What's the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds	There's twenty of them
What do you call a dead bird that was suicidal	A Robin Williams.
What did General Custer's advisors tell him before the Battle of Little Bighorn	Don't do it, it's Siouxicide
What did Santa say when he had to travel through the desert	My chestnuts are roasting
[wife walks in on me rubbing coconut oil all over my body] What are you doing	Uhh, SOMEONE said I don't glisten very well?
What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law	Outlaws are wanted.
What makes football players bi-sexual	They play with Cleats and Balls all day.
What's better than roses on the piano	Tulips on the organ.
What is Donald Trump's favorite song	Wonderwall Mexican cover
What is the difference between spinach and boogers	Kids don't eat spinach
What's the difference between jam and jelly	(Nsfw) I can't jelly my dick in your sisters ass!
What do you call an angry Reddit mod	[deleted]
What is the biggest mistake Steve Jobs ever made	He thought it was ""being at Apple every day"", not ""eating an apple every day"".
Q: What's the difference between a mosquito and a fly	A: A mosquito can fly, but a fly can't mosquito.
What is the definition of a semicolon	Something I usually have after a long night of drinking.
What's the #1 thing that pisses off redditors	You're grammar
What do the weather in England and a Muslim have in common	It's either Sunni or Shiite.
What's the difference between a Greyhound station and a lobster with a boob job	One's a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours	Someone else's cheese.
What happens when you provoke an angry redhead	Ginger snaps.
What do you call a drug dealing church	Crystal Methodists
What does the zero say to the eight	I like your belt. Ok, ok. I know it's elementary, but I still love it.
What do Abraham Lincoln and Peyton Manning have in common	Neither can finish a play.
What plant attacks people	An Ambush ;)
What did Eric say to his classmates on the last day of school	Do you believe in God?
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing...they were both stuck up cunts.
What did Ernie say when Bert asked him if he wanted some ice cream	Sherbert. (I can't take credit for this amazing piece of comedy. Heard it from a friend, no idea if he came up with it or not.)
What did the emperor of Arabia do at tea time	The Caliph ate.
What do you call someone who worships Doritos	A chip monk.
What did the blind guy say to the deaf guy	I hear what your saying, but I don't see your point
What do you call a smarty pants	...... A jeanius
[M] What's the hardest part of owning a cat	Telling your parents you're gay.
What is Force equal to	Double penetration, with respect to time. (F=dp/dt) I'll see myself out
What kind of shoes do Frogs wear	Open Toad sandals... I'll show myself out - thank you
What do you call two guys with no arms and no legs hanging over a window	Kurt and Rod
What do you call an elephant that no one needs	Irrelephant.
What's the difference between a car tire and 365 blowjobs	One's a Goodyear... and one's a *great* year.
What do you call a five year old with no friends	[dark] A sandy hook survivor
What do you call a patella that sleeps around too much	Whore knee
What is ""Mary"" short for	She has no legs!
What's the difference between jelly and jam	...I can't jelly my dick up your ass (courtesy of my younger brother, lol)
What's green and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels. This joke is great for determining someones sense of humor.
What do you call a woman with multiple personality disorder	Polly
What's Donald Trumps favorite color	Orange
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer	The freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What do you call a 10 ten old Irish boy who doesn't go to church	A virgin
What's the difference between U-Haul and Youtube	People are'nt happy for you when you get loads of hits on your U-Haul.
What do characters at Disney World and strippers have in common	No touching!
What do you call a very nosy spice	Jalapeno Business You need to say this in a pretty thick Hispanic accent for it to work. I heard it from some classmates.
What do you call a jerking off well-endowed midget	A huge short coming.
What's Ronald Reagan's favorite vegetable	James Brady
What did the necrophile say to his ex-girlfriend	I only loved you for your body!
What is the difference between a cult and a religion	Popularity.
What's the Italian word for suppository	Innuendo
whats a similarity between colorado and saudi arabia	It's legal to get stoned
What would Chrysler's version of the Ford Focus be called	Chrysler Concentrate
What do you call a root vegetable wearing a tank top	A bro-tato
What is the interior temperature of a Tauntaun	Lukewarm
What's 6.9	A good thing screwed up by a period
What do you call a drummer who just broke up with his girlfriend	Homeless
What did the buffalo say to his boy before leaving for work	Bye, son.
What do you call an STD that is contracted in your ear	Hearing AIDS
What does it take to break a Nokia phone	Microsoft.
What do you call a 1 ton toilet	EL-ton John
What's the funniest number ever	l0l
What do recent college graduates and felons have in common	It takes three to five years before anyone will hire them.
What's a nice thing about having a black boyfriend	If you decide to try anal, and you get shit on his dick, no one will notice.
What do you call a chicken takeover of the government	A coop.
What do you do if your wife starts smoking	Slow down and use lubricant.
What do you call hot women in France	Tourists
What did one bolt of cloth say to the other bolt of cloth after hurting its feelings	I'm sari.
What do you call 2 horses side by side in a stable	Neigh-bours.
What did the tight vagina say to the loose vagina	Nothing - its lips were sealed.
What do we want	Race Car Noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeoooooooowwwww!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when someone told him to upgrade to Windows 7	I still love vista, baby
What is the ultimate definition of trust	Two cannibals going down on each other
What do you call someone who hates cold weather	A southerner
What did Barack say to Michelle when he proposed	I don't want to be Obama self.
What's the difference between heroin and the cast of the jersey shore	I wouldn't shoot heroin.
What type of people do vampires like	Type O positive people.
What's the difference between Audi drivers and a cactus	Audi drivers have pricks on the inside
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and the Titanic	Ones full of dead semen and the other one is the Titanic
What do you call a real old korean	Jurassic Park
What do you call a pastry with an English degree	A synonym roll
What kind of mane does a Chinese lion have	Lo mein.
What's mostly red and has 2 legs	Half of a cat.
What do you call a lazy lizard	A procrastigator.
What are the two fastest things in the world	Second fastest: your butthole snapping shut. Fastest: That little drop of water...
What do you call it when Feminists own an independent sovereign state	A CUNTry. Yes, I'm terrible.
What do racists say during sex	Hard R! HARD R!
What did Michael Jackson say at the bank	Make that change
What's the difference between a cunt and an asshole	According to the latest polls, about 4%.
What did the kleptomaniacal compulsive liar say when his beekeeper friend asked him what he was running away with	None of your beeswax!
What does a nosy chili pepper do	Gets jalapeno business
What do you get when you cross Pizza with a Bike	A Piecycle.
What has 108 teeth and holds back the incredible Hulk	My Zipper.
What's the name of the strongest duck out there	PSYtama.
What kind of martial arts do birds practice	Wing Chun
What show depicts a new pair of Jordons getting ruined	African American Horror Story
What does a transvestite do on Christmas	Eat, drink and be Mary
what do I get Teacher: If I cut a beefsteak in half and then cut the half in half, what do I get	Tommy: Quarters.Teacher: And then if I cut it twice again?Tommy: Hamburger.
What Do you Call a Bowler that drops his ball a lot	Gutterfingers!
What do you call four condoms who play music together	A rubber band.
Whats black and white and eats like a horse	A Zebra
What does Joaquin Phoenix say when a car almost hits him	''Hey! I'm Joaquin here!''
What happened when Moses went to Mount Olive	Popeye got pissed.
What's Donald Trump's least favorite music band of all time	Foreigner.
What do you call a pre-maturely born Chinese boy	Sudden Lee
What did the caveman say when he tried to have sex in his dark cave	I fucking rock.
What did the terminally-ill dock worker say about his health care	It's asbestos could be.
What's the difference between a  psychologist and a magician	A psychologist pulls habits out of rats!
What does NNNNNSSSSSAAAAA stand for	National Stutterers Association.
What's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 4 years	Whitney Houston's crack pipe.
What do you call it when a group of Germans give you money online	Kraut funding
What do you call an Eskimo optometrist	...An optical Aleutian. I actually made this one up. But if someone else said it first, I wouldn't be surprised.
What do you call a midget with leprosy	A leperchaun!
What can think the unthinkable	An itheberg.
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles!
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head as it hits the windshield	It's butt!
What do you get when you cross Hilter, the Terminator, and Cthulhu	Don't stick around to find out!
What does Jeb Bush say on the toilet	Please crap
What do you call an 80lb midget with 40lb testicles	(SFW) Half nuts!
What did Hitler name his network switch to	Auswitch
What did one ox say to another ox	A yoke.
What did Darth Vader say to the Internet	May the force e-with you.
What do cannonballs do when they fall in love	They make bbs
What does Reddit need	Ahmad.
What did Mrs Revere say when Paul got on a  gorilla to warn the farmers that the British were coming	Paul stop monkeying around!
What did the illiterate man say upon realizing the couch he just purchased was made of fake leather	Oh for faux sake!
What do you get when you cross a cow with a kangaroo	A kangamoo!
What's the bet part about having sex with twenty two year olds	There's twenty of them!
What do you call a fissure in the earth that houses old Russian rulers who like to mock others ironically	Tsar-Chasm
What do you call a teacher who's always late	Mr. Buss
What do gay horses eat	Dick
What do you get if you squash a house	A flat.
What do you call a electric Volkswagen	A **Volts**wagon
Whats Big, Black, Hard and full of semen	A submarine
What do lesbians cook for dinner	Nothing; they eat out!
What's the difference between a special needs worker and a gardener	One of them has to water their vegetables
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Hold on to your nuts, I'm giving you a blow job!
What do you get when a deaf guy tries to talk to you at a urinal	Wet
What's the best way to make pants last	Make the jacket first.
What my father said to my prospective college roommate the first time they met... Do you know how to tell if you roommate is gay	? His cock tastes like shit!!
What kind of bees make milk	boo-bees
Q: What is a bellybutton for	A: It gives a blonde a place to park her gum on the way down.
Whats the difference between a circus and The Rockettes	The circus is a cunning array of stunts...
What's brown and runny	Usain Bolt
What do you call a church leader of the Flying Spaghetti Monster religion (Pastafarianism)	A pasta (pass-tah)!
Whats an Italians favourite part of football	Half time, they get to switch sides again
What did Yoda say to Luke when he was constipated	Try or try not, there is no do.
What do politicians do for fun	Rave at the party.
What did the vegetarian do to get ripped	He juiced...
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	Decaffeinated.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wiped his ass.
What does Snoop Dogg eat	Beets by Dre.
What did the carrot say when the last vegetable arrived at the party	TURNIP
What is west saharan favourite number	Data not avalible.
What's tall, handsome and muscular	Not you!
Whats long and hard on a nigger	First grade.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	*The taste.*
What is brown and has got four legs and an arm	A Rottweiler on a children's playground.
What is the difference between a midget politician and syphilis	One is a cunning runt.
What's the greatest symbol of inequality	=
What do you get if you cross an eel with a shopper	A slippery customer.
What's the difference between a tea bag and England	A tea bag stays longer in a cup.
What do you say to a girlfriend who calls you a lazy couch potato	Well let me tell you...
What's the difference between a procrastinator and a prognosticator	Well, I haven't come up with the punchline yet, but you can probably see where I'm going with it.
What do baby swans dance to	Cygnet-ure-tunes !
What did one hash brownie say to the other	We're so baked. What did the stoner say to his friend? I'm so high,I can hear the brownies talking to each other.
What do you call two mexican firefighters	Hose A and Hose B.
What do people wear when they go to a new planet	Terraformal wear.
What is it	It has legs, but doesn't walk, beak, but it doesn't bite and wings, but it doesn't fly. What is it? -A dead crow
What do French pupils say after finishing their school dinners	Mercy !
What pokemon does South America have that other continents don't	Zikachu.
What's Kayne West's least favorite letter	Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: 1. Illegal Downloading
What's the hardest Olympic sport to master	Hurdling. There are a lot of obstacles on the way, and it's hard to get a leg up on the competition.
What Do you call an alligator in a vest	An a investigator.
WHAT'S a pirate's fav'rite Letter	Aye, ye think it be RRRRR, but it's the C.
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam	I can't Jelly my dick in an ass.
What did Putin say when he was finally fed up with Boris Nemtsov	I'm putin' that guy to sleep
What did they name the Chinese remake of ""Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs""	It's Raining Cats and Dogs
What happened to the cold jellyfish	It set !
What begins at the end and ends at the beginning	Back to school ads
What is a frog's favorite dance	The Lindy Hop.
What do the Police, the NFL and Black Lives Matter all have in common	They all have the same PR guy.
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on Juan
What do you call a notebook where you record information about your poops	Some people may call it a log journal, while others call it a diary-a.
What does an LGBT couple do to show affection	embruce
What did the cannibal say when he was full	I couldn't eat another mortal.
What do Alexander Skarsgard and Ikea have in common	Swedish meatballs
What do you call two black men flying an airplane	Pilots, you racist!
What is the longest sentence that a man can make	I do.
What's a dinosaurs least favorite reindeer	COMET
What is Batman's least favorite Sex Act	The Pearl Necklace.
What color does your skin turn when you pour molten gold onto it	Au-burn ^He^^He^^^He^^^^He
What do you call a cross between a turducken and a tofurkey	A turfucken.
What did Mr. T say when he saw a fat woman sitting at the bar	I pity the stool.
What are the differences and similarities of flint michigan and the walking dead universe	They are both post apocalyptic but only one produces brand new cars.
What is the only type of folder that can make you sick	Salmon Manilla
What do you call the North Korean dictator	Seouless
What do Smokey the Bear and Alexander the Great have in common	Their middle name.
What did Chris Brown say to Rihanna the first time he saw her	I'd hit it
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes	A: No ideer. Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? A: Still no ideer
What do you get if you cross a giant ship with the Internet	The Site-anic.
What did the Pharaoh's wife nickname her husband after he farted during sex	Toot n' comin'
What do sick cannibals have for  breakfast	Vitamin bills!
What is a phobia of chainsaws called	Common sense.
What does a programmer have during sex	An ||gasm.
What is the difference between a church and a cult	Their Punch.
What is the medical term for a fat cow	Morbidly o-beef
Q: What does a blonde make best for  dinner	A: Reservations.
What do you call a pie who made his own ears	A pioneer
What do ghosts watch if they want to relax	Skelly-vision!
What do Monica Lewinsky and a vending machine have in common	They both say insert Bill
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable	The wheelchair (credit to my physics teacher's wife)
What's the difference between a dirty old bus station and a lobster with boobs	A repost.
Q: What is a volcano	A: A mountain with the hiccups.
What did one eyebrow say to the other	H-eyebrow
What do you call a nosy pepper	Jalapeno Business! (say with sass)
What's the difference between a French Knight and my friend with a genie	One's a Paladin, and the other's my pal Alladin
What is the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	... I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face. Edit: Whoa, I knew this was a great joke but didnt expect this. Thanks!
What do Spiderman and I have in common	We both end up with sticky hands after using the web.
Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a bird	A: A gulp. It's like a swallow, only bigger.
What do an old cars and pasta have in common	They're both al dente.
What's a dentist's favorite time	2:30
What do you call a Moroccan candy distributor	Fez dispenser.
What do you call someone who claims to do drugs to try to look cool	A marajuannabe.
What's the fastest land animal on earth	An Ethiopian chicken
What's big, thick, hairy, and makes babies	Your mom.
What did the slutty girl buy at the furniture store	One nightstand.
What do you call a tissue that is sleeping	A napkin
What do you call an intelligent Saudi Arabian woman	Target practice
What is the difference between Spiderman and Superman	Peter Parker can swing a web. Clark Kent.
What do you call a dead baby with a yeast infection	....... a quarter pounder with cheese.
What's white and gives you a solid 9+ inches that gives you a workout every time	Snow Storms
What does a proud computer call his little son	A microchip off the old block.
What do all failing students in New Orleans have in common	They are all below ""C level"".
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The respirator. (My dad told me this while he was cooking asparagus)
What is the difference between a gun and a feminist	A gun only has one trigger
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What's the best day to eat bacon	Fry-day.
What do you call a sketchy place in Italy	The ""spaghetto
What vegetable is the favourite of British people	Queuecumbers.
What did the perverted scientist say to his colleague	If you need me, I'll be in my Lab.
What's long, green, and smells like pork	Kermit the frog's finger
What is the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt was able to finish a race.
Q:Whats is fat ugly and gives good head	A:Your mom OOOOOOOooooooOOOOOOooooo
What's a pedophiles favorite piece of classical music	Symphony in A Minor
What are the symptoms of amnesia	I can't remember
What does a German snake say	
What do you call your girlfriend after a tough workout	Sorbet
What do you call a sheep with no legs	A cloud.
What do you call an expert at making ship parts	A master master.
What do you get if you cross human and goat DNA	Kicked out of the petting zoo
What does a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They get to smell the goods but they never get to eat them
What kind of dog is the most colorful	A paint Bernard!
What is the best anti-joke you know	Well a joke that isn't funny, but still is because it isn't. If you know what I mean. These are kind of much easier to remember.
What's the difference between a crackhead and a methhead	Toothless methheads give better $3.50 blowjobs
Q: What's E.T. short for	A: So he can fit in his space ship.
What do you call a frog with seven legs	A seven-legged frog.
What floats, is very-very heavy and carries a variety of flavours as a payload	A *Souper*tanker! Simmer on that! - I say!
What's the difference  between Windows 95 and a virus	A virus does something.
What is the pig's favorite musical instrument	The piggalo (piccalo).
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang up a picture of Jesus.
What do you call a resounding period	A standing ovulation.
What did the redneck get on his SAT	Drool.
What did the hat say to the tie	You just hang here, Ill go on ahead
What's a dank memer's favorite letter	'A' lmao
What do you call a group of dogs	a PAW-se
What did Tarzan say when he saw the  elephants coming	Here come the elephants
What is it called when a chemist has a really great winter break	Litmus
What's up with black people	They're not black... And they're not people.
What book did the rabbit take on vacation	One with a hoppy ending.
What did the pilot who fail flying school did when he went home	Got high.
What does train tracks and breast have in common	They are both ment for boys but in the end it's the men who plays with them
What's green and comes out of your nose at 160mph	A lambo-greenie!
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter	Pumpkin Pi
What did one condom say to another	Let's go to the gay bar and get shit faced.
What do you call a turkey with Parkinson's Disease	Turkey Jerky
What is a vampire's favorite fruit	a Neck-tarine --From a great co-worker
What do you call a group of Spanish-speaking moms who band together to protect their neighborhood	Super Barrio Mothers
What kind of bird always sticks together	A velcrow Courtesy of Jokels.com: http://jokels.com/jokes/what-kind-of-bird-always-sticks-together
What did Luke say at Han and Leia's wedding	May divorce be with you
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells	Pregnant
What do you call the area between Pamela Anderson's breasts	Silicon Valley
What's the most obvious slang word in the Star Wars universe	Yo, duh.
What do you call a lesbian octopus	A lickalotopuss.
What did the painter say to her boyfriend	I love you with all my art!
What do you call an African Bukkake	Chocolate frosting
What did Blizzard do on Warcraft's opening night	Farm gold in China.
What do you call a fake noodle	ImPasta
What do you call a Mexican Jedi	Obi-Juan
What is a Spanish person without a car called	Carlos
What do you call an unconvincing stick insect	Unreali-stick
What did the plate say to the mug	Food's on me tonight.
What do you call parents who teach abstinence only	Grandma and grandpa.
What's the difference between batman and a black man	Batman can go out at night without Robin.
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school	I don't know, I just fly the drone!
What did the rock say when he had to leave his girlfriend for a long time	I pumice I'll come back soon!
What's the difference between a joke and three dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you do when a scientist dies	You barium! ba-dum-tss
What do you call a Mexican hooker who doesn't charge any money	Fritatas
What's the ultimate rejection	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
What did the white guy say when he saw the twelve black men in the jury box	Great, it's a hung jury.
What does a Polish bride get on her wedding night that's long and hard	A new last name.
What is the worst part of being a pedophile	Fitting in. No? Too old for childish jokes? Sorry.
What's the worthless piece of skin hanging off the end of a penis	A man.
What's the quickest way to clean semen off a poodle	Seriously. I need to know because my mother-in-law is due back home in about 20 minutes.
What kind of jokes do filipinos make	Punny ones
What happens when you throw a green stone into the Red Sea	It gets wet.
What do you call a mexican drug dealer	MariJUANa
what if princess leia went to the dark side	then she would be luke's sithter
What's Hitlers least favorite drink	Jewce
What do you call an owl with no forehead	I sucked too many dongs last night to remember
What's the worst thing about being a black jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What's an artist's favorite fruit	Crayon-berries Sorry
What's the best way to get to church on sunday	Mass transit
Q: What do you call a country bumpkin from Michigan's Upper Peninsula	A: A hick-UP
What do you call it when you give a downy kid weed	Baked potato.
What's the penalty for bigamy	Two mothers-in-law.
What do you call four black guys hanging in a barn	Antique farm equipment.
What do you get from an overly pampered cow	Spoiled milk.
What's the definition of relative humidity	Sweat on your balls when you're doing your sister.
Whats green and can kill you if it gets between your teeth	A tractor
What do you call a dog with no legs in the ocean	Bob Barker
What percentage of Scottish people are twats	55.3%
What do they call brassieres in Germany	Holdzemfromfloppen
What did the pigeon say after its friend landed a sick flip	Coo.
What does the unemployed starving man ask his rich baker friend	I just need some bread
What do you call a cheat sheet you use for a Philosophy test	A Nietzsche-t sheet!
What do you call it when a hooker farts	A prostitoot.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Woman
What do they eat for breakfast in africa	Ebola cereal
What do you call a hooker who likes noodles	A Pastatute
What's the difference between pussy and parsley	People actually eat pussy..
What sort of shoes to ninjas wear	Sneakers.
What's the difference between a Pakistani military post and a Pakistani elementary school	Beats me, I just man the drone.
Whats Putins favourite food	Ukrainian take away.
What is better then roses on a piano	Tulips on your organ.
What do gay horses eat	Hayyyy
What do you call a smoking hooker	A hookar.
What did one fetus say to the other	Guess we're wombmates!
What is a relationship	It's the one that always sinks....
What do you call a mini-golf club made of wasp testicles that's covered in Reese's Pieces	A peanut butter bee-nut putter.
What do you call a fat Chinese person	A chunk
what happened when the frog double parked	Its car got toad away.
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player	A hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
Q: What do you call a horse that likes arts and crafts	A: A hobby horse.
What did the deaf guy get for Christmas	A Headphone
What vegetable parties the hardest	A Turnip.
What does Tickle Me Elmo get before he leaves the factory	Two test-tickles
Whats an Australian Kiss	(nsfw-ish) It's like a French kiss, but down under.
What is Green, Slimy, and smells like Bacon	Kermit's finger.
What should you do when push comes to shove	Learn to read. The door says ""pull"".
What did the hippie say when he was asked to leave the party	Namaste
What do you give a train driver for Christmas	Platform shoes !
What can you tell about a guy who's always masturbating	That he's the son of one Mr. and Mrs. Bating. Please don't kill me.
What car does Jesus drive	A Christler
What do black people get after death	Nigger mortis
What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About halfway
What is the best Christmas present in the world	A broken drum, you just can't beat it!
What do you call a black hipster	An idiot.
What do you call a girl with no legs	Disabled.
What Did the Fish Say When He Swam into a Wall	Damn.
What do you call a homeless man	A Hobo Sapien.
What did the pirate say after he pulled a steering wheel out of his pants	It's driving me nuts!
What does the B in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for	Benoit B. Mandelbrot
What did the pirate say with the steering wheel in his pants	Arrgh, it's driving me nuts!
What do you call a shoplifter of pancakes	Crepetomaniac
What is it called when a gamer fights someone	An Asthma attack.
What do you get when you combined a baseball player with a metal alloy	A steel
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice belt
What's better than winning Gold at the Paralympics	Having both your legs.
What do you call it when homeless people have sexual relations	Hoboerotic
What did 1 volcano say to another volcano	That ash.
What does a math mermaid wear	An algeabra....
What even is Atheism	A non-prophet organization.
What do you call an emo a capella group	Self Harmony Edit: #10 on /r/all! And thanks for the gold kind stranger!
What's a Redditor's favorite food	Copy pasta! ^^I'm ^^so ^^sorry
What do you call someone that will only have sex with homeless people	A hobosexual
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Beat the fuck out of her so it doesn't happen again.
What does a German snake sound like	....
What do you call a vehicle with no fuel in Africa	Outtagascar
What do Asians find hard in math	Their dick.
What has 7 arms and sucks	Def leppard
What's Satan's main social media site	Pentagram
What does Donald Trump say after sex	I'm **President**
What happens when you cross and owl with a bungee chord	My ass.
What did The Mandrain say when he told his wife he'd stop masturbating	You'll never see me cumming.
What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill	It bucked!
Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about	A: Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about? B: Which one? A: the I-sis
What does R. Kelly say to his kids when they do something bad	Urine trouble
What does a pirate drink for breakfast	Arrrrange juice.
What do you call a beautiful woman on the arm of a banjo player	A tattoo.
What did the anus say to the nose	FRAAAAAAPPPBLAPPPPLAAAAAAAPBRENKKKKKKKKKK!!!
Whats the worse thing about getting a blowjob from an anorexic girl	They never swallow.
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An IN-VEST-IGATOR!
What's the difference between jelly and jam	Well you can jelly your cock up her ass!
What's the only thing better than a gold medal at the Paralympics	Legs
Q: What's the definition of perfect pitch	A: When an accordion is thrown down the toilet without it touching the sides.
What kinda truck does Paulie Shore drive	A DiiieEEeESsssleeeeee
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim denim denim..
What do 9 out of 10 people love	Gang rape
What do you call a Greek arsonist	A
What's the crackhead's favorite song	I wanna rock!
What's a Mexican's favorite candy bar	A payday
What do singers get during their periods	Minstrel cramps.
What does a South American say after someone sneezes	Belize you.
What happened to the man who turned into an insect	He just beetled off !
What do you call a ceramicist with a beard	A Harry Potter
What do you call piss from the continent	Ureapean / Urinepean.
What do ISIS/ISIL members use to clean their dirty vaginas	...me!
What does the rapping shepard sing to his flock	Ewe, crank that soldier boy!
What's the definition of a period	A bloody waste of fucking time.
What do you call porn with transgender midgets	Micro trans action.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his butt
What's black, white, and red all over	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.
What do you call a fuzzy animal that grows on trees	A root bear! (I came up with this joke a few minutes ago. I hope it's funny)
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut you racist fucks.
What's the difference between a truckload of sand and a truckload of babies	You can't unload sand with pitchforks.
What musical instrument do people with STDs play	The herpsichord.
What did the hotel manager say to the elephant that couldn't pay his bill	Pack your trunk and clear out !
What did the doctor say when a Chinese baby with down syndrome was born	Congratulations, you have a healthy new baby!
what is the key to picking up girls who are musicians	get a flat and be sharp
What did captain Kirk do in the head	He Shatner.
What has two thumbs and doesn't understand jokes that require a visual component	This guy!
What do you call a midget psychiatrist on the run from the law	A small medium at large.
What is a Hitman's favorite Mathematical Field	*Trigger*nometry
What job pays you to shoot people but not harm them	A photographer.
What do mother's who boycott pharmacy drugs and kids who stop playing valve's fps' have in common	They are both over the counter strike
Q: What kind of flower grows on your face	A: Tulips.
What's worse than finding a dead monkey on your piano	Finding a diseased beaver on your organ.
What bands did they hire to play at the Developmental Disability Conference	System of a Downs My Chemical Imbalance. Youth In Asia
What do call someone who takes care of reindeer and really enjoys it	A Jolly Rancher.
What's the definition of a nervous  breakdown	A chameleon on a tartan rug !
What is that famous Raider saying	Next season!!! Hater nation!!!
What do you call a gay philosopher	Pyfagoras
What does a priest get when he wants some pussy	Nun.
What do I love about living in Switzerland	The flag is a big plus.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs lying under a pile of leaves	Russel.
What did the stone say to the hill	Let's Rock and Roll.
What's the similarities between a priest and McDonalds	They both stick their meat in 10 year old buns.
What happens if you don't pay the priest who exorcises your house	He'll re-possess it
What do you call it when you go to the store just to use their dumbbells and then leave	Shoplifting
What do old people always keep in their back pocket	Depends.
what do you call a fly with no wings	A walk.
What did the Networking manager tell his assistant about working late	Tell my wifi won't be home for dinner.
Q: What were Bill and Chelsea Clinton doing in the voting booth	A: Bill was giving his daughter a lesson in Civics how to ruin the people!
Whats the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby i just killed	Newton died a virgin
What Do You Call A Fight Between An Illegal Immigrant And A Child Molester	Alien vs. Predator
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza	A pizza can have meat and cheese.
What's a thoughtful person's favourite dip	Hmmmus.
What do you call a female police officer with short pubes	CuntStubble
What did the Jewish sun celebrate when he came of age	His star-mitzvah. (Forgive me)
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your dick into a woman's ass
What did the sick gyro say to the other gyro	I falafel.
What's the name of the car of a hipster batman	Tumblr.
What's the difference between a Feminist and a suicide jacket	Suicide jacket does something when it's triggered.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	[read with a pirate accent when they most likely say, ""RRRRR""] ""You'd think it'd be R but 'tis the C they love
What do you call a gorilla who magically smokes weed	Hairy Potter.
What do you call a dog who does magic tricks	A labracadabrador
What is with 2016	It's like everyone and their mothers are dying. ^^sorry ^^not ^^sorry
What is a Nuclear Physicist's favourite meal	Fission chips.
Q: What do you call a man who marries an old ugly and poor woman	A: Desperate!
What is the cutest piece of clothing	Cutie
What do you call an Egyptian spine manipulator	A Cairo-practor
What stops rape every time	Consent.
What do eggs say when they're turnt	Omelette, fam
What are the 5 best Vegetables of all time	tink about it. Gai lan, gai lan... gai lan, gai lan, and gai lan. (thanks to Chapelle show skit((making the band)))
What is a UPS worker's favorite cloud service	Dropbox.
What did Matthew McConaughey say after voting for Trump	alt right, alt right, alt right
What is the Difference between Michael Jackson and a Grocery Bag	One is made of Plastic and a Danger to Children and the other one you put your Groceries in.. Ba dum Ching
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and Sarah Palin's vagina	Only one fifth of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
What does the educated owl say	Whom
What do you call a mountain of kittens	A meowtain
What is the opposite of Dominoes	Domi does not know....
What do sex and air have in common	Neither one is a very big deal, unless you're not getting any.
What's long,hard,and full of Seamen	SS This Dick. naval battalion
What do you call a black dinosaur	TYRONE-ASAURUS REX! I made this joke up in like middle school I think.
What do you say to your floating TV at midnight	PUT IT DOWN, NIGGER!
What do you call a Polish chicken stuck in a tree	Poll tree!
what do you call a closet full of lesbians	a liquor closet
What do you call someone with no arms and no legs being towed behind your boat	Skip.
What did the web designer do when a hot girl walked up to him and squeezed his nuts	He AJAXulated.
What are a plumber's favorite shoes	Clogs
What does baby computer call his father	Data.
What do you get if you deep fry Santa  Claus	Crisp Cringle.
What did the Gregorian monk say when he was kicked out of the monastery	Give me one more chants!
What is Pink and lies on the doormat	Whitney Houston's Valentines Day Cards
Q: What do you call a loaf of bread when you cut off both ends	A: Endless Bread!
What do you call a Robert on a stick	A keBob!
What do you call it when an Eskimo makes a dirty joke	Inuit-endo
What do you give a nine-hundred-pound gorilla for his birthday	I don't know but you'd better hope he likes it!
What do you call political yeti	Obamanable snowman
What's the most inconvenient thing about liking big butts	The inability to lie
What's the difference between some people and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What's a programmer's favorite drug	Codeine.
What do Kim Kardashian and Hurricane Sandy have in common	They will both blow the entire east coast just to get on TV.
What has arms but can't move them	A small child paralyzed from the waist up.
What is Christopher Reeves' favorite band	The Talking Heads
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on your organ.
What do you call an orange thats been in the sun too long	tangerine
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common	The same middle name.
Whats green and flies	Super Pickle
What do you call a group of prison bull-dykes	Ellen Degenerates
What do you call a cheap wig	A small price toupee.
What did Hitler do wrong	He didn't finish.
What's the similarity between a spanish prison and Leonardo DiCaprio	Now, both have an oscar.
What's the difference between heroin and foot long dicks	Your mom isn't addicted to heroin.
What has six balls and screws everybody	The lottery.
Whats white on the outside green on the inside  and comes with relish and onions	A hot frog !
What do you call a Black-Asian	Hung
What do you call the guy that graduated last in his class at med school	Doctor.
What do you call a woman with big tits who doesn't make sandwiches	A compromise.
What's white and smells like black paint	The freshly painted fence. What's black and smells like white paint? The 6 year old who painted it
What did the farmer's daughter say when she lost her virginity	Get off me dad you're crushing my smokes! Or ""That'll do pig, that'll do."" I have heard it both ways.
What's green, fuzzy and would kill you if it fell out of a tree	A pool table
What do you call a rabbit who lifts weights	A jacked rabbit.
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink	A white Russian.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Licksalotapuss. What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass.
What do you call an asian walking a dog	A vegetarian.
What's the difference between a woman and a washing machine	A washing machine doesn't follow you around for two weeks after you drop a load in it.
What does the perverted frog say	Rubbit!
What do you call a closet full of lesbians	A liquor cabinet! heh.
Q: What's the most popular afro-american stereotype	A: boombox
What do you say to a lawyer with a IQ less than 50	Good morning your Honor!
What did France say to Turkey	That's not nice.
what did one mountain say to the other	meet you in the valley!
What do you call it when batman skips church	Christian Bail
What car is it best to grow grass on	K-K-K-Kia
What do you call it when your water breaks and you can't get ahold of the midwife	A midwife crisis.
What do you call an angry pirate	P-irate
What do you call a sassy criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What's warm, white, and I drink almost every night	Warm milk before bed... Get your mind out of the gutter!
What is bordering stupidity	Canada and Mexico both are.
What's the most positive thing about Harlem	HIV
What is Hitler's favorite chocolate	Fuhrerro Rocher
What's it called when you're killing time at work hiding in the bathroom	Stalling.
What goes stomp, stomp, stomp, squish	An elephant with a wet boot
What the difference between the U.S. Government and a bucket of crap	The bucket
What should you do if you find an angry 500-pound dog in your kitchen	Eat out.
What do you get when you cross a muppet with the Loch Ness monster	Messie Thank you and goodnight.
What's the difference between a meeting and a funeral	A funeral is a meeting where you're dead outside as well as in.
What did the Ferguson police said about the black guy who was shot down	Worst case of suicide they have ever seen
What's black hairy and writes under water	A ball-point gorilla!
What's a pirates favorite thing to knit	Scaaaaaarrves
What do you say to an alien with two heads	Hello. Hello.
What has four legs, is green and fuzzy, and if it falls out of a tree can kill you	A pool table.
What do you call a gay Dinosaur	Megasaurass
What does have eyes but can't see, has legs but can't walk, and has wings but can't fly	A dead bird.
What the #1 thing every guy looks for in a woman	His dick...
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pump kin
What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink	Wata
What does Snoop Dogg say to his baby	Kushie kushie koo
What do you get from a Hebrew genie	A coupon for 10% off three Jewishes
What is a ghost's favorite Wild West  town	Tombstone.
What would you name a star wars movie featuring Pluto	This is really just a bad pun, but to me those are the best kind of jokes Pluto strikes from the back and destroys Uranus.
What do you call someone who hangs around with musicians	A drummer.
What's pink and hard	A pig with a knife.
What stresses fish out the most	Current events.
What did both the bomb expert and the digital clock maker say to their mother	Look, Ma! No hands!
What is the most noble office supply	The ruler!
What did the egg say to the boiling water	... You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick.
What do you get when you drop a piano on an army base	A flat major.
What do women and dog turds have in common	The older they get the easier they are to pick up.
What do call a poor black man listening to classical music	A Baroque nigga.
What's the worst thing you're likely to  find in the school cafeteria	The food!
What did the proctologist do to those poor people's butts	He rectum.
What font was used on Wyatt Earp's tombstone	Sans Sheriff.
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne	Acne waits until you're thirteen before it comes in your face
What goes above the water and below the water but doesn't touch the water	An egg in a duck.
What is the difference between someone who worships God &amp; someone who worships the sun	The sun exists.
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish shepard	The Stones say ""hey you get off of my cloud!"" The Shepard says ""hey Mc Cloud get of of my ewe!
What do you call a nice Jewish Lyft driver	an Uber Mensch.
What do you suppose Ray Rice's fiance' did when he got her home from knocking her out	The dishes if she knows what's good for her!
What do you call a bear that swings both ways	Bi-polar
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles	Yoko Ono.
What does a mathematician deal with when finished their work	The aftermath
What do you call a really good fisherman	A master baiter
What is better to be taken, than to be given	A shit
What's orange and red and crawls along the side of the road	A wounded cheesie.
What do you call a coked-up Iron Man	Steel Man.
What did the mentally handicapped kid get on his math test	Drool
Whats green and flys through the air	Super Pickle
What does Michael Jackson and Santa Clause have in common	They both like to come down your shoot.
What did the horse say to whinnie the pooh while watching his t.v. show	I wish I could hear you whinnie.
What does the nosey pepper do	It gets jalapeno business.
What do you call a cassette single of The Proclaimers' hit ""I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)""	Scotch tape.
What does a vampire take for a cold	Coffin syrup!
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are $3.99 and deer nuts are under a buck.
What do French labor reforms and French citizens have in common	They'll never work.
What's the difference between a virtual car and a real one	You can't steal a real car a few bits at a time
What do you call it when you have a bad dream about having sex with someone you hate	A 'fucking' nightmare.
What did the Catholic Mexican say to greet the Greek God of Thunder	hey zeus!
Whats the #1 crime associated with cell phones	Battery
What did Marshawn Lynch say when he went to traffic school	I'm just here so I won't get fined.
What do you call an Irish lesbian	Good with the Gaelic.
Q: What is Clinton's plan to create thousands  of small businesses	A: Take thousands of big businesses and wait four years.
What do you call sheep in the Middle East	Arak of lamb
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter	Pumpkin pi
What do you call a gay Nobel Prize Laureate in a blender	A homogeneous mixture.
What is a ghost's favorite part of school	Spirit week.
What's the difference between rape and extortion	How you spell blackmail
What's so good about being a CPU	Every time you are turned on, you're getting blown.
What did the doctor say to the patient who wanted to do his own surgery	Suture self!
What do you call 7 Irish guys singing ""White Christmas	Racist.
What's today's date	Germany/Brazil/2016
What's Mozart doing	decomposing.
What did the clock say when he was finished having sex	The time has come.
What does a gamer say when he get married	GG.
What do you call the device that keeps an Armenian man safe	A Serj Protector.
What's the coolest answer to a multi-choice question	B)
What's the difference between a black person and a bench	One can support a family
What do you get when you mix a elephant and a rhino	Elephino!
Whats the difference between Love and Herpes	Your mother didn't give you love.
What do you call a broken statue with nice tits	A busted busty bust.
What do you call a communist pirate	Lutin.
What do you call a Dothraki mathematician	A Khal culator.
What is the Dothraki font of choice	Kaleebri
What's the difference between a campfire and a bedroom	When things start heating up in the bedroom, the wood gets wetter.
Whats the difference between a brown noser and a shithead	Depth Perception
what's the healthiest thing about eating a wheelchair	The vegetable.
What do you call Winnie The Pooh's grandmother	Poohnanni
Whats the difference between to dicks and a joke	Your mom cant take a joke. (Heard this from somebody in my class today)
What do you call midget psychic on the run	A small medium at large.
What do you call a German rice cake	A reich cake
What do you call a bear that's questioning their sexuality	A bipolar bear.
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly	Incorrectly.
What do you get if you cross a bee with a quarter  of a pound of ground beef	A humburger.
What color is a baby in the microwave	I wouldn't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate
What's big, green, has four legs and if it falls out of a tree it can kill you	A pool table.
What did the redditor say to the repost	Upvote!
What has four legs and yells ""Hodi doh, hodi doh	Two black guys trying to catch an elevator.
What do you call a crappy skin cream	DisappointmentTM
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly this dick in your mom's mouth
What do you call a hot high school math teacher	Expansion of minors
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	The Wall was both their last big hit.
What command does the aardvark give most often  when he sails	Snout about!
What is a pedophile's favorite shoe	White Vans.
What is another way of 'saying caught between a rock and a hard place'	Having a threesome with Dwayne Johnson
What's the difference between jam and jelly	[NSFW] I can't jelly my dick into your mom's ass.
What would Voldemort name his pet tortoise	Voldetort.
What goes ""knio knio	A backward pig.
What did the Mexican fireman name his children	Jose and Hose B
What do you call a prostitute that does both men and women	An omniwhore
What's so cool about cemeteries	I don't get it. People are dying to get in them.
What did the really dumb guy name his pet giraffe	Spot.
What do Lifesavers do that a man can't	Come in eight flavors.
What did the Hollywood producer say to the Apes in the zoo when they refused to sign contracts to appear in his new film	Stop playing it cagey!
What is Lionel Messi's favorite soft drink	Si, era Missed
What do you call a white boxer	Black and blue
What do you call an English rock band that is high	THE ROLLING STONED!
What do star wars and the U.K. have in common	They both abandoned the EU
What's a pedophile's favorite part about Halloween	Free delivery.
What's the shortest organ in a goat	An ISIS member's dick.
What do you get when you cross a German and a Mexican	A beanerschnitzel
What did the tree say to autumn	Leaf me alone.
What do you call martial arts for cows	Mooey Thai.
What does Fetty Wap buy when he goes to Walmart	7 tees, 30 eggs
What's Bruce Lee's favorite hotel to stay at	The HYATT!!
What did they say about the blind man who got hit by a bus	He never saw it coming.
What college tuition assistance system program did Simba put in place once he became the Lion King	The MUFAFSA.
What do you call memories of zombies	FLESHBACKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	Pokemon
What does a Nazi reach for when he has a head cold	Mein Camphor
What are Mario's overalls made of	**DENIM DENIM DENIM.**
What do you call an elephant with a  carrot in each ear	Anything you want as he can't hear you !
What do you say when someone hands you a nice, ripe blunt in Germany	Danke
What do crocodiles serve at dinner time	Death rolls
What did one gay man say to another at the bar	Mind if I push your stool in? ;)
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	Nsfw You can't marmalade your cock up someones ass.
What's the worst thing about a September harvest	Finding a plane in your field.
What is 6 inches long 2 inches wide and makes a woman crazy	$100 bill.
What type of tea does the Social Justice Warrior avoid	Reality
What do they call the Hunger Games in France	Battle Royale with cheese
What's another word for knowing that you're right	Woman
What did the cannibal do after dumping her boyfriend	She wiped her arse.
What do Hispanic parents say to teach their son to drive	Jesus, take the wheel!
What did the Mother say to her son when she saw him eating cookies for breakfast	Your Dad and I are getting a divorce.
What format do Emo's prefer to compress files	.RAR
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	If you slap the mosquito it stops sucking
What's the difference between Wisconsin women and Iowa trash	At least the Iowa trash gets taking out once a week.
What's the difference between a C4 and a feminist	The C4 does something when it's triggered.
Whats long and hard and has cum in it	a cucumber
What do you call a cow who is also a knight	Sir Loin.
What do you call a policewoman who hasn't shaved for a week	Constable
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop	' Dr. Dre
What's the hardest thing about Rollerblading	Telling your dad you're gay.
What was the first thing Hitler bought from the beauty shop	Polish remover
What's the word that starts with an ""N"" that no one wants to call a black person	Neighbor.
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout	Boy scout comes back from camp!
Q: What does pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common	A: Both can smell it but can't eat it.
What does the herpetologist do when the sexual reproduction experiment is over	Turns off his monitor.
What fruit had to have an announced wedding at home	Cantaloupe
What do you call a potato from Colorado	A baked potato
What do you call a man chasing a car	-Exhausted What do you call a man being chased by a car? -Tired
What do you call people who don't repost jokes	liars
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and a black widow	Nothing. Neither can climb out of a bathtub.
What do you call a man with potatoes in their ears	Anything you want, He can't hear you!
What do a trickster and a multiplicative inverse function have in common	They both want to pull 1 over on you.
[NSFW] What's a 6.9	Another good thing spoiled by a tampon.
What happened to the muslim who smoked weed	They got stoned
What do you call someone with no body and no nose	Nobody Nose
What's the worst thing about 1 ply toilet paper	It's already shitty before you use it.
What do you call a man with a colander on his head	COLIN! Duh!!!
What do you call a one-eyed sailor	Pop-eye the sailor man!
What is the average temperature of a Tonton	Lukewarm
What's the difference between a chickpee and a garbanzo bean	I'd never let a garbanzo bean on my face
What is the friendliest kind of aircraft	A Hello-copter.
What do you call a depressed dog swimming in a pool	A watermeloncollie.
What's the most terrifying gift your SO/Family can buy for you	Reddit gold.
What do canola oil and some abortions have in common	They come from rape seed.
What do you call a blind trig function	Se-cant.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman	'Do you smell carrots?'
What is good on pizza, but not good on pussy	The cheese and crust.
What do you call a guy who gets drinks for a fat girl in a nightclub	A bartender
What's Jared Fogle's favorite weather	El nino.
What do you call a Mackem thief who travels around on horseback	A Ha'wayman.
What do you call a fight in Mexico	A Juan on Juan.
What's long, green and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs fingers
What do you call 500 dead lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean	A good start
What do you call a gender confused toddler	A Transves-tyke.
What's it called when a terrorist's wife cheats with an American	Infidel-ity.
What kind of stretches does a pencil do	Ticondeyoga
What did the dyslexic person worship	Santa.
Whats brown and comes out of Cowes backwards	The Isle of Wight ferry.
What do you call the person who revised Hitler's speeches	Grammar Nazi
Whats The Difference Between a Hobo On a Unicycle And a Man In a Suit On a Bike	Attire.
What's worse than finding out that your wife has cancer	Finding out it's curable.
What's the definition of a school report	A poison pen letter from the principal.
What is Viagra for lesbians called	Batteries
What do you call it when a hooker farts	A prosti-toot
What was hitler's favorite topic in math	Aljewbra
What's the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom	A Pickpocket snatches watches.
What do you call three rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hare line.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WATAHH!
What's the best thing about portugal	You never have to carry your bags because of all the porter-geese. Thankyou, im here till monday!
What do lawyers wear to court	Lawsuits.
What does FCPA stand for	Finally Caught Pinching the Assets
What's brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids	Fire.
What do lawyers wear to court	Lawsuits!
What do you call a battle of wordplay	Pun-fu fighting
What's worse than a cardboard box	Paper titties
What's the worst part about being a rollerblader	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What does Green Day say before bed	Green night
Q: what did Norman Bates say... when the waitress asked him what kind of toast he wanted	A: wheat! wheat! wheat! wheat! wheat!...
What do you get if you type  www.abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.com into your computer	A sore finger.
What do you call a blonde white guy with blue eyes who is an experienced soldier and who works with sick animals	A veteran Aryan.
What was the first thing that went through the minds of the 9/11 victims	Their knees! Please comment ""No
What's the difference between Marcus Mariota and Floyd Mayweather	Best Duck Ever.
What did the number zero say to the number eight	Nice belt.
What two friends belonging to two different alien species call each other	Brothers from Another Mothership.
[HORRIBLE] What is the best-selling treat in Rwanda	A Tutsi Roll.
What is the best thing about liquid soap	It takes longer to pick up.
What is a mixture of Hulk and Captain America called	Star-Spangled Banner.
What did Ava Braun say to Adolf Hitler	I love you so much, my head could explode!
What's the difference between a Baptist and a Methodist	A Methodist will say hi when he sees you at the liquor store.
Whats the difference between a zit and a priest	(My 17 year old camper just said this, made me cringe) A zit waits till you're a teenager to come on your face.
What do you call a kitten crying on the grass in the back yard	A lawn mewer. (I wrote this yesterday).
What did the black horse name its daughter	Sha-neigh-neigh. Thought of it at work.
What's the worst thing about owning a console	Memories of your dad leaving you are in 30fps
What did the kangaroo say when her baby was missing	Help! My pocket's been picked!
What do Polish arctic researchers do at elections	They have a polar pole poll.
What did the fruit enthusiast do as he was dying	Prepear for the end.
What do you call a jewish bodybuilder	Muscletov.
What part of the house does a ghost not use	The living room
What do you call weed from Israel	MaraJEWjuana
What do you call a girl whose profile pictures are only facial close ups	Fat.
What's the most favorite bird among most men	[BOOBIES!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Booby) I can't believe no one has made this joke here yet.
What do you call a slav tree	A Dimitree.
What is the difference between a straight man's mustache and a gay man's mustache	The smell.
What's the difference between a drunk and a stoner	A drunk drives right through a stop sign, a stoner waits for it to turn green.
What's the difference between a dead prostitute and a dead German midget	A tiny pair of lederhosen on your basement floor.
What famous actor costs an arm &amp; a leg to hire	ARMold SchwarzenLEGger
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry Potter came out of the Chamber alive.
What has a mouth but never speaks, Has a bed but never sleeps, And has legs but never walks	&amp;nbsp; A mute, crippled insomniac
What can a monster do that you can't do	Count up to 25 on his fingers.
What's the opposite of assault	a pepper.
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a dollar and forty nine cents and deer nuts are under a buck
What do you call empathetic bovine	understand bull
What does a Doctor do when he needs 50 bags full of fruits	He goes to Orlando and checks the Pulse.
What did Dave Grohl say when someone stole his Greek food	There goes my gyroooo
What falls faster from a tree	A leaf or an emo? The leaf, the rope stops the emo.
What do you call a man on your porch	Mat. I neglected to mention he has no arms or legs.
What does Hitler's asshole and the 7 dwarves have in common	They both enjoy Mein Shaft
What does it take to finish a race	More than a Holocaust
What did the girl with no hands get for her birthday	I don't know, she hasn't opened it
What does a fish say when it swims into a wall	Dam.
What do Asians do when they have an erection	They vote.
What did the byte do to keep each of his bits safe	He had to a-lock-eight into memory. -This is an original, hope you all enjoy.
What do you call a girl who stands in the middle of a tennis court	Annette.
What's the difference between a Greyhound station &amp; a Crab with boobs	One's a crusty bus station... The other's a busty crustacean.
What does your sex life have in common with a highway bridge	If you have weight limits you aren't going to see as much traffic.
What's your best racist joke	I was just looking for some good racially insensitive jokes for my friends. Gimme your worst, Reddit.
What are Cephalopod Ghosts made of	Octoplasm.
What do Catholics and guitar players have in common	Neither of them practice.
What does a robot do during sex	He nuts and bolts!
[NSFW] What's the Difference Between Peanut Butter and Jam	I can't peanut butter my dick in your ass.
What's a suicidal Russian's favorite drink	Cyka bleach
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*choking sound
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry Potter made it out of the chamber.
What's long, Jewish, and rough with your ass	Passover
What do you call a girl that goes down right after you just met	Ronda Rousey
What did one orphan say to the other orphan	ROBIN, GET IN THE BATMOBILE!
Whats the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a women's track team	A tribe of pygmies is a bunch of cunning runts.
What does sex have in common with a savings account	You lose interest once you make a withdrawal.
What was Whitney Houston's biggest hit	Her last one
What has 9 arms and sucks	Def Leopard!
What did one snowman say the the other	Smells like carrots.
What's the biggest problem for an atheist	No one to talk to during orgasm.
What did one earthquake say to the other earthquake	I've been really stressed out lately, I know it's not your fault, but please stop cracking jokes about me
What did the cave woman use as a dildo	A fucking rock
What do you call a hard working midget	A little elbow grease ^just ^thought ^of ^this ^one
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	Taste
What do they call a dog in Iraq	A Shia pet. *friend of mine came up with this and was pretty proud of himself
What did the new KKK member say during his training	Hey, I'm getting the hang of it!
Whats a joke so bad its funny	I just want some really hillarious jokes, preferably long ones
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotapus
What do you call a pile of cats	A MEOWntain! Thank you.
What is the greatest joke in the world	My life. My life is a joke.
What did the Alaska Native's girlfriend say when she broke up with him	*""I'm just not that Inuit.""*
What do you call a bunch of blondes waiting in line for meat	A barbie queue.
What do you want on your tombstone	pepperoni and cheese....
What did the blind man say when he passed by the fish shop	Hello ladies
What is green, fuzzy and very deadly if it falls on you out of a tree	A pool table.
Whats the difference between a tractor and a giraffe	(first ever post in a year on reddit!) One has hydraulics and the other high bollocks! Brilliantly told by my Irish cousin.
What do you call a hippopotamus wearing Tie Dye	... A hippiepotamus
What do you get when you turn a blonde upside down	A brunette with bad breath.
what's the difference between a my girlfriend and a voice activated sink	One gets turned on and all wet when I speak to it. The other is a voice activated sink.
What are Islamic extremists favourite drink	Smirnoff Isis
What do we want	Apathy! When do we want it? Oh, you know, whenever.
What is the difference between a blonde and a blonde dude	The blonde has a higher sperm count.
What do you call a pimp with his whores	A guard and hoes.
What did the Korean family call their dog	Stu
What do you get when you do laundry and accidentally leave chocolate in your pocket	Lindt choclate.
What does a proofreader have in common with a vampire	They search for type-os
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant dead ant dead aaaant, dead ant
What's the downside to dating a Mermaid	Her clam smells like fish!
What's the difference between Tony Abbott and a coffee machine	... One is a cold heartless machine, used by everyone... ...And the other is useful with a Cafe. Gnite folks!
What's white and covers the road in the early morning	Employed people.
What did the statistician say to the hooker as he pulled out his 5.2-inch manhood	I heard you suck a mean cock
What did one bean say to the other	How you bean doing.
What did they say about Baghdad after they installed too many garbage cans	It was Bin Laden
What's blue and smells like red paint	Just guess. BLUE PAINT.
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer	Freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What do you call a feminist from LA	A SoCal Justice Warrior.
What did the DNA say to the mRNA	I'm better without U.
What happens when a dick meets a hardass	Well... Fuck.
What do you call a David Bowie tribute band made up of astro-arachnologists	The Spiders from Mars :(
What do you call a group of slow extremist Muslim Dr Who fans	Tardis..... I will see myself out..
What has 4 teeth and 6 boobs	Third shift at the Waffle House.
What do Ohio and Mackerels have in common	Nothing! Ohio is the only state in the United States that's name shares no letters with the word mackerel.
What do you get if you cross Snoop Dogg with a hippo	A smokesalottapotamus Edit: [Found one in the wild.. ](http://i.imgur.com/c2Vt1sd.jpg)
What do you call a nun in a wheel-chair	Virgin Mobile!
Whats a cab drivers favorite song	Livin' on a fare!
Q: What did the skunk use to contact his girlfriend	A: His smellular phone!
What do you call a train when it's eating	A Chew-Chew Train! Side note, I have cheesy jokes for days.
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Roll them into a tire and call it a goodyear
What is brown and rhymes with snoop	Poop.
What's black	What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What do America and Russia have in common	They both want to kill turkey this thanksgiving
What's the difference between a VA Nurse and a bullet	A bullet only kills once.
What do you call a cow with a twitch	Beef Jerky
What is long and yellow and always points north	A magnetic banana.
What is stronger an elephant or a snail	A snail because it carries it's house an elephant just carries its  trunk !
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dre
What do you call a Jamaican with diahorrea	*Cool Runnings*
Whats the difference between a crab with big boobs and a bus station full of punks	One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station
What do you say to a redhead who has just been insulted	Aw-burn!
What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What's a hipsters favorite season	Summer, they like it before it's cool
What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend	A Guantanamo Bae Thought of this one earlier and just had to share
What's the only living organ in a corpse	This dick.
What's the difference between a Black man and a park bench	A Black man is a sentient creature.
What do you call an incredibly flexible chicken with an alien wristwatch	Bent Hen.
What do you call your female friend with tiny breasts	Your flatmate
What do you call black men working while white men watch	Slav-The NBA
[OC] What do you call a Latino on a bike	Juan less car (one less car)
What part of the computer the astronaut likes the most	A space bar.
What is the one thing you can't say even on the internet	[removed]
What is the best thing to do with lots of Dutch cheeses	Edam...
What was the name of the hog who was knighted by  King Arthur	Sir Lunchalot.
What dog rides a horse named Macaroni	Yankee poodle!
What did the woman from Finland say after seeing an old man fall in the water, knowing he couldn't swim	Oh no, Helsinki! He Finnish!
What does an IT guy use for birth control	His personality.
What's the hardest part about eating your vegetables	Digesting the wheelchair.
What's the Vatican City's favorite snack	popecorn
What's the difference between arguing with a girl and arguing with a knife	The knife has a point
What do you call a terrorist in the North Pole	An ISISicle!
whats the best thing about metal clothes pegs	I've no idea, you'll have to ask the wife.
What do a walrus and Tupperware have in common	Both looking for a tight seal.
What do you do with 100 peaches	You eat what you can, and you can, what you can't.
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon	One is fun to hit with a sledgehammer, the other is a watermelon.
What's the difference between a baby and a bowling ball	You can't unload a truck full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
What do you call a nose without a body	Nobody nose.
What's the name of the Iraqi basketball team	Alley-oop Akbar
What do you call a dog with wings	Linda McCartney Today's TIL reminded me.
What do Muslim children color with	A Quran
What do you call a chinese woman with a food processor on her head	Brenda.
What did one lesbian vampire say the other	See ya next month ;)
What do post-impressionist painters sing when painting a Frozen landscape	Let it Gogh!
What colour did Matthew McConaughey paint his house	All white, all white, all white...
What do you call a Hawaiian homosexual	A tropical fruit.
What do you call a redneck orgy	A family reunion.
What do you call a guy who likes telling ""dad jokes""	A ""groan"" man...
What do you call an Italian guy wearing a flourescent track suit	A DayGlo Dago
What's so good about being Swiss	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What does a gay horse eat for dinner	Haaaayyyyyyy
What's the difference between Trump and a pile of poop	A pile of poop is naturally brown.
What happened to Frankenstein's stupid son	He had so much wax in his ears that he became a permanent contributor to Madame Tussaud's.
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip	We used to be really tight until you let that dick come between us.
What does an aging Mafia boss do for his birthday	Forget about it.
What did the duck say when he bought the chap-stick	Put it on my bill.
What do you call a fat man in a bath	Tubby.
What are Mario and Luigi's overalls made of	Denim, denim, denim.
What would Donald Trump do if he doesn't win the election	He'll start his own brand of ""Government
What is the sexiest type of dolphin	A striped tease dolphin.
What do you call a superhero-duo run over by a steam roller	Flatman and Ribbon.
What do you call a 58 year old man that has sex with a 9 year old girl	The Prophet Muhammad.
What's the difference between hungry and horny	Where to put the cucumber.
What has two legs and bleeds a lot	Half a cat.
What do you call a Muslim flying an airplane	A pilot you racist freaks!
What's the one thing a mechanic can't fix	Stupid
What did the SS officer say after having his eye shot out	I can nazi.
What do you call an overweight psychic	A four-chin teller.
What was the slutty nurse looking for in October	A Hallowiener.
What do you call two identical boobs	Identitties.
What type of person does cocaine after taking a shot	A linebacker I came up with this on the toilet... Hope it's not old.
What do you call the hair of a centaur	Humane.
What do you call it when a snake can't perform sexually	Ereptile dysfunction
What's the similarity between a smart employee and a perfect volleyball hit	They're both fine assets!
What's the difference between oral sex and Anal sex	Oral sex will make your day, but Anal sex will make your hole week!
What do you call a robber who looks like David Beckham	Bandit like Beckham
What do you call fapping to dubstep	Wubbing one out.
What does Santa say when he meets your wife, your sister and your mother	HO HO HO, Merry Christmas!
What do you call a black persons toe	Ghetto
Whats Orange and bad for your teeth	... a brick
What do you call an Egyptian bone-setter	Cairo-practor.
What are the two main differences between a Chihuahua and a German shepherd	1. Spelling 2. Pronunciation
What kind of blood does a born loser have	Typo
What did the popular astrophysicist's father say to him after his cleat came undone at soccer practice	Kneel in the grass and tie, son.
What do you call a Muslim optician who doesn't give a fuck about his patients	Asif Eyecare
What's the difference between a Jew and Jewels	Jewels have 3 extra letters.
What does the Mafia and pussies have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit
What do ya call it when a lizard goes completely limp	A reptile-dysfunction.
What do you call 16 white American people	A full blooded Cherokee
What would a video game about an abortion nurse be called	Womb raider
What do you call a legless nun	Virgin immobile. Loosely based off the nun in a wheelchair joke.
What do you get when you cross a cat and an octopus	An Octopussy.
What do you call a guy who can't get a word in edgewise during an argument	A ""moderator"", apparently.
What is the warmest organ in the female body after she dies	The dick
What the opposite of progress	Congress
What do you call a special agent in a washing up bottle!	Ha bubble 0 7
What does a Jewish man attacking Pearl Harbour say	Torah! Torah! Torah!
What kind of undergarments do mermaids wear	An algebra
What do a country singer and combination of and SNL character and Jewish Comedian have in common)	Both would be called Garth Brooks.
What did the man say after his wife was dragged off the beach by a seal	Welp, seal ate her.
whats the difference between cancer and black people	cancer got jobs. (too soon.)
What do they have for lunch at Monster School	Human beans boiled legs pickled bunions and eyes-cream.
What do you call a midget that does cocaine	A low blow
What is Dracula's favorite pudding	Leeches and scream.
What is the difference between pink and purple	About forty years.
What do Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville have in common	They both shafted minors in the 1980's.
What's Hitler's favorite species of shark	The Great White.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face. credit to /u/crashdemon.
What's the definition of innocence	A nun working in a condom factory thinking she's making sleeping bags for mice.
What do you call a Dothraki mathematician	Khal-culator.
What do you call a vibrating cat	An ocellate.
What does Marilyn Quayle have in common with Marion Barry	They've both been known to blow a little dope.
What's a specimen	A Spanish astronaut
What kind of organisation is Atheism	A non-prophet organisation.
What kind of bees produce milk	booBEES. I'm so sorry..
What's a sailor's favorite kind of knot	It's a tie.
What did the French guy say when he forgot to tell his driver to turn left	Oh, gosh!
What's the difference between an 8 year old and a big bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall off a balcony
What did the doctor say to the injured gingerbread man	Why don't you try icing it
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a dead baby	I don't have a Lamborghini
What is a Trump supporters favourite exercise	White power walking!
What do you get when you mix olive oil, lemon juice, rosemary, thyme, salt, pepper and marijuana	Cheech Marinade!
What runs faster	Hot or cold? Hot because everyone can catch a cold!
What do you cal a Deaf and Mute person	It doesn't matter. He's not going to come.
What do you call a penny with Jesus on it	J.C. Penny
What soup weighs the most	Wanton soup. I'll leave now.
What is a Dolphins favorite ingredient	All porpoise flour.
What is programmers' favorite wine	[yellow tail]
What did the dick say to the condom	Cover me I'm going in.
What do you call a threesome	Q: What do you call a threesome with a man and two women? A: *Fucking awesome.* Q: What do you call a threesome with a woman and two men? A: *Gay sex with a witness.*
What is a Japanese favourite beverage that they don't remember	Affogato
What did one hand say to the other	Help, I think I'm in glove"".
What's the only positive from living in the ghetto	Pregnancy tests
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm read for free
What did Hillary say when she bumped into Barack Obama at the White House	Pardon me.
What do you do when you're sunburned	Make like a banana and peel.
What do you call a terrorist with eight legs	An Iraqnid.
What did one gay sperm say to another gay sperm	How do we find an egg in all this shit? Credit to my friend telling me
What did the O say to the 8	Nice belt.
What are the two saddest words of the English Language	'What party? '
What's the difference between America and a pot of yogurt	If you leave a pot of yogurt alone for 200 years it develops a culture.
What's it called when you try a different flavor of salsa	A change of pace.
What is Bill Cosby's favorite cocktail	A Cosbypolitan
What did the bishop say to a large group of priest at the overnight camp for young boys	'Let us prey.'
What did the bottle of milk say to the Mexican	Soy milk.
What is the blackest of magics	Negromancy.
What kind of rice puts you to sleep	Ray Rice
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating	Beef strokin' off.(NSFW)
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of shit	The bag.
What do they call shrimp killing a bunch of other shrimp	A krilling spree!
What's the difference between a WWE wrestler and a soccer player	A WWE wrestler will get up after faking an injury.
What do you put in an actor's drink... [OC] to raise the level of anticipation at the Oscars	[Expectorant](/spoiler)
What happens when Donald Trump takes Viagra	He grows taller.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	7 Pirates are illiterate.
What do you call a C-average student from Texas	Mr. President
What are the five white things on a nigger	His teeth, his eyes, his nails, his palms and...his owner!
What do you call a thirsty cow	A watermeloin.. Don't worry, I remember where the door is.
What's the first thing a cannibal does in the morning	Grab a cup of joe.
What came before the Big Bang	The Big Foreplay.
What did the Sadist do to the Masochist	Nothing.
What do you call a selfless pastrami	Pastramyou
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Yell at her.
What do you call a nazi gardeners foot pain	A facist planter's Plantar Fasciitis.
What's the difference between an old cat and a little kitten	An old cat will bite and scratch, but a little pussy never hurt anybody.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin mobile (Im going to fucking hell. I shouldnt have laughed at this so hard.)
What was Helen Keller's favourite colour	Corduroy.
What is the best kind of dog to ask for  directions	A Chihuahua because it knows all the shortcuts!
What's the worst thing about having sex with a Bulimic	She won't swallow
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard I just got layed last  night.
What did the cell say to his sister who stepped on his toe	Mitosis!
What do you call a cavator that isnt a cavator anymore	an EXcavator
What do you call an Asian woman with one leg	Irene.
What did the leper tell the prostitute	[Keep the tip!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0PIdWdw15U)
What would an anime spinoff of Dora the Explorer be called	Swiper no Swiping
What do you call a 90's sitcom star's inactivated x chromosomes	Roseanne Barr bodies heh
What do you call a horse who goes freerunning	Sarah Jessica Parkour
What's the difference between Japanese people and their food	Americans eat the food after they nuke it.
What do you call a secular humanist NGO	A non-prophet non-profit.
What's the proper name for a continually chafed asshole	Mr. President.
What do you call an alien that's also a pedophile	An Extramolestrial
What do Germans say when you show them a meme	Danke.
What the definition of a will	It's a dead giveaway.
What do you call it when you make fun of somebody else's gambling addiction	Slot shaming.
What's the difference between a lesbian and a canoe	A canoe tips.
What did the fertilizer say to the grass	I'm the shit.
What is an astronaut's favorite meal	*Launch*
What's the difference between a pizza and a gym teacher	A pizza can actually feed a family of four.
What do you do if a bird shits on your head	Don't go out with her again!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What's the difference between a coal mining company and catholic priests	A coal mining company puts miners in shafts.
What does a gentleman say to his friend at the gay bar	May I push your stool in for you?
What does Bill Clinton say when he is having anal sex with Hillary Clinton	I'm fucking Hillary-ass (hilarious)
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No i-dear What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no i-dear
what sex position produces the ugliest babies	Ask your parents
What happened to Jesus when he went to Mount Olive	Popeye beat the shit out of him.
What does a Gorilla attorney study	The Law of the jungle!
What is an angel's favorite font	Sans Seraph
What did the Men's Right's Activist say when he left his piano out in the rain	MUH SOGGY KEYS!
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew	Having to sit at the back of the oven.
What was Philip Seymour Hoffman's favorite album this year	Pure Heroine by Lorde.
What do you call a camel with no humps	?? Humphrey
What do you call a hooker's fart	... ... A Prosti- Toot!
What do you call a very funny mountain	Hill-arious!!
Q: What do ya call a bunch of guys breaking into a music store and helping themselves to the stringed instruments	A: Luters.
What do the Patriots and Lance Armstrong have in common	They only have one good ball.
What kind of back problem did the terrorist have	Scoli-isis
What has 7 letters and makes only Redditers mad	[deleted]
What does the average cat say	Mu
What do you call a fast sheep in Ireland	A virgin.
What's more fun than swinging a dead baby by a string	Stopping it with a shovel!
what do you call the smallest joke database in the world	r/jokes
What's the difference between a baby and baby Alien	One bursts into tears. The other bursts out of tears
What do you call a horny skeleton	A boner *ba dum tssssssss*
What Do You Call a Bad Circumcision	What do you call a bad circumcision? A rip off.
What was Hitler's greatest accomplishment	He killed Hitler
What game is in Schrodinger's Xbox	Dead or Alive
What did Hitler say when he got a 10 kill streak	Get reiched.
What do you call the line at a Vietnamese restaurant	Pho queue!
What sits at the bottom of the ocean and shakes	A nervous wreck!
What's the difference between your mom and a bowling ball	You can eat a bowling ball.
What is the best thing about having sex with twenty nine years olds	There are twenty of them.
What do you call a happy Lassie	A jolly collie !
What do you call a Mexican who can see into the future	Cristobal
What did the black man get for his 18th birthday	Your car.
What's brown and sounds like a bell	Dung
What's the difference between a Soap Opera and a Trailer Park	A Trailer park has much more interesting drama and less than a third of those pesky white teeth.
What's Darth Vader's Favorite Mineral	co-pper
What winks and fucks like a tiger	*winks*
What's the difference between Trump and Satan	Satan will at least let anyone into hell.
What's the difference between a large pepperoni pizza and an Art History degree	The pizza can feed a family of four.
What rock group has four men that don't sing	Mount Rushmore
What do you call an ant who skips school	A truant !
Q: What goes: click click click ""Now	FUCK!"" click click click ""Now? FUCK!"" etc... A: A blind guy working a Rubix cube.
What's so difficult about being a camera man in the porn industry	Recording with one hand..
What is Metal Gear's Snake's secret	There's a Solid, Liquid, and Solidus Snake. It seems they all passed gas.
What did the Olympic size swimming pool say to the kiddie pool	I can't be your friend anymore you're just too shallow!
What happened to the skunk who failed his swimming lesson	He stank to the bottom of the pool!
What kinda meat does a priest eat on Friday	nun
What does an Indian kid say before leaving his house for the day	.. Mumbai
What's the cheapest kind of meat	...Deer balls, They're under a buck!
What did the English man say when he walked in on his wife making love to three men	'Ello, 'ello, 'ello!
What kind of medicine do bears take	Bayer Asprin
What do you call an insect that gets exposed to radiation but nothing of consequence happens to it	A moot ant
What do you call a confederate that's bleeding out	A rebel without a gauze
What was Mozart's first movement	His bowels.
What is it called when a blind deaf man commits murder	Senseless Slaughter...
What did the Irishman say about Batman and Superman's fathers	They were both Martha Fockers
What did the mathematician and the dentist talk about	Calculus
What's the scariest thing in geometry	A vicious circle.
What does NAACP stand for	National Association of Apes Called People.
What do you call a Muslim pilot	A hijacker
What do you call a lonely orator	A master debater.
What's the first rule of bug ownership	Watch your step!
What do you call a tree if you don't know what kind of tree it is	It's a mystery.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow	Reality
What is love	[This is love](http://i.imgur.com/U3roe7r.png)
What do King Cong and the Archbishop of Canterbury have in common	Both are [primates.] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primate_(bishop))
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew	Black Jews have to get in the back of the oven.
What's black and white and red all over	Charlotte, NC
What's the difference between ironman and ironwoman	One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.
What happened when Dr Frankenstein swallowed some uranium	He got atomic ache.
What's the difference between my job and my wife	My job will still suck after 5 years
What do you get if you cross a wireless with a hairdresser	Radio waves !
What are filipinos horror stories	Crispy Pata
Q: What do kids like to eat in the playground	A: Recess Pieces.
What kind of code does a volcano use to make its website	HTMelt
What's the difference between a guy falling from the 20th or the 1st floor of a building	20th floor fall goes: *Aaaaaah, BAM!* 1st floor fall goes: *BAM, Aaaaah!*
What do you call a sharp witted man, that knows many languages, and is skilled at giving oral	A cunning linguist.
What did the Chinese vocalist do after smoking some marijuana	He Shanghai.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong	Neil Armstrong WALKED on the moon. Michael Jackson fucked little boys.
What's brown and sits on a piano bench	Beethoven's last movement.
What did cinderella do when she reached the ball	She choked.
What do you call an elephant that flies	A jumbo jet !
What's worse than having your doctor tell you that you have VD	Having your dentist tell you.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I don't find the same reposted joke when I search reddit for garbanzo bean recipes.
What do you call it when a lemon jerks off her own brother until he chafes	Inzest
What do you call a rabbit with a bent dick	Fucks Funny.
What present can you give to the woman who has everything	Antibiotics.
What did the chemist say when hr found 2 isotopes of helium	HeHe
What's a 6.9	A great thing ruined by a period.
What did Van Gogh's mother say to him when he was sad	Wipe away those ears.
What did one snail say to the other	Nothing. They were both decoys.
What rock group has four men that don't sing	Mount Rushmore.
What did Jared Fogle say when his wife told him she wanted kids	*Me too*
What's the difference between the charismatics and the nacists	45
What makes food go bad	[bacteria](/spoiler)
What do comic book collectors use in their hair when they shower	Mint conditioner.
What's Captain Picard's favorite game system	N-Gage
What do you call a horse that has been kicked out of his house	Unstable
What is the main difference between real numbers and women	Real numbers having period are rational.
What do you call the Italian slums	The spaghettos.
what do you call it when you sext someone and they dont respond	Molexting
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Hold on to your coconuts, this ain't gonna be your average blowjob. As told to me by a passing homeless man yesterday...
What's the one knot I can tie with my butt	A noose
What are a NEET's favorite type of shoes	REEEEEEEEEEEEBOKS
What stretches further, skin or rubber	Skin, it says in the scripture that Moses tied his ass to a tree and walked 3 miles to the next town.
What did the deaf, dumb, and blind kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call a smart plumber	A wisecrack.
What is Trump going to build to detain illegal Mexican immigrants if he becomes President	Juantanamo bay
What are the people from the country Lesbia called	Lesbians
What's the difference between hiring a team to write your jokes, and the team of joke writers itself	One's a cunning plan, the others a punning clan.
What is the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.
What's the difference between a turtle and a tortoise	I don't know but your mother's a whore!
what's red and invisible	no tomatoes.
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death	Isaac Newton died a virgin.
What do eagles and moles have in common	They both fly, except for the mole...
What do you do when you see a spaceman	You park, man.
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	I've never made a vitamin...
What's the difference between your dick and your money	I can find a lot of girls that'll blow your money.
What do I think about during sex	My wife waiting for me to get home.
What's an actuary	An accountant without the sense of humour.
What was a positive accomplishments made by the Nazi party	The leader killed Hitler OP: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3grkqb/what_were_some_positive_accomplishments_made_by/
What you call toes that taste like mint	Tic-tac-toe! My 8 year old daughter made this one up.
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea	I've never had a garbanzo on my face.
What's the similarity between a jew and a dog	They both hate the shower ^^^^SeeYouInHell
What is Bruce Jenner's nephew's favorite movie	Aunt Man
What's Hodor's favorite cereal	Raisin Bran
What's the fastest way to get a ripped body	Take highwhey.
What do you call an empty cheese whiz jar	Cheese Was! some old guy came up to me on the street and told me this one.
What do giants and strippers have in common	They both grind on bones to make their bread.
Whats more bruised than an old apple	My asshole after a night with Caitlyn Jenner
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a large-breasted crab	One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What do you call someone who was born in a camper	A son of a hitch!
What do you call a Mexican Aunt	A tor-tia.
What do you call it when people line up well	High queue-ality.
What's the heaviest soup in Asia	Wonton soup!
What do you call a difficult problem in chemistry	A chemystery.
What is the best part about a prostitute dying in the middle of your session	The next hour is free.
Whats white on top and black on the bottom	Society.
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor	A: Laughing stock.
What's the difference between an erection and Colin Kaepernick	An erection can make it past the semis, and still stand up if you sing for it.
Q: What do men and sperm have in common	A:They both have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human  being.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	You might thinks it's 'Arrrr"" but his first love be the 'C'
What do grammar nazis order at Burger King	Two Whoppers Junior
What's black and red, flashes like hell and annoys men	Live Jasmine
Whats the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before
What caused Captain Morgan's shipwreck	He was on the rocks.
What do you do when you see Michael J. Fox in a bathtub	Throw in a load of laundry.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunji cord	My ass. LAWL
What do you call a group of 10 insects that live in a housing complex	Tenants
What are the four fastest hands in the world	...when it slips out.
What was sonic's diet advice to mario	Gotta go fast
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks	Remarry
What do college fish study	Algae brah... I know it sucks but it was the only joke I've ever come up with!
What did the kid who could see dead eskimos say	Icy dead people!
What is the best joke you have heard that was on the end of a Popsicle stick	Here is mine: Q: Where do snowmen dance? --------- A: At the snowball. Best joke at the end of a Popsicle stick
What is the difference between an event at the X Games and a sorrority	One is a bunch of Cunning Stunts
What is a sheep with no legs	A Cloud.
What do you call a vaping vegan	1 Nothing! It isn't like you'll be able to get a word in!
Q: What is the difference between a banjo and an  Uzi submachine gun	A: An Uzi only repeats 40 times.
what do you get when you cross copper and zinc	brass.
What happens when the lights go out in a Chinese restaurant	It'll Dimsum.
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted people
What do you call spending time with you family through BDSM	Family bondage time.
What has 5 teeth and 60 eyes	A bus full of old people
What Do You Call An Arab Dinosaur	Dino-mite.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	You stop milking a cow after 10 years
What do you call the boner of a necrophiliac	Mourning wood
What kind of ring is the least exciting	A BOring
What type of math is dead	Aerith-matic..
What Did The Pirate Say On His 80th Birthday	Ayyyye Matey!!!
What do you call a Pokemon who is trying to quit smoking	Vaporeon
What does a north Korean and a ginger have in common	Neither has a Seoul
What did the Game of Thrones character say when he saw the slutty door	Hodor.
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexic's Association
Q: What do you give a dog with a fever	A: Mustard. (It's good for a hot dog.)
What's the difference between hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber
What did they do to the burger who thought he was a rooster	Cook-a-doodle-do!
What do you call a disease you get from having sex	Infucktious Diseases
What's the difference between America and yoghurt	If you leave yoghurt alone for a couple of centuries, it'll grow a culture.
what did Putin say to Ukraine	Crimea river.
What's the difference between cider and apple juice	My wife doesn't let me cum in apple juice :-(
What do you call a man with half a brain	Gifted.
What do white guys do that lasts hours and makes white women scream	NASCAR
What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs on a pool table	Rick O'Shay
What's Forrest Gump's password to reddit	1jennay1
[Offensive] What do you get when you cross a bowl of fruit and the holocaust	Orange Jews from concentrate
What did the Australian say to the hawk	Good eye!
What is the difference between ooh and aah	Just three inches.
what do you call chicken shawarma wrapped in a tortilla	A mosqueito.
What do call a prehistoric hooker	Vaginasaurass
Whats so great about banging 26 year olds	There's 20 of em
What did the busty police officer say to the drug trafficker	You're under a breast.
What do you get when you cross a vampire with a snowman	Frostbite.
What do you call a baby born in a whorehouse	A brothel sprout
What do Super Mario Brothers, and relationships have in common	Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons before you get to the princess
What do you call a parody when the actors are unaware it's satire	Politics.
What is the best way to determine if someone is ticklish	Give them a ""test tickle.
What does a pound, a dollar and rumble have in common	For a dollar you can get a pound of rubles.
What do you call someone who can't turn pancakes	A flip-flop.
Q: What's the best way to kill a man	A: Put a naked woman and a six-pack in front of him. Then tell him to  pick only one.
What's the difference between a Priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13
What's Jon Snow's favorite children's book	Where The Wildlings Are
What did Goku want to be when he was growing up	a SAIYANtist!
what do you call a young Chinese prostitute	SUM YUNG HO
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	**Virgin Mobile**
What type of milk does Bernie Sanders drink	Whole milk because he cares about all the milk and not just the top 1% milk!
What's the difference between Kung-Fu and Judo	One is the ancient art of self defense. The other is what you make bagels out of.
What is green, fuzzy, and would kill you if it fell out of a tree	A pool table
What do you call a talk on male anatomy	A semenar
What did the vampire say to the teacher	See you next period!
What do you call The Bear who loves philosophy	winnie the Philosopooh
What do vegetarians masturbate to	Quornography.
What do you call a Hillary supporter	A journalist.
What do you call a burial chamber full of Moose	Moosoleum.
What cat purrs more than any other	Purrsians !
Q: What do blonde's have against  condoms	A: Their cheeks.
What do you call a very cold vodka	Absolut Zero
What would bears be without bees	Ears!
What do Trump voters use as bookmarks	Lit matches.
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful	Unlawful is against the law, whereas illegal is a sick bird. Note: This obviously works better when told than read.
What has 10 letters and starts with gas	An automobile
What does an American call a Canadian Dollar	A quarter.
What is Putin to Ukraina, a friend or a brother	A brother, because you can choose your friends.
What does a gay orgy sound like	A cockophony.
What are your two favourite times to party	Daytime and night-time!
What is an astronomer's favorite drink	*Star*bucks. [Sorry.](https://sarahk18.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/happy-ba-dum-tss-l.jpg)
What do you call it when you are looking for your Subaru Forrester in a parking garage	Finding Forrester
What's the difference between Barack Obama and Cecil the lion	Ones an African lion, the other's a lyin' African.
What's better than cheese	A cheese grater
What's the most popular type of car in Turkey	Coupe
What's a communist's favourite beverage	Leninade
What's a pedophile's favorite drink	Cherry pop. See you all in hell!
What do you call a tall black person	A negro.
What is the difference between a corvette and a blowjob	Your mom never gave me a corvette.
What's brown and sticky	The remains of an overused punchline
What's the only type of seafood that Sean Connery won't share	Shelfish
What is the definition of disappointment	Running into wall with a boner and breaking your nose.
What did the five fingers say to the phallus	FAP!!!
What do you call someone who sells their butthole for sex	Prostatute
What do you get hanging from apple trees	Sore arms
What do you call a child who doesn't believe in Santa	...an eggnogstic
What do you call someone with no legs	30 a week poorer.
What brand of car would the Roadrunner be	Jeep Jeep
What did the boy bird say to the girl bird on Valentine's Day	Let me call you Tweet heart!
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a dully dressed man on a bicycle	A tire.
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist	Newer magazines.
What do you get if you watch the Blind Side backwards	Oher's NFL career
What do you call a trucker that doesn't drive anymore	Semi-retired.
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast	A synonym roll.
What's worse than being German on D-Day	Being single on V-Day.
What does a Jewish turtle say when it first meets someone	SHELLom
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast	A synonym roll!
What do you call a dog that's into BDSM	A subwoofer.
WHAT DO WE WANT!	CLEARED TIMES ON OUR MICROWAVES! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? 0:00!
What happened when a heart robs a bank	It gets put under cardiac arrest.
What's worse then ants in your pants	Uncles.
What do you call an Italian with erectile dysfunction	Floppy Giuseppe
What do you say to a one legged hitch-hiker	Hop in.
What do ping pong players and my dominatrix have in common	They both like to paddle little, white balls.
What do Germans and acetone have in common	They are both good at removing the Polish!
What did one royal family say to the other before getting into a fight	Put up your Dukes! I'll just let myself out...
What does the future hold	Global warming, depleted resources, & species going extinct. But also the iPhone 5, so it's break even.
What happened with the wooden car with wooden wheels, wooden seats, and a wooden engine	It wooden go.
[Rogue One Spoilers] What is the empire's favorite kind of font	Sans Scarif
What do you call a all female flight crew	A box office
What's the last thing you hear before a pubic hair falls to the ground	*spits*
What did Christa McAuliffe say to her husband before she left her house to board the Challenger space shuttle	You feed the dogs, and I'll feed the fish.
What did the Ocean say to the Beach	Nothing, it just waved... Prolly my favorite joke of all time, maybe ever.
What's good on pizza, but not on dick	Cheese
What do you call a happy ending at a Jewish massage parlor	Free.
What do you call an Eastern European cashier	A Checkoutslovakian. (Better said than read)
What did the farmer tell the hoe	Let's get dirty.
What would you call a 90 year old hooker	Ho-spice
What's the capital of Greece	(x-post from /r/MeanJokes) About 10. DISCLAIMER: I heard this joke from /u/r4e3d2d2i8t5. All due credit to that person.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is heavy, and one is a little lighter.
What's a zombie's favorite pop song	Dead sails in the sunset.
What did the Circle say to the Square on the bus	Oh no! I've got on the Rhombus!
What do you call a racist police dog	A KKK-9
What is it called when a dyslexic has a slow computer	A rack of lamb
What is the difference between Jedward and a vacuum cleaner	A vacuum cleaner only sucks when you turn it on.
What's in a name	A rose by any other name would smell as sweet. But, if roses were called ""herpes"" they'd make terrible Valentine's Day gifts.
What did the boy with no hands get for christmas	Gloves! Just kidding, I don't know what he got. He hasn't opened it yet.
Whats the difference between a dead baby and an apple	You dont cum on the apple before you eat it....
What did the passive-aggressive raven say	Nevermind, Nevermind
What did the policeman say to his stomach	You're under a vest!
What is a moo hoo for a cow that fell into the  thresher	Ground round!
What's the good word	Legs. Spread the word.
What did a bad teacher tell their wisecracking student	Don't get smart with me.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose	Full
What do you call a cold Jewish person	Iceberg.
What do programmers hate more than fat women	Fat fingers
What one food is known to decrease sex drive in women more than any other	Wedding cake.
What's sexier than roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ!
What do you get if you cross an apple with a  shellfish	A crab apple !
What is it when a man talks dirty to a woman	Sexual harassment.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Fuck if I know.
What's the difference between pizzas and vaginas...	...Crust on a pizza is nice...
Q: What does a proud computer call his little son	A: A microchip off the old block.
What did the Bra say to the Hat	I'll hang around here, you go on a head.
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise	Lmayo!
What was Nero's favorite kind of sandwich	A Plebeian J
What does an octopus take on a camping  trip	Tentacles!
What's the difference between a gay man and a Christian man	One fucks an asshole, the other is a fuckin' asshole.
What do you call the sweat on the bodies of two people having sex in West Virginia	Relative Humidity
What famous movie did the hamburger meat think of when they took it out of the freezer	They Fry Who Cam in from the Cold!
What did one orphan say to another	Robin, get in the Batmobile.
What do you do after raping a deaf girl	Break her fingers so she cant tell anyone.
What do you call your last girlfriend's vagina	Xbox
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	Nobody ever wants to borrow my hippo :-(
What's cheaper than a wall	Landmines.
What do you call a young plastic covered sheep	Laminated
What do you call a man with a rubber toe	Roberto . . hahah . . . fuck
What do you call hundreds of crows at a Catholic church	A mass murder.
What's strong enough for a man but made for a women	The back of my hand.
What did the Italian bigfoot say when someone yelled, ""Hey Abominable Snowman, are you ready to go	Not-a-Yeti
What do you call an alligator that starts something	An insti-GATOR!
What's the rudest type of Elf	The GofuckyoursELF
What does the new socialist leader of France mean for the country, Europe, and the world	Nationalized wine.. Sounds like the right wing will have some whine too.
What happens to a frogs car when it is parked illegally	It gets toad away
What is the first name of Mr Rafone	Mike.
What do you call Winnie the Pooh's Grandmother	Poonanny
What is Mexico's national sport	Cross country
What do you call a monkey with a white bandanna tied to his tail	A surrender monkey
What's a seal's favorite drink	Canadian Club on the rocks.
What is a terrorist's favorite wine	White Infidel.
What do you call a pretzel with roofies in it	Forget-me-knots!
What's the definition of ""relative humidity"" in Arkansas	The amount of sweat you can lick off your fathers balls after sex.
What happened when Caesar's government officials could not reach consensus	Irritable Brawls in Rome
Whats the difference between a duck	One foots both the same!
What do you call something that is long hard and full of semen	A Submarine.
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline	You take off your boots to jump on a trampoline
What's a mathematician's favorite drug	dx/dc
Whats the most addictive drug you can formulate out of a piece of the human body	Hairoin
What is a nurse in the maternity ward's favorite kind of food	Delivery.
What is not a truck crashing into people	Nice.
What is a sluts favourite drink	7-Up in cider
What does an uncircumcised gangster say	.. ""I cum from the hood
What did Donald Trump do before criticizing illegals	He made sure his pools were clean and his lawns were mowed.
What do you call a gay drive by	A Fruit roll up
What are snails trying to do	Their best
What do you call a magic dog in French	A magi-chien.
What begins with an ""s"", ends with a ""x"" and leaves a guy blown away	Semtex.
What was Monica Lewinsky's high school yearbook superlative	Most likely to suck seed.
What's the worst part about viewing porn on a windows computer	The sticky keys.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	My ass!
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	My ass.
What does toilet paper and the Star Trek Enterprise have in common	They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
What is Whitney houstons favorite type of coordination	HAAAANNNNNND EEEEYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEE
What is the difference between an onion and a hooker	I always cry when I cut an onion
What's brown and hides in the attic	The diarrhea of Anne Frank
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What do you call a small dog	A subwoofer!
q: what's black and would kill you if it jumped on you out of a tree	a: a grand piano
What do you call it when a lizard has problems in the bedroom	A reptile dysfunction
Q: What is a dentist's favorite musical instrument	A: A tuba toothpaste.
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	With the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
What happens when someone spills really hot coffee on you	You will get burned, you idiot.
What's the different between a wife and a smoke detector	One, you can turn off without even trying. The other, you spend all day waving a dish cloth at.
What's the difference between New York City and the Land of Mordor	Two Towers.
What did the super-fan sheep say to Obama	You Bahhhhhh-Rock!
What's Santa's favourite heavy metal band	Sleigher
What do iPhone 7 and the lastest trailer Pirates of the Carribean 5 have in common	They have no Jack.
What did the hat say to the other hat	You stay here. I'll go on a head.
What's the difference between a cockerel and a prostitute	A cockerel says cock-a-doodle-do. Whereas a prostitute says any-cock-will-do.
What do you call an Alabama woman who can run faster than her brother	virgin
What should you do if a monster runs  through your front door	Run through the back door.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A Megasaurass.
What kind of snake is useful on your windscreen	A viper !
What did the Russian athlete say when he was stung by a mosquito during the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro	zika blyat
What smells bad and sounds like a bell	Dung! Get it?!
Whats a famous piece of shit, that hates mexicans	Tronald Dump
What do you get if you cross Michael J Fox with a dildo	A vibrator.
What did the poop say to the pee when he was hitting on her	I may be a two but your an eight..
What is the Beatles' favourite social media site	REDDIT BE
What does a gay horse eat	HAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
What does an Asian person say when asked, ""does the carpet match the drapes	I don't have a carpet; I have an Oriental rug.
What do you get when you cross a pig with a billy  goat	A crashing bore.
What does a snowman eat for dinner	Ice-burgers.
What do you call a canadian enchilada	A centimeter-alada
What is trust	Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
what do you call a Cow with no legs	ground beef. what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef. what do you call a cow with two legs? your mother.
What did the sassy monkey say to the bad monkey	You don't deserve a banana.
What do I do after I die	Idk EDIT: Read the letters out loud :)
What is the best definition of irony	irony irne/ noun a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often amusing as a result.
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
What do you call an anorexic.. What do you call an anorexic chick with a yeast infection	Quarter-pounder with cheese
What came first, the Chicken or the Egg	That depends on which one you had for starters
What's the worst thing you can hear when Willy Nelson is going down on you	I'm not Willy Nelson
What did the dyslexic Satanist do	He sold his soul to Santa.
What's white on top and black on the bottom	Society
What's the benefit of having sex with 24 year olds	There's 20 of them.
What's the President's favorite vegetable	Barackoli
What do you a paralyzed gangster	A crip.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	Use a lubricant
What's my favourite kind of trans-fat	Chaz Bono
What do you call a woman with one leg	Ilene What do you call an Asian woman with one leg? Irene
What does a goose do What can a goose do, that a duck can't, and that your lawyer should	Stick his bill up his ass.
What did the spaceman see in his frying pan	An unidentified frying object.
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What goes clop clop clop - BANG! BANG! BANG! - clop clop clop	An Amish drive-by shooting
What's the real reason why SJWs hate guns	They don't come with trigger warnings.
What do you call an army of toddlers	Infantry.
What's the worst thing to hear during a prostate exam	Look! No hands!
What's green slimy and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's finger.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros	Elephino
What do you call an Indian man standing on one leg	Balan Singh.
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs	A condescendant con descending.
What will latent pedophiles pay a hooker extra to wear	pedo-pushers
What do you call a girl without arms and legs	A fuck nugget
What do you call a pimp without a cane	A caneless pimp.
What do you call a farmer who's excellent at what he does	Outstanding in his field
What happened when the monster kissed his one  true love	He left lip prints on the mirror!
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an AR 15	One is responsible for the deaths of Americans, the other is an inanimate object.
What do you call a lying rooster	A cock you wouldn't believe!
What do you call a cheap maid uniform	Maid in China.
Whats about 9 inches and makes a woman scream	Cot death.
What's the difference between a blimp and a blow job every day	One's a Goodyear, the other's a fucking awesome year!
What's even harder to find than Bigfoot, UFOs, the Loch Ness Monster, and diamonds in Minecraft	The real download button on Softpedia.com
What's the difference between r/politics and r/sandersforpresident	The url.
Whats the opposite of progress	Congress
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	aye matey
What do feminists and Redditors have in common	They both have multiple triggers that will cause them to down vote those who don't think the exact same way as them.
What does Snoop Dogg keep in his backyard	His garden hoes.
What's the difference between Karate and Judo	Karate is a martial art, and Judo is what they make bagels from.
What's the difference in Xbox One and your mother	I genuinely care about your mother.
What do you call an Irish lesbian	Gaelic
What's the difference between the England football team and a teabag	The teabag stays longer in the cup.
What Do People Have In Common With Jellybeans	Nobody likes the black ones.
What do a Russian pimp call his prostitute	Slobberonmadickyabitch
What is Jesus' favorite video game on earth	I am bread.
What do you call someone whose filed bankruptcy 4 times and divorced twice	A GOP Presidential candidate.
what's the worst part for a zombie about eating a vegetable	the wheelchair.
What kind of donuts did Bob Marley prefer	The ones with Jam in
What's the difference between an apple and a hormone	You can't hear an apple
What do you call a group of animals who decides to kill themselves	Mass zooicide.
What happened to the gay wizard	(mildly offensive maybe) He went off with a poof.
What's the difference between a bull and a cow	A bull smiles when you milk it.
Whats the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus	It only takes 1 nail to hang the painting.
What is Michael J Fox's favourite song	Shake It Off by Tayler Swift
What kind of bee can never be understood	A mumble-bee.
What's it called when you go around looking for stuff to buy that's made in America	Antiquing.
What does Batman do for Father's Day	Nothing
What do you call someone with one arm and no legs	Names
What is a red haired persons favorite alcohol	Ginger Ale
What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby	One is still dicking bimbos while the other was dicking still bimbos.
What's the difference between the jokes from today and next week's jokes	The posters.
What's the Easter Bunny's favorite song	Don't you want some bunny to love
What do Ryan Lochte and the water in Rio have in common	They're both full of shit.
What's a pedophile's favorite musical key	A minor Hahahahahaha I'm making music flashcards and I'm soooo bored :/
What would you find on a German fire truck	Ladder-hosen
What do you call an Jihadi Terrorist who just escaped prison	a free radical..
What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette	Omeletteyoufinish -stolen from raininginreverse on tumblr.
What happened to the frog's illegally parked car	It got toad away
What do you call a doctor who eats his vegetables	A cannibal.
What's a pirates favorite type of thread	Yaaaaarn.
What sound does a subatomic Cow make	Muuuuuuon
What do you call titty fucking underwater	The breast stroke
What rock group has 4 men that do not sing	Mt. Rushmore
What's the difference between a Jew and Santa	Santa goes down the chimney :(
What's Richard Nixon's favorite game	I spy.
What would you call a restaurant for anorexics	The Empty Plate...
What do grapefruit and vaginas have in common	The pinker the better and they're both an acquired taste.
What type of rock is this Holmes	It's sedimentary my dear Watson!
What does a fire, flood, earthquake, tornado, hurricane, and a wife have in common	Sooner or later, one of them is probably going to get your house.
What's the difference between yogurt and the US	Yogurt's got a culture. (no offence)
What happens if you put a mirror in a garage	A mirage!
What is a Redditor's favorite car brand	The Snoobaru.
whats white with red stripes and crawls slowly over the floor	Freshly whipped masochist!
What celebrity never payed with a cheque or credit	Johnny Cash.
What do you call a pot smoker that spends every night dancing and drinking with his friends	A Rastapartying
What do math and mermaids have in common	They both have an alge-bra.
What do you call a little kid with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor.
What is live	Life is love. Whats love? Love is kissing. Whats kissing? Come here and I show you.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing. They're both stuck up cunts.
What does a nosey pepper do	Gets jalapeno buisness. ... I'll let my self out.
What does Spiderman like to get high on	Mary Jane
What did the ghost give his girlfriend on Halloween	A ""booquet"" of flower.
What do you call a book filled with outlines of Star Wars characters	A Kylo Ren Book
What do you call a rainbow of Jeeps in the driveway	Roy Jeep Biv
What do you say to a woman with no arms or legs	Nice tits!
What do you call an illegally parked frog	Toad
What do you call a three-legged donkey	A wonkey. What do you call a three-legged donkey with one eye? A winky-wonkey.
what do people call bob the builder when he's not building anything	bob
What do you call an Italian at the World Cup Finals	A referee
What did the body builder say when he ran out of protein powder mix	No whey.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an oompa loompa	If you are wise, you won't listen to him.
What did the chef say when he noticed his scales were broken	No weigh...
Whats the most confusing day in Detroit	Fathers day.
What do you call it when you do a skateboarding trick over your parent's genitals	A Freudian Flip.
What vegetable has the most sexual self-control	The cuecummer!
What is large and grey and shoots tourists in Africa	An elefanatic, of course.
What are rich people called in Japan	Milyennaires
What kind of television do horses like	Saddle-lite TV
What's the difference between a hippie girl and a can of beans	You would still eat the beans after a month in the woods
Q: What do you call dirt	A: Dirty.
What did the right eye said to the left	Between me and you, ""something smells"".
What did the sea say to the shore	Nothing, he just waved. Christmas crackers are the worst.
What did the Alabama sherriff call the black man who had been shot 15 times	The worst case of suicide he had ever seen.
What do you call a lonely terrorist	ISIL-ated
What's the difference between a Christmas star and a bad pickling job	One brightly shines...
What's your mom's favorite bird	A cock or two.
What do you call a flesh light powered by your smartphone	iFap
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	You cry when you cut an onion.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	The taste. I'll show myself out.
What's worse than a fish in the SS	*Adolf*in. Man, I did *Nazi* that coming.
What's wrong with a joke containing Cobalt, Radon and Yttrium	It's CoRnY
What's worse than your mother-in-law	My mother-in-law.
What cell phone service do Stormtroopers use	AT &amp; AT.
What does a lonely pepper do	Gets jalapeno business.
What's green, has 6 legs and if it fell from a tree it would kill you	A pool table...
What did Shakespeare ask his doctor when he was afraid he had tuberculosis	TB or not TB, that is the question.
What's the definition of a gentleman	Someone who knows how to play the bagpipe and doesn't.
What's M. Night Shyamalan's favorite flavor of ice cream	Twist
What happened to the two zombies who went on a date	They had a *Necro*mantic** time.
What type of lettuce do they serve on the titanic	Iceberg :D
What is a hipster's favorite element	Fe, because it's so ironic
What did the baby milk say to his older sister	You're spoiled!
What did the burglar give his wife for her birthday	A stole.
What do I want to do to your body	I don't know. Identify it, I guess.
What did the suicidal college student say to his room mate	Dont leave me hangin' bro
What's the difference between me and my couch	My couch pulls out.
What does your wife/girlfriend want more than anything in the world	Nothing, she's fine.
What do you call two men from Paraguay	Par a guays!
What did the HS principal say when he accidentally got a math substitute to fill in for a chemistry teacher	Whoops, wrong sub.
What do you get if you cross a jogger with an apple pie	Puff pastry !
What's the one thing a black person will never steal	Your job.
What's the fastest way to get to a woman's heart	A knife.
WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAKE NOODLE	AN IMPASTA.
What's the I.T. guy's favorite pokemon game	It's a toss up between ruby and perl.
What do you call bees that make milk instead of honey	BOOBIES XD
What's the most Ghetto cheese	E-Dayyyyyyyyyymn (Edam)
What's the difference between Eric Clapton and a snooker player	One plays with an electric guitar, the other a-cue-stick.
What do you call a hot indian girl	Bomb bae
What do you call a random selection of sailors	A seamen sample
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and Jeb Bush	None. They both should have pull out sooner.
What do you get when you put 32 Rednecks in one room	One full set of teeth.
What do you call a marathon runner that refuses to stop	A joggernaut.
What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at three ho's
What is light and red	Pink
What do you call an alligator with a vest	An Investigator!
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your cock up someone's ass.
What do Chinese lumberjacks do	Chopsticks
What's another word for a penis potato	A dictator
What's the difference between a garbonzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $300 to have a garbonzo bean on my face!
What is the difference between a Cadillac and five dead Asian hookers	I don't have a Cadillac in my garage
What's the difference between a Catholic and Baptist	A Catholic will say hello to you in a liquor store.
What'd you call a German businessman	An enterpreNeuer.
What do you call a king with a weed addiction	Your royal highness.
What do you call a Russian sovereign with dwarfism and a taste for both men and women	A little bizar
What is it called when an exchange student goes to Malaysia	Euthanasia.
Whats the difference between America and Yogurt	If you leave Yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.
What's your favorite city in China	Taiwan
What's an Apple Scottish self-aware computer called	I, Mac.
What did the fish say when it swam into a cement wall	DAM!
What is the difference between an ornithologist and a stutterer	One is a bird watcher, and the other is a word botcher.
What is a dentist's office	A filling station.
What is a tornado	Mother nature doing the twist !
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ!
What do you find at the bottom of the lake	Bassturds.
What kind of luggage does a vulture bring on a plane	Carrion.
What did Napoleon say on the rollercoaster	Ouiiiiiiii!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Holy Roller
What's a best friend	One who goes out and gets two blowjobs, then comes back and gives his buddy one
What gym equipment does Jesus use	A cross trainer.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Walkout
What do you call a deer with no eyes	I have no-eye-deer
What do you call tubing in Winnipeg	Mani-tubing
What has wheels and is green	Grass, I lied about the wheels.
What do You Call a Line... Q: What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards	A: a receding hare-line.
What do you call a 350 pound stripper	Broke
What do you call a country ruled by dank memes	Kappatalism
What do you get when you buy a $5 umbrella	Wet. Source: me, now.
What is the most popular hacking tool preferred by hackers in Bangladesh	machetes
What does a farsighted gynecologist have in common with a puppy dog	They both got a wet nose.
What did the blonde Buddhist say when she finished her 88th prayer	I literally chant even...
What do you call a butthurt white guy	A salty cracker.
What do black guys do after sex	25 years - life
What do you call a black pilot	A pilot , you racist dumbass...
What's the cheapest cut of meat	Deer nuts: they're under a buck.
What's the difference between a ginger girl and a vampire	One bursts into flames in the sunlight, and the other is a vampire.
What's the worst part of being a cook in prison	Having to toss everyone's salad
What's the Titanic's Favorite Holiday	Sink-o de Mayo.
What's the similarity between pessimists and people with a phobia of sausages	They both fear the wurst
What do mexicans drink in the morning	Dos Eggys
What's a pirates favourite letter	P, because without it they're irate
What's the difference between a preschool and a brothel	You should know this you sick fuck.
What did one plate say to the other	Lunch is on me.
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	A pilot you racist bastard.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A PILOT you racists!
What did the blind man say to his old friend	Ayy, long time no see!
What's a feminists favourite type of math	triggernometry
What did one volcano say to the other	i lava you
What do you get if you cross a skunk and a boomerang	A smell that keeps coming back!
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve	(Sorry if you've heard this) Christopher Walken
What do you call a mexican midget	A paragraph.Why?Because he's too short to be an essay.
What's long, hard and covered in blood	The Boston Marathon!
What did the rapper say to the deli owner	Challah!
What is the climax to a telephone receptionist who is on cocaine	A second line
What do you call a Mexican guy shouting at someone	An argumentative ese
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the batmobile
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps CAN finish a race!
What did 9/11 have in common with a lasagna	There was ground meat between the layers.
What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common	They both like a tight seal.
what are pee wee herman's favorite baseball teams	yanks and the expos
What weighs 2 lbs and is full of shit	Donald Trump's shoes
What's harder than beating Alabama twice	Beating LSU once, Geaux Tigers!!!
What do you call an Asian person that is hit by a car	Hood orient
What's 6.9	A perfectly good 69 ruined by a period
What do Stephan Harper and pennies have in common	They're both useless in Canada.
What do a pulse and an orgasm have in common	I don't care if she has one.
What is the most dangerous thing in america	Ans: Nigger with a library card
What do you call rice on 2 legs	Pi Ok, I'm leaving now.
What do you say to a Jedi who stole your sicilian dessert	You owe me one cannoli.
What is a dank memers favorite letter	A
What's for dinner	-A question asked by children who have no intention of eating the answer.
What do you get when you cross a dylexsic, insomiac and a agnostic	Someone who stays up at night wondering if there really is a dog.
What's the worst name a transvestite could choose	Amanda
What did the fish scream when its tank cracked	Dam-it!
Q: What does Shakespeare say when he is angry with his dog	A: Out, out, damned Spot!
What's the difference between a monster  and a mouse	A monster makes bigger holes in the skirting board.
What shoes are hard to wear	Dark Soles Terrible gaming pun. My friend posted this on FB, thought I would share.
Whats the difference between a bitch and a whore	A whore sleeps with everyone at the party and a bitch sleeps with everyone at the party except you.
What do you call an Asian woman on the moon	an Astronaut
What falls first an apple or a black man	An apple because the balackman hangs.
What do you call a Vagina's Poem	A Solliloqueef
What do Pokemon Go and Tinder have in common	Both give you a good chance of catching something
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair gets in the way.
What do you call the entrance to a prostitute's house	Hodor.
Q: What do you call the folks who hang around the musicians at conservatories	A: Violists.
What did the gay Frenchman say to his boyfriend right before sucking his dick	Boner appetit.
What do you call the Dollar Tree stores in Britain	Pound Town
What do you call a gore thriller that can't get enough funding	A film that needs morbids.
what is a feminists favorite branch of mathematics	Triggernometry
What's the difference between Bad Jokes and Dad Jokes	One starts with B and the otber starts with D
What do you call someone who has sex for spaghetti	A pastatute.
What is called a honeymoon salad	Lettuce alone with no dressing.
What do you call a slutty fisherman/woman	A hooker.
What is the difference between a tire and a black man	The tire doesn't start singing when you chain it.
What is Beethoven's favorite food	Ba-Na-Na-NAAAAAAAAAAAA
What do you get when you put a woman's face on a $10 bill	$2.23 in change.
What's the difference between an airplane and an abortion	Only one doesn't fly after coming into contact with a hanger
What do you call an Irish milkshake	Mashed potatoes...
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable	Jeffrey Dahmer!
What pronouns do you use to address a chocolate bar	Her/she
What's the worst gift to give to a Jewish person on Christmas	Literally anything.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	A porcupine has its pricks on the outside.
What do you call a couple of ones and zeros orbiting around each other	Binary stars.
What did the orphan say when the orphanage burned down	Nothing. He just laughed.
What did the jealous prostitute say at the orgy	Don't blow this for me.
What did the detective say when he tripped over a pretzel left by the perp	Well, that was an unexpected twist!
What's the difference between STD's and Pokemon	I still haven't caught any Pokemon.
What is a Catholic's favorite weapon	Nun-chucks.
What's better than a paradox	A pair of nurses
What do you call a gay fly	a maggot
What did the young witch say to her mother	Can I have the keys to the broom tonight !
What's the difference between a dilapidated bus stop and a lobster with a breast implant	One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. Heard very recently and just had to share.
What are Mitt Romney's favorite shoes	Flip flops
What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About halfway across
What do you call a girl that sleeps with you for your Adderall	A total attention whore.
What did the cop say to the doughnut as he ate it	Rest in **police**.
What do you call a woman who always knows where her husband is	A widow.
What should you do if you see your TV floating	Turn on the lights and shoot the black guy.
What do call you someone who feeds on comatose patients and pizza	A vegetarian.
What does a hardware salesman do on a one night stand	He nuts and bolts.
What's a wombat for	For playing wom
What is it about glow sticks that makes me want to dance in a field wearing fairy wings	If only I hadn't taken so many drugs I'd know this.
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawkings after a house fire.
What's long and black	An unemployment line.
What is the difference between Father Christmas and a warm dog	Father Christmas wears a whole suit a dog just pants!
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What is the best way to stop rape	Consent
What do you call a German dust storm	A Jewish family reunion.
What do you call the concentration camp prisoners who kept pestering the guards with questions	Askanazi Jews
What do you call a circus full of mean people	A jerkus.
What would Martin Luther King Jr. have been if he was white	Alive
What do you get when you have 50 female pigs and 50 male deer	One hundred sowsand bucks
What did the gay deer say when he left the bar	I can't believe I blew 50 bucks back there!
What do you call an overpriced circumcision	A rip off.
What do you get if you cross a rhino with an elephant	I don't know but it's not relevant.
What's the best thing about blowjob	A moment of silence...
What do you call a line of iron cats	A Feline...
What is the hardest part about playing soccer	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What does a pizza boy and a gynecologist in have common	They can smell it, but they can't eat it.
What the difference between a Mexican and a bench	The bench can support a family my first post here, a friend told me this joke.
Whats long and black and hard to cut into	The line at KFC
What do you call a gay club in the 70's	Phallic! at the Disco
What's the best part about fucking 28 year olds	There's 20 of em'
What do you call a god who lacks self-confidence	An atheist. He doesn't really believe in himself.
What do you name a dog with no legs	It doesn't really matter, he isn't going to Heel anytime soon.
What do you call a Mexican who has just lost his car	Carlos
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What do you call an unborn child that is excessively ready to accept failure	A defetus
What does Air bnb stand for	Bring no blacks
What do you do to a blind, deaf, dumb girl after raping her	You break her fingers so she can't tell anyone.
What's the normal amount of hair to mail someone	I feel like this is a lot of hair I'm mailing to someone
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot!
What happens when you drop a decimal point in water	it floats.
What do you call a happy cowboy	A jolly rancher! Hahahahahahahahah you guys have no idea how alone I am.
What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar	I pity the stool!
What do you do when you are done with the vegetables	You put them back in the wheelchair
What does a prostitute have in common with Sting	They both stop sucking when The Police are around.
What do you call a chihuahua with a rainbow colored fur	Chihuehue
What is a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think it'd be R, but really his heart will always belong to the C.
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland	I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a woman with one leg	Eileen
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies	Disney Movies still touch kids
What does DNA stand for	The National Dyslexic Association
What's the difference between 9/11 and Tianjin	I'm only 75% sure Jews did Tianjin
What is the biggest difference between Tiger Woods and Santa	Santa stops at three Ho's
What was it called when the dragon from The Hobbit was thrown out a window	The Defenestration of Smaug.
What religion do mosquitoes follow	Muslim, because they go to a mosque...ito. ^Sorry.
What do we call that one small worm that won't shut up	A chatterpillar
What's the difference between a catholic and and a catoholic	One is devoted to following to rules laid down by those who consider their will that of the divine. The other is a type of christian.
What do you call people who hang out with musicians	Drummers
What do you call an explanation of an Asian cooking show	A wok-through.
What did the dog say to the man	Nothing stupid, dogs don't talk.
What do children in north korea study for a science	Kimistry
What do you call a fat Taylor Swift	Taylor not so Swift
What is Pinocchio's favourite kind of sex	No strings attached.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall	Dam
What makes a barbershop quartet sound so amazing	They're on the cutting edge of musical innovation.
What's imaginary that my girlfriend and I afraid to forget	My girlfriend
What do you do in the bathroom if you are trying to waste time	Stall
What do you call two lepers in a spar	Soup
What do you call a sick Pokemon	Pikachoo
what car do people drive in Norway when it floods	the fjord escape
What do you get for the women who has everything	A divorce, then she'll only have half of everything.
What do you call fish that taste two times as salty	2Na
What do you call an Irish threesome	Dublin up.
What do you call a bull that masturbates	Beef Jerky.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea	I won't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What do you call a bee from US	USB
What do you do when you want to golf in a thunderstorm	Hold up a 1 Iron. Not even God can hit a 1 iron.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Andrew Jackson	One goes from black to white, the other goes from white to black.
Whats the difference between a boner and lamborghini	Right now, I don't have a Lamborghini ;)
What's big, yellow, and can't swim	A school bus full of children.
What was said the boiled waters funeral	You will be mist.
what did 0 say to the 8	nice belt
What do you call a hooker at Christmas	A frostitute
What do you call a stampede that runs in circles	NASCOW
What does a neckbeard say when make him laugh	You made m'laugh.
What do you call a gay guy in a coma	A tomato.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre.!
Q: What does an attorney wear to work	A: A law suit.
What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary	Get married on his birthday.
What are the man with no shoes say when he was forced to walk on broken glass	Fuck
What gets very small when exposed to cold	**YOUR PE**..anut butter ice cream crave
Whats the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on in my mouth
What should you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle	Wipe it off.
What do you call Batman when he leaves church early	Christian Bale
What's Whitney Houston's favorite coordination	Hand eyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee......
What did the police officer want from the criminal store	Just ice.
What do you do when a Chemistry teacher dies	Barium
What did the Hungarian say to the annoying kid	You're nothing budapest!
What do you call a bicycle made just for grandpas	A popsicle!
What does a pirate's beard feel like	Corsair. (works better in a pirate accent)
What has four legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table.
What comes in pairs	seeds
What do you call bread from heaven	100% holy grain
What's the difference between a wedding and a funeral	One less drunk.
What do you call a Mexican midget prostitute	Cunts-way-low!
What did the blind and deaf kid get for Christmas	? Cancer.
What happens if you pee on Putin's head	Urine big trouble...
What is the fiercest animal in the savanna	The *itseems*. Because the lion is not as fierce as it seems...
What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator	My Bologna had a first name.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back
What do you call a Gay Dinosaur	A Megasaurus
What's worse than a male chauvinistic pig	A woman that won't do what she's told.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What did Frankenstein's monster say when he was struck by lightning	Thanks I needed that.
What do you call a black astronaut	An astronaut you fuckin racist
What do you call a theatrical performance about puns	A play on words
What do cats and people that submit jokes with the punchline ""PLAGIARISM"" have in common	THEY BOTH LICK THEIR PAWS!
What do you call the sweat between two rednecks having sex	Relative humidity!
What do you call a girl on the grill	Patty
What happens if Mike Tyson carries around Mjolnir all day	He gets thor arms!
What is most popular hearthstone deck in Germany	Patron Warrior because Everyone Get in Here
What's the difference between spinach and sodomy	None really. You can add as much butter as you want, kids just won't enjoy them.
What do you call tiny batman	Lil Wayne
What does Batman like in his drinks	Just ice
What do you call a paedophile with no legs	A creepy crawly!
What do you call a grunge gardener	Hedgy.
What did Lord Nelson say to his shipmates before they got on the ship	Get on the ship
What do all dogs get with their phones	Collar ID
What did the man say to the priest at the beach	Do you mind getting out of my son.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	A Pokemon.
What do you call a whale that isn't wearing any underwear	Free Willy
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat	Banned from the petting zoo.
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts!
Q: What did the head trauma patients do when the price of medicine went up	A: They went on stroke.
What did the teacher say after spending thousands in the expensive hotel	I'm sorry to leave now that I've almost bought the place.
What do you call Islamic death metal	Allahu Rockbar.
What do you call a hacker who can see the future	A 4chan teller.
What's Serena Williams' favorite time of day	Ten-ish.
What do princess diana and pink floyd have in common	Their last greatest hit was the wall.
What is it called when buckets of paint conspire with each other	A colour scheme.
What did the grape say after the elephant stepped on him	Nothing, he just let out a little whine.
What kind of TV show do felines watch	Catoons
What do actuaries do to liven up their office party	Invite an accountant.
What do people do in Greece	Slip and slide around.
What do a dildo and tofu have in common	They are both meat substitutes.
What do bears get at raves	Mauly.
Q: What do you say to the banjo player in the  three piece suit	A: Will the defendant please rise.
What do you call batman when he skips church	christian bale
What is worse than bad grammar	pour grammar
What is the slowest ship	A snail boat.
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons	Jose and Hose B
What do you call someone who smokes two doobies at once	Double jointed. What do you call someone who can smoke three at once? Dead. Don't do drugs.
What kind of computer can't sing	A Dell
What do you call a bitchy oak	A country
What do frogs drink	Hot croako !
What is a horse's favourite sport	Stable tennis!
What's the hardest part about nailing a baby to a tree	My penis.
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple	.... the holocaust
What is a pedophile music teacher's favorite chord	A minor.
What does Pingu say when he feels suicidal	Noose Noose
What is a shoe made out of a Banana called	a slipper! I've been telling this corny ass joke around campus and everyone seems to like it haha.
What do you call two gay Irishmen	Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald
What do you call a computerized rock band	ASCII/DSCII
What do you get when you cross a feminist with a non-feminist	Triggernometry
What do you do if a purple elephant and a multicolored horse are following you	get off the merry-go-round! :)
What did the gay man say at the bar	Hey, can I push in your stool?
What happens when you put 50 different grey ions together	Bondage.
What are a philosopher's favorite type of chips	Plato Nachos
What's an alcoholic's favorite book	Tequila mocking bird
What did Hitler smoke	The Jews.
What do you call an intelligent blonde	A Labrador.
What do you call a rifle that has been fired recently	A shotgun
What's the difference between toilet paper and shower curtains	If you answered ""I don't know."" I would like to tell you that I spent all day cleaning that mess up.
What part of the body never wins	Dafeat
What type of weather has the worst attitude	Darude - Sandstorm
What do you call a partying Hansen's disease patient	A social leper.
What did the mailman say when his Mail truck caught fire	That he needed to address the situation
What shouldn't you do at a funeral	The corpse.
What Would The Rocks Boyfriend Be Called	Fruity Pebble..
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A Megasaurass
What comes out my ass and smells like shit	The jokes on this subreddit
What the difference between Reddit and other sites	On some of them you actually have a voat
What do you call an underwater dog	A sub woofer!
What sound does an octopus make	A squid word.
What do you call a violent Buddhist	A Zero.
What do you call an ethiopian with a yeast infection	Quarter pounder with cheese
What do you call 2 crackers arguing	White noise.
What did Anakin say to Padme right before they had sex	Let's see those Naboobies.
What do you call a rapsit that gets raped	JUSTICE
What is Trump's favorite movie	Octopussy
What is the difference between Elon musk and Tony Stark	Stark industries has actually turned a profit
What came first the car or the wheel	The car because a wheel isn't cary fast but a car is wheely fast.
What is Donald Trump's favourite Olympics event	Fencing.
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke	Your momma can't take a joke.
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut you racist bastard
What do you get if you put four economists in a white room and ask them what colour the walls are	Four different answers
What do black people drive	house prices down
What dog wears a white coat and does science  experiments	Labs!
What's the best part about having sex with a gilf	You can finger her and grab her titties with one hand at the same time. ;)
What do you call it when water is poured over a clock	Time dilution.
What is the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What's Black on top and White bottom	rape
What did the left eye say to the right eye	Just between you and me, something smells down there.
What's the most popular game at a nursing home	Guess who
What do you call a bunch of chickens playing  hide-and-seek	Fowl play !
What is the main material used in the manufacture of TIE fighters	TIE tanium
what's better than roses on your piano	tulips on your organ.
What's the difference between a seal and a sealion	An extra electron
what did the locomotive conductor crave once he became a zombie	traaaiins...
What are some benefits to living in Switzerland	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a rich male redhead	A Gingerbread Man. I'll just close the door behind me...
What do you call a foot doctor, curled up in a ball on the floor	A pedal physician in the fetal position.
What does an epileptic vegetarian eat	Seizure salad
What is the captain of the starship enterprise's favorite drink	Picardi and coke
What do necrophiliacs get when they wake up on the day of a funeral	Mourning Wood
What does Dracula say when you tell him a new  fact	Well fangcy that!
What's 50 Cents name in Zimbabwe	400 Million Dollars
What is a snakes favourite opera	Wriggletto !
What do you call the delivery boy at an Indian restaurant	Curry-er.
What do you call a parrot that flew away	A polygon!
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe	Fur traders
What does a carpet salesman give his wife for Valentine's Day	Rugs and kisses!
What do Steam users and Reddit admins have in common	They don't want to pay for mods.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they are both stuck up cunts.
What do cows say on Halloween	Still moo.
What do computer programmers and aged-care nurses have in common	They both worry about the position of colons.
What came first the chicken or the egg	The rooster.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet	Supplies!, I'm gay.
What do you call an envious ocean	A jealou'sea'
What do you call Muslims on a Plane	PASSENGERS!
What do you get when you combine mayonnaise and bologne	Bolognese sauce
What's in common with jam and cream	I can jam and cream my dick up your ass.
What did the cowboy say upon entering the German dealership	Audi
What is a rifle with three barrels	A trifle.
What Kind of Motorcycles do Lesbians ride	Chowasaki. - Pat H.
What is a Skywalker's preferred temperature	Lukewarm. I'll show myself out.
Whats black and always in the back of a cop car	A seatbelt.
What dog can tell the time	A watch dog !
What's the difference between the NBA and a pint of Guinness	Nothing. They're both mostly black, with a little bit of white at the top.
What do you call a snail on a sail boat	A snailor
What's the difference between a woman and a computer	You can actually punch information into a computer.
What's lil Wayne's favorite pizza	Lil seizure
What do you call a gay Eskimo	I dunno, but he's the only one in my tribe...
What animal gets applauded	The mosquito.
What does a man with a 10 inch dick have for breakfast	Well, this morning I had bacon, eggs, juice...
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic	Someone who's up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotapuss
What do you call Mexican stoners	Baked beans
What do you call a German guy wearing basketball shoes	Herr Jordan
Whats the differance between a terrorist and a yiddish mama	You can negotiate with terrorists
What's the best side to eat from a chicken	The inside.
What do you call a black kid riding a bike	???? A thief....
What did the leper say to the prostitute after their session	Keep the tip.
What is the coldest dish at a Mexican restaurant	a b-r-r-r-r-ito
What's the most positive thing in Harlem	HIV.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotapus.
What do you call an English teacher five feet tall covered from head to toe in boils and totally bald	Sir!
What do bees who are allergic to honey get	Hives.
What's the difference between a musician and a 14-inch pizza	A 14-inch pizza can feed a family of four
What is pink and has seven dents in it	Snow White's virginity.
What birds are found in Portugal	Portu-geese !
What did the hurricane say to Hillary	I didn't know disasters can run for office
What is black and starts with ""nig""	Nighttime, you racist bastard.
What do you get from a frozen zombie	Frost bite. ;D
Q: What did the leprotic john say to the hooker	A: Keep the tip.
What two planets should we keep clean	Earth and Uranus.
What do you call a couple having sex in a moving car	Burning rubber
What's the difference between driving a Volvo and putting your hand down the front of Donald Trumps trousers	You feel a bigger dick driving a Volvo
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	The taste.
What do you call a dead magician	Abra Cadaver.
What did Orville say when Keith Harris died	Nothing.
What's worse than getting a penis drawn on your face	Knowing it was traced
What do you get if you cross Doc Brown and Jay-Z	1.21 JiggaWhats
What do nazis use to mass produce toys	A vinyl solution.
What happens when there are two Islamic terrorist identical brothers and one is way taller than the other	The Twin Towers.
Q: What do you call a fruit that stays up very late to study for tests	A: A cramberry.
What did the second guesser with no self esteem say to Reddit	edit: nevermind...
Q: What did the candle say when he was down on his luck	A: I'm at wick's end.
What are the other letters of the alphabet	Nazis.
What did soviet russians use for lighting before they started using candles	Electricity.
What do you call a sophisticated American	Canadian
What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off	Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	Sorry, I was just laid by a hot chick....it's going to take me a while to get hard again.
What's the worst animal to play cards with	A cheetah. Because it'll rip your fucking face off.
What did the fly say to the second man on the moon	Buzz.....
What do Pink Floyd, Dale Earnhardt, and Donald Trump have in common	The wall.
What do you call a deer with a missing eye	I have no fucking eye deer.
What do you call a blonde, who dyed her hair black	Artificial intelligence
What do MLK, Elvis, and the Houston Oilers have in common	They all died in Tennessee
What's an sjw's favorite subject	Triggerednometry
What is Santa's favourite metal band	Sleigh-er
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit	Ba-Na-Na-Na
What's the difference between a lazy overeater and a flirtatious emo	One is Sloth the Gluttonous the other is Goth the Sluttiness. Yep made that up on the way home today... Sorry.
What do Vegans, ISIS and Feminists have in common	None of them like pork.
What do you call a radioactive Angler	Nuclear fishin'
What's the difference between Tim cook and a dead body	Tim cook gets to come out of the closet.
What store does Governor Ratcliffe go to buy his video games	IT'S BABBAGES, BABBAGES
What's the difference between a feminist and a battery	Batteries have a positive side! inspired by: http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2zlrot/how_many_feminists_does_it_take_to_change_a/
What's the difference between Texas and stupid	Nothing.
What do you call a fragile camera	A glass Canon.
What do you get if you take a really big dog out  for a walk	A Great Dane out !
What happens to a drunk vampire	They get a fangover.
What did the snail say when put on top of a turtle	Weeeeeeeeeeee
Whats the difference between a kangaroo and a kangaroot	One's a marsupial, the other's a Geordie stuck in a lift
What do you call a duck traveling south that enters a time warp and meets itself traveling north	A pair of ducks.
What is another name for sunscreen	SOLution
What do a baby and an Etch A Sketch have in common	If you don't like it, you just shake it and start over.
What do you call the killing of Chinese baby girls	Youth-in-Asia
What has one ""n"", two ""g""s, an ""i"", ""e"", and an ""r"" and you can only say this word when you belong to this group	ginger
What's small red and goes up and down	A tomato in an elevator.
What has holes in it, and travels down an alley	Batman: my parents?? Riddler: no its a bowling ball! I-im so sorry!
What does a nosy pepper do	He get jalepeno business.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice	Her: What? You: It breaks the ice. Hi, i'm (your name)
What's gray and can't fly	A parking lot.
What is the most frequent word in the comment section	This.
What did the pig say when the wolf grabbed her tail	That's the end of me!
What sexual position makes the ugliest babies	Ask your mom
What do gay Polish men like most up their arse	Poles.
What's Shakespeare's favorite video game	Sonnet the hedgehog
What did ELO say once they found out their stripper was a hermaphrodite	You've got a strange vag-dick.
What does a nosy pepper do	Gets jalapeno business.
What's the difference between a tease, a love, and a lust	Spit, swallow, gargle.
What do you call a root beer in a square glass	Beer
What's the one thing spiderman can't eat	Uncle bens rice
What kind of car did the German cowboy purchase	Audi *tips hat*
What bank do birds open accounts with	The one with the most branches!
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy	A dry martinez.
What does a chef and a gravitational wave astronomer have in common	They both work in gastronomy
What do you have when you have 1000 whites skydiving	Oil
What is the difference between a Southern Zoo and a Northern Zoo	A Southern Zoo has a description of the animal on the cage along with a recipe.
What's the best part about showering with a 7 year old girl	You slick their hair back and you've got a 7 year old boy.
What's the difference between a manly female and a feminine male	A dick, you moron.
What's the fastest way to go from 300 pounds to 140	Convert to kilograms.
What is the difference between a epileptic corn husker and a prostitute with diarrhea	The epileptic corn husker shucks between fits.
What do you call it when Kony drinks too much	Cognac
What is the most popular soda in candy land	Lolli-pop
What do you call a greedy ant	An anteater !
What's the difference between Luke Skywalker and a black man	Luke Skywalker eventually finds out who his father is.
What is it called when you eat Cinnamon Toast Crunch at noon	Cinnamon Toast Brunch
What do you call it when thieves in a metal boat steal your fool's gold	Iron Pirate
Q: what do you call an orange Jew	A: Ivanka trump
What do you call a police officer who has just finished masturbating	Pulled pork!
What's the difference between Paris Hilton and a farmer	A farmer shucks between fits.
What has four hairy legs and fucks my sister	Me and my dad.
What kind of insect gets triggered on tumblr	A butthurtfly
What do holiday parties and after school clubs have in common	They both feature Chess nuts!
What's the best part of eating a burrito	Every time you fart, you lose weight.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Fish !
What do you call a black man in space	An Astronaut you racist!
What kind of currency do they use in space	http://i.imgur.com/vfZp1nP.jpg
What baked treat shares its name with a gynaecological apparatus	Flapjacks.
What did the fish say when it swam into a concrete wall	Dam.
What website do southerns use to research their family tree	Incestry.com
What is hillybillys fantasy	! S&amp;M . . . . .. Sister and Mother.
What's your blud type bob	Typo
What do you call a horse getting carried away with a magic marker	A zebra.
What do you call two midgets giving each other oral sex	34.5ing
What do you call your saggy old midwife	Me doula oblongota
What happens if Donald Trump pulls out of the election	He will be Donald Duck
Whats the difference	Whats the difference between mash potatoes and pea soup?... Anyone can mash potatoes...
What do you call a sad strawberry	A blueberry
What do the English and Welsh have in common	Kids are their definition of a good time.
What do you call a Magician's dog	A Labracadabrador.
What's the difference between a cranky two-year-old and a duckling	One is a whiny toddler, and the other is a tiny waddler! ^^^... ^^^I ^^^know, ^^^I ^^^know, ^^^/r/dadjokes ^^^is ^^^thataway
What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach	Oh no Michelle !
What's the best way to catch a unique rabbit	Unique up on him
What do you call a midget fortune teller, who is wanted by the law	A Small Medium at Large
What is the difference between a camera and a sock	One holds photos The other holds five
What did the bed say to the sleepy man	I want you inside me
What did Santa Claus say when Mrs. Claus asked him for the weather	It's rain, dear!
What do cops do at a buffet	They pig out.
What do blondes and turtles have in common	When they're on their backs, they're screwed.
What's the difference between a paddling pool and a toddler	The pool doesn't scream when you go in dry.
What would reunite the Beatles	2 more bullets
What do JFK, John Lennon and Donald Trump have in common	Nothing. But a man can dream.
What did the man with a 10inch dick have for breakfast	I didn't think you would know, but I had steak and eggs.
What kind of goat did Houdini have	A scapegoat.
What is the difference between a paycheck and a cock	You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck!
What do you call a group of squids	a *squad*
What did Leonardo DaVinci call his house	The DaVinci Abode
Whats the Difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt	Bolt can finish a race
What 20th century composer would make the best bartender	Philip Glass. (fill up glass)
What the corniest part of a corn field	The corner.
What is a castrated male's favorite operating system	Unix.
What squeaks as it solves crimes	Miami mice !
What's the difference between a jeep and a rental car	A rental car can go anywhere
What do you call deer with no eyes	No idea. What do you call deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
What kind of nuts go on your feet	*Sigh*... Cashews.
What is Santa Claus' favorite metal band	Sleigher
What do you call the Knight who started the Round Table	Sir Cumference!
What do you call a cat who takes a shortcut in a race	A Cheetah.
What's a feminist's favorite math class	Triggernometry.
What do you call a mexican prostitute	Nach-ho
What did one bird say to the other bird	toucan play at this game.
What do you call a half gay man	A semicolon.
What did Pippin Took do when he was drunk	He began to feel Merry.
What are the advantages to living in Switzerland	Their flag is a big plus.
Q: What did the Irish farmer say to his cow when it climbed onto the roof of his barn	A: Get off.
What has nine arms and sucks	Your mom on Def Leppard's tour bus.
What kind of car does George W. Bush drive	Porsche 9-11
What kind of money do religious businesses make	Prophet.
What college did the eyeball go to	ICU.
What does a jello shot and my dick have in common	They're both only meant to be consumed by dumb drunk chicks.
Q: What is the clumsiest bee	A: A bumbling bee.
What is the definition of a 'double standard'	If a girl sleeps with a ton of guys she is a slut, but if a guy does it, he is a homosexual.
What did the eye say to the other eye	Something smells between us.
What do you call a smart Blonde	A Golden Retriever
What does a cannibal drink for breakfast	A cup of Joe.
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits for a boy to be 14 before it comes on his face
what did the tampon say to the other tampon as they passed each other in the street	NSFW nothing. they were both stuck up cunts!
What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller	Curses! Foil again!
What finally killed Captain Hook	Jock Itch!
What's black and fills out welfare forms	? A pen, you jerk.
What happens when 2 meets 3 at Times Square	36
What kind of beef are you most likely to catch masturbating	Stroganoff
What do you tell a women with a black eye	Nothing, you already told her once.
What signal tells you that a politician is lying	The lips are moving
What is Eminem made of	He is made of Mathers
What is the only thing on earth that goes ""ha ha"" on a Monday	A bit late, but.... A blonde who heard a joke on Friday.
What did the boy with no arms or legs get for christmas	I don't know, he hasn't opened his presents yet.
What kind of tree do chickens come from	None of them you stupid fuck. Chickens come from other chickens, trees from other trees, and the 'try' part of 'poultry' isn't even spelled the same.
What do you call a father who was kidnapped in Iraq	A Baghdad.
What's the difference between a penis and a testicle	(sfw) There's a vas deferens between them.
What is a twip	A twip is what a wabbit takes when he wides a twain.
What do you get when you breed a rabbit with an elephant	A dead rabbit with a beat-up asshole.
What's worse than finding hair in your food	Finding out the chef is bald.
What did Einstein's dad say when he published his theory of relativity	Damn, son. It's about time!
What body of water is used for writing	The Apostrosea.
What does a sheepdog say when he sees something shady going down	Let's get the flock out of here
What's Fermat's favorite topic in Mathematics aside from his theorem	Fermatation.
What are the four words that you least want to hear, after having blown Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What's the difference between Prince and a White Dwarf	Nothing, they're both dead stars.
What's the difference between a bunch of sly pygmies and a girl's track team	The sly pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts ..... (it'll come to you )
What do you do when a timeline dies	Barry it.
What do you call 10 degree water	Ice.
What do you call a christian crawdad	A Prayfish.
What's the most annoying thing in the internet	People who comment ""repost"" on a Joke subreddit.
What do you call Bruce Lee's mom when she's making obvious statements	A parent, Lee.
What's a Mexican's favorite assignment	Ese's(Essays)
What do hippies say when you tell them to get off your couch	Namaste
What do you do when you stumble upon a one-armed Polish man stuck in a tree	You wave!
What's a Liberal Arts Major's Favorite Board Game	...... Trivial Pursuit.
What's the importance of capitalization	You can either help your Uncle Jack off a horse or you can help your uncle jack off a horse
What do you call a body in a morgue which hasn't been viewed by anyone yet	Remains to be seen.
What does an Alabama prostitute give her family	A discount!
What's Jared Fogles favourite Vietnamese cocktail	Sum yung gai
What's better than roses on your piano	- tulips on your organ.
what do you call the most famous canadian hacking group	anonymoose.
What's the difference between the US Election and sex	In sex it's fun to choose between a cunt and an asshole.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	About tennish
what do you call a clan of barbarians you cant see	invisigoths
What did the muslim woman say to her new fiance	Jihad me at hello.
What do you call an extroverted snail	A slug
What do you get when you mix a hippo, an elephant and a rhino	Hell-if-I-know!
What's an undertaker's favorite element	Barium!
What do you call a sad watermelon	melancholy
What do you get when you push a piano out of the second floor window of an elementary school	A flat minor.
What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor	Make me one with everything. - Danny DeVito from Inside the Actor's Studio
What is the worst part about being a black jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What has two legs and is bleeding all over the fucking rug	Half a dog
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can't hear an enzyme. Courtesy of u/AVeryHappyCamper
What happens to superficial people when they die	They end up in a shallow grave.
What does Vin Diesel call ""pin the tail on the donkey""	Fasten the furry ass.
What is the difference between an egg and a redditor	Eggs get laid at least once.
What goes clip-clop clip-clop bang!	An Amish drive-by shooting.
What is up with these reposts	It must be heredditory.
What is the difference between picking your nose.... ...and fucking someone up the ass	When picking your nose, you hope something **will** be stuck to the end after you pull out!
What did they call the Mexican cleaning robot	Aye CaRoomba
What do you call that useless skin around the penis	A man....
What's the difference between a feminist studies major and a bench	A bench can support a family.
What do you call it when the robot from Futurama gets in a minor car accident while wearing a dress	A gender bender Bender fender bender.
What person strives to ensure safety for horses	Ralph Neighder!
What do you call a sick eagle	Illegal.
What supplement did Stallone take during the Rocky films	Ginkgo Balboa
Whats the best part about sex with a pregnant woman	You get a blowjob from the fetus.
What do gay jazz musicians play	The ballsax.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe you idiot! Breathe!
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn	A Moles Royce.
What was Hitler's least favorite sauce	Jus
What do you get when you cross a horse with a pig	Sarah Jessica Porker
What causes dimples	Its how many times your dad poked you in the face when he was fucking your mom when she was pregnant with you
What do midwesterners call Minnesota	Minnepop.
What do you call making jokes of a chicken on fire	Roasting a chicken.
What do anemic people drink	Pale ale
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are sold for a couple of dollars, and deer nuts can be found under a buck.
What animals do you bring to bed	Your calves.
What do all murderer's have in common	they all have killer personalities
What do you call a boyscout in WWII-era Germany	A knotzi.
What happened to the two mad vampires	They both went a little batty.
What do you call a bunch of gay slaves	Fruits of labor.
What does an accountant call a friend's birthday party	(x-post from /r/tax) A present liability!
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak	February 14th.
What is the most common blood type among pessimists	B Negative.
What is a chicken's favorite composer	Bach!
What's one thing a woman can never say no to	Rape.
What do you call a lawsuit against a zombie	Deceased and desist
What's everyone's problem with euthanasia	I like little asian kids
What happened after the eyeliner and mascara got in a fight	They had make-up sex.
What's the difference between my computer and Paul Walker	I don't give a shit about Paul Walker crashing.
What do you get if you cross an Egyptian  mummy with a car mechanic	Toot and Car Man.
What's worst than a dead baby in a trash can	A dead baby in three trash cans.
What kind of sex toys do terrorists prefer	Blow up dolls.
What gas is best dressed at a dinner party	Formaldehyde
What did the pints say upon landing on Planet Metric	Take us to your liter.
What do you call a scam artist who is walking down the stairs	Condescending
What did Trump get for Christmas	Stage IV rectal carcinoma with a recto-vesicular fistula so he farts out his penis...hopefully.
What's the difference between a bomb vest and a feminist	A bomb vest does something when it's triggered.
What elements make up life	Lithium and Iron
What do you call three Trumpies	Drei rot.
What's the difference between your mom and my computer	I can still turn your mom on.
What do you call a man with his hand up a horse's ass	An Amish mechanic.
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball	Q: What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball? Ans: A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
What is the difference between Martin Luther King Day and St. Patrick's Day	St. Patrick's day everybody wants to be Irish.
What do sex and air have in common	They're no big deal unless you aren't getting any.
What's Bernie Sanders favorite Christmas Carols	deck the halls with boughs of free cash
What type structural support do you make out of phone books	A call-em
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Usain Bolt	Usain Bolt can actually finish a race.
What do you call a black man camping	Criminal intent
What do you call an underwater restaurant that serves cured meats to sharks	A Sharc-eatery
What do Michael Jackson and Santa have in common	They both leave little boys rooms with lighter sacks.
What did Groot say when he had amnesia	Am I Groot? (Credit to my 7year old son)
What do you call a miniature pension	Warhammer 401k
What do you call a gay Eskimo	A snowblower.
What do you call a black pilot	A pilot, you racist!
[begin metajoke] What did the drunk Chinese customer say to the bartender	No have to cut me off. Fall off barstool by myself. [end metajoke]
What's the difference between a group of pigmies and a lesbian track team	One of them is a bunch of cunning runts
What's a necrophiliac's favorite band	Coldplay.
What did the vampire call his false teeth	A new fangled device.
What is 12 inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night	Sudden infant death syndrome.
What do you call a gorilla that's a member of a terrorist organization	Boko Harambe
What do you call a weatherman's evil twin	A doppler-ganger
What's the difference between a lead guitarist and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family of four
What do the Egyptians call a man who cannot keep his opinions to himself	IMHOtep
what do you call a Black man with a small dick	By his name you racist fuck!
What do you call chow mein cooked in tomato sauce	impasta
What is the best ""bang for your buck""	Vaseline.
What are the advanteges of a long distance relationship	All four people are happy.
What does a sick billionaire say	I feel like a million bucks
What's the difference between a jew and... ...Do you know what's the difference between a jew and a boy scaut	A boy scout comes back from a camp.
What do you call a short Mexican	A paragraph, because they're too short to be an es'e
What did the radioactive sample say to the other radioactive sample	IDK.
What will santa bring your fish this  christmas	A scale letrix!
What did the buddhist say to the hotdog vender	Make me one with everything
What do you call a dog with no hind legs	Dragon balls!
What's the hardest part about walking through a field of dead babies	My erection.
What do you call cake that isn't yours	Stollen
What did the Leper say to the hooker	Keep the tip.
What is a mathematician's favorite food	A slice of Pi.
What did Obama mean when he called for ""change""	Come Help A Nigger Get Elected
What football position did the forever alone play	Left Out
Whats the difference between a Pizza and Jew	A pizza doesn't scream in the oven
What did the Cryptologist have for breakfast	Hash with alot of Salt
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to pigs	A hamosexual.
What do you call a chicken looking at a bowl of lettuce	Chicken sees a salad
What is the best way to find out if someone is ticklish	Use your test tickles
What does a terrorist and a soccer player have in common	Mossack Fonseca.
What does a 90 year old's pussy taste like	Depends.
What do you call a sleeping police officer	An undercover cop.
What did man create that inevitably destroyed man itself	Reddit
What did the frog say when he walked into the bar	*Bonjour.*
What did the Frenchman yell on the roller coaster	Yes!
What do you guys think of this quote I came up with	Good artists copy, great artists steal.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	Jelly is made with the juice of the fruit.
What does Light Yagami drink at the bar	Tekira!
What do you call Turkish President, Recep Erdogan, after the military coup	Erdogone
what's the difference between an elephant and a sicilian grandmother	the black dress
What does a duck like to have for breakfast	Quacker Oats
What do you call a long line at a cookout	A barbequeue.
What is the difference between Black men and white men	Black men can't fuck ""Alexis Texas
What's a teenage fish's favorite website	Prawn Hub
What's a ginger's favorite drink	Ginger ale!
What did the math major say to himself when he discovered that he was no longer a sapling	Gee, I'm a tree.
What's the best way to organize your cakes, muffins, and hamburger buns	Alphabreadically!
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish	One's a bottom-dwelling, muck-sucker and the other is a fish.
What do black guys have that's longer than most white men's and gets even bigger when they touch a woman	Their criminal record.
What's the fastest way to become a general in the Rebel Alliance	Leia Princess!
What did one pancake say to the others as it was tossed off the griddle into the air	See you on the flip side.
What type of doctor did Batman visit after Bane broke his back	A Chiroptopracter.
What is it called when Albert Einstein masturbates	A stroke of genius.
What do you do if you see a space man	Park in it man.
What did the balding thief say in the wig store	Toupee or not toupee
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	The pizza can have ham and cheese together.
What's the difference between a dog and your best friend	The dog doesn't fuck your wife and walk the house in your robe
what did my sperm get for easter	an egg hunt!
What is the difference between a beautiful dress and a bottle of Whisky	A beautiful dress can make one girl look gorgeous... A bottle of whiskey can make all girls look gorgeous.
What did the Mexican firefighter call his son	? Jose
What do you call a very smart glass of lemonade that is gay	A homo-genius mixture
What do you call a computer that sings	A-Dell.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks.
What does the NFL season and the national anthem have in common	Kaepernick is gonna sit through them both.
What does a Stripper do with her asshole before she goes to work	She drops him off at band practice.
What's a thimble	By definithion, thomething that represenths or thtands for thomething elth. Thymbolithm, y'know.
What is the last step in manufacturing Tickle-Me-Elmo's before packaging and shipping to stores	Give it two test-tickles.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks!
What do a homeless woman and an American football player have in common	They both take their pads off after four periods
What do you call a bull masturbating	Beef stroganoff
What do you call an insane nocturnal blood-sucking parasite	A lunartick.
What has 4 wheels and flies	A garbage truck! Ha ha!
What is heavy forwards but not backwards	A ton.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean
What language do pirates speak	Arrrrrrabic! A friend and I were extremely high and he thought of this.Good times.
What comes after 69	Mouthwash. I'm sure this has been posted before, but I thought it was funny.
whats the most popular drink at a nude beach	Sunny D
Whats the fastest way to a women's heart	A Knife
What were people doing during the last ice age	Chillin.
What do you call an alien starship that drips water	A crying saucer.
What did the cow do when the farmer was about to hit him	He mooved
What's Jesus's porn name	Hot cross buns.
What do you get when you intersect two planes	A national travesty.
What's the difference between a McDonald's and anal	McDonald's makes your day, anal makes your hole weak.
What does a vegan zombie eat	GGGRRRAAAIIINNNSSS!!!
What's the difference between a smart midget... What's the difference between a smart midget and a woman with a venereal disease	Well, one's a cunning runt...
What happened when Hitler lost his glasses	He could Nazi.
What do you call an Asian woman with a leg shorter than the other	Irene
What is the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents that you are gay.
What did OJ say to Nicole just before he killed her	*Your waiter will be with you in a moment, ma'am*. (was reading an OJ post in another sub and remembered this one.)
What was the most pivotal point in Jesus' ministry	When he turned the tables on the Temple vendors!
What do the films 'Titanic' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common	Icy dead people.
What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra	The bull has the horns in front and the asshole in the back.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped.
What's ten inches long and white	Not a damn thing! I thought it was time we had some racist jokes towards someone who isn't black for once ;D
What's the ultimate rejection	When you masturbate and your hand falls asleep.
What do you call Dracula when he goes swimming	Aqua-Vlad
[Dark] What is black on the bottom and white on top	Society.
What is a nitrate	It is much cheaper than a day rate.
What did the Dalai Llama play on stage at Glastonbury	Yakmanninov
What does the Alt-Right drink	White whine.
What did William Shakespeare say regarding atomic orbitals	2p or not 2p, that is the question.
What did the zoo employee say to the big cat	Why you always lion?
What do you call a Jewish stoner with Downs Syndrome	A twice baked potato
What does your mom and Pac-man have in common	She eats balls all day. WOKA WOKA WOKA WOKA!!!!!
What do you get when you cross a lesbian with a hippopotamus	A lickalottapuss.
What do you call 12 guys with big dicks	A hung jury
What's long and black	The unemployed line.
What do white people and fences have in common	They both get jumped by Mexicans.
What is a vampire's favorite sport	Batminton.
What did the horse say when he fell over	Help! I've fallen and I can't giddy up.
What did the salad wearing a tuxedo say	I feel a bit overdressed.
What's the difference between a Scottish guy and Mick Jagger	One says ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud!"" The other says ""Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!
What's the difference between Reddit and 4chan	One is a group of immature internet trolls....and the other thinks it isn't.
What do you say to piss off a british farmer	You're a peon.
What do you call a Norse god after a workout	Thor
What did the soldering iron say to the capacitor	Go flux yourself!
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce	Make a seizure salad
What connects the computers in Sauron's office	A Tolkien Ring network.
What song did the gay guy sing on his way back from vacation in Thailand	Goodbye yellow dick road
What side of the American flag are the stars on	Both sides. Came from my FIL on this Memorial Day.
What do you call a Middle Eastern moving company	Pack-it-stan
what do you call a feminist who loves to swallow	a semenist
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down your moms throat!
What do you call a French vacation	A retreat.
What does the ""LL"" in LL Cool J stand for	Lickin Lips
What do bees eat	Hum-burgers
What's long and hard on a black guy	First grade.
What did the caterpillar say to the cocoon after he broke out	Moth.
What do you call a French guy wearing sandals	Felipe Flop!
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts	beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck
What's the best thing about dating a homeless woman	... When ur done, u can drop her off anywhere.
What does Donald Trump call his penis	Little Marco
What to hear something funny	Original Content
What's the most beautiful thing in Advanced Physics	A passing grade. :)
What do you call an Irishman who slept out on the lawn all night	Patty-O`Furniture
What was the name of the film about a  killer lion that swam underwater	'Claws.'
What concert can you see for 45 cents	50 cent, featuring Nickleback.
What's Brown and Sticky	A stick!
What's E.T. Stand for	Extra testicle
What does a drama student do while stuck in math class	She Cos(plays)
What is the difference between San Francisco and Larkspur	Larkspur has a ferry terminal, San Francisco has terminal fairies.
What do you get when you cash in your memes for karma	A dank statement.
What did the jack say to the car	Can I give you a lift?
What did Helen Keller say when she fell off the cliff	Nothing, she had her mittens on.
What's the fastest thing in Bulgaria	Light
What do you get if you cross a giant hairy monster with a penguin	I don't know but it's a very tightfitting tuxedo.
What is the microbe's favorite country singer	(Original) Amoeba Mcentire
What is a proper greeting when you're introduced to Christina Hendricks	Nice to meet you both.
What is the best thing about having sex with twenty-five year olds	There's twenty of them.
What did the Orthopedist Comedian Magician say to his patient	For my next trick, i'll tickle your funny bone
Whats red, white, and hangs from a telephone pole	A dead baby shot out of a snowblower.
What grazes in the Higgs Field	The Higgs Bison!
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees	The ""head"" nurse.
What's the resemblence between politics and sex	It can be in whatever position they choose, but regardless there's still just gonna be a dick going in there, and you're still getting fucked.
What's a moo hoo for a stuffed steer	A full bull!
What is black and doesn't work	Decaffeinated coffee.
What type of animal browses Reddit	Karma-vore
What did the bacon say to the sandwich	This club can't even handle me right now
what type of music does a balloon hate	Pop music
What's blue and doesn't weigh much	Light blue
What do Russians call their sexual partners	Cumrades
What do you call a deep-sea diving dog	Scuba - Doo!
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never had a lentil on my face
What did the cell say to his sister when she stepped on his foot	Ow, mitosis!
what's wrong with pi	He is irrational and goes on and on - says the wife of pi
What do you say to a broken Xbox One	Nothing, you already said it twice.
What is red, slimy and crawls up your leg	An abortion with home sickness.
What does a mathematicion find in a forest	A natural log.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus	I dunno, but you should see that son of a bitch hang dry wall.
What do bullets and I have in common	We don't miss Harambe.
What is a chemist's favorite brand of shoes	Vans of der Waals
What do you call a pair of crows	An attempted murder.
What do the Russians use to film their war with Isis	Daeshcams
What does Michael Jackson and j.c. penny have in common	Little boys pants half off.
What is ISIS's favorite type of text	Is the answer: A: Heading B: Heading C: Heading
What do you call the small amount of time between when you slip on a peel and when you hit the pavement	A bananosecond
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on ahead. I'll give these two a lift.
What does the DJ do when he spills acid	He drops the base!
What do you call a mouse named Bob who's having an existential crisis	Bob.
What's the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman can go in a store without Robin
What was so special about Bounty's new line of paper towels	nothing they were tearable.
what do you call a Canadian alien	ehh lmao
What does Tim Cook do when he's home alone at night	Jack off
What's the worst thing about suicide bombers	They're not organ donors.
What do you call a display of Australian patriotism	Stockholm Syndrome.
What do you call a gay geologist	Fagate.
What's the word that starts with an ""N"" that no one wants to call a black person	Neighbor
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	a carrot...
What does a parrot named Larry talk about	Vocabulary
What do you call a camera mounted on a ISIS-truck	a daeshcam
What's the best was to piss off an archaeologist	Hand him a used tampon and ask him which period it's from.
What kind of cigarettes do California kids smoke	Yours.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A meowtin
What is a drug addicts favorite snack	Crack-ers
What does the L in Samuel L Jackson stand for	Motherfucker
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's finger
What's the difference between and epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery	One shucks between fits and the other, well...
What did the limestone say to the geologist	Don't take me for granite!
What is a grave digger's favorite element on the periodic table	Barium
What do you get when you mix laxatives with holy water	A religious movement.
What do you call a woman-hating masseuse	A massage-onist.
What's a pirates favorite letter	If you said ""arrr"" you'd be wrong. It be the sea
What did daddy fish do when mommy fish got herself lost	...He flounder
Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is heavy, the other is a little lighter. Saw this online, laughed a bit too much.
What did Glenn say to Maggie at the baseball game	I'll keep an eye out for you!
What comes between fear and sex	Funf
What's the similarity between eating a girl out and talking to the mafia	A slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What do you call a conversation at a proctologist meeting	Butt-Talks
What do you call a vegan who cheats on their diet with human flesh	A humanitarian
What, I'm Asian	*slides off Uggs & infinity scarf inside Starbucks* *buys a bonsai tree*
What's the speed limit for sex	Sixty-eight. At 69 you have to turn around.
What do you call a murder committed by a gay person	*homo*cide ;)
What food greatly diminishes a women's sex drive	Wedding cake
What's the difference between being horny and being hungry	Where you put the cucumber
What happened when the husband tried to deep fry his wife	She went to the battered women's shelter
What do you call your friend from Prague who beat you at chess	Your Czech mate
What happens to you at Christmas	Yule be happy !
What is brown and sticky	A stick.
What do you call a dedicated but untalented gymnast	A working stiff
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, but he has a 12 inch cock	Partially handicapped.
What did the accountant with constipation do	He worked is out with a pencil.
What do you get when you drop a Piano on an army base	A flat major.
What's the worst part of locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic	Having to go inside and ask for a coat hanger.
What is the opposite of a misogynist	That little pussy, Brian. Always talking about his feeling and shit like a little bitch. Fucking grow a pair, dude.
What do you get if you cross a vampire and a circus entertainer	Something that goes straight for the juggler !
What do you call a below average sized dog	A sub woofer Yeah, I know I'm barking up the wrong sub reddit.
What's the worst thing a girl can hear when she's giving Willie Nelson a blowjob	I'm not Willie Nelson...
What do you call a dead baby floating in the middle of the ocean	Bait.
What do you call 4 dicks tied together	An erectangle.
What's the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period	Getting your palms red at the same time.
What would have happened if asians had committed the attacks of 9/11	10/11 with rice, thanks for your suggestion
Whats the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	John Wayne stopped killing Indians
What's the difference between someone who doesn't use their turn signal and Hitler	You know Hitler will turn Reich.
What do you call the area where a horse lives	The NEIGHHHHHHborhood
What did one boob say to the other	You're my breast friend. Budum tits.
What's the difference between a refreshing beverage and an angry dragon	One hits the spot...
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Roll them into a tire and call it a Goodyear.
What does a Jew do at a coffee shop	Hebrew's coffee
What does wearing Crocs and getting your dick sucked by a dude I have in common	They both feel really good but when you look down you know you're gay.
What do you call ice cream that robs a bank	Heist cream Got to give credit to my friend, who sadly dosent have reddit.
What can't I find on the internet	My keys
What do you call an angry German	A sour kraut
What's an octopuses favourite latin saying	Squid pro quo!
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now	Probably clawing at the inside of his coffin.
What do you call cows with 2 legs	Lean beef. bonus: What do you call cows with no legs? Ground beef.
What is a modern name for a store that specializes in the sale of pornography	A junk shop.
What is the difference between your wife and your job	After ten years your job still sucks
What do you call a Jewish rapper	A rappi.
What do you call a former member of ISIS	WASWAS
What is a British person's favorite cereal	Cheerios. say it in a British accent
What's worse that biting into an apple and finding a worm	Getting raped by a giant scorpion.
What do you call a musician's erection	A tromboner.
What did the left butt cheek say to the right	If we stick together we can stop this shit.
What does a scientologist and an almond have in common	They are both nuts.
What's a bounty hunter's favorite cheese	Fetta
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland	I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Q: What do you call kinky sex with chocolate	A: S&M&M.
What did Tennessee	...the same thing Arkansas
What do Trump supporters and child molesters have in common	They both like immature assholes.
What happened to Jesus when he tried to play defense on a professional Basketball player	He got crossed.
What do you call a an Egyptian crocodile who swears they live in Florida	In da-Nile
What is the easiest way to weigh your head	Ask assistance from ISIS.
What do you call a Syrian sex toy	A blowup doll
What's a Henway	Oh, you know. About 5 pounds. I'll show myself the door now.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass
What's the difference between a Jew and a truck	The truck doesn't scream when you pump gas into it.
What did they call the documentary about Lorena Bobbit	American Snipper
What did the computer say to the pirate	Want to date hot Russians!
What was Hitler favorite TV show	The Amazing Race
What does Eckhart Tolle get for Christmas	Presence
What food guide does a Chicagoan need in Japan	A Ramen Manual.
What do you call a religious man with low pH	An acidic Jew.
What do wives and shingles have in common	if you don't nail them right, they'll end up at your neighbor's.
What kind of horse has trouble keeping track of  his Macintosh	An Appaloosa!
What is an out of date joke you still remember	One from the 90's: What do you call a little burro? A Burrito. What do you call a little taco? A Taquito What do you call a little judge? A Judge Ito
Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I haven't paid $500 to have a garbanzo bean in my face.
What is a prostitutes business motto	The customer always comes first.
What does an electrician say when he's confused	Watt?!
What is a ducks favourite drug	quack
What happens in BSDM when you fuck the wrong person	Oops, wrong sub.
What's your dad getting for Christmas	Bald and fat.
[Racist Joke] What does a black men and the Terminator have in common	One says ""Hasta la vista baby!!"" and the other one says ""Hasta la vista son
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney	An offer you can't understand.
What's big, white and goes down on you in the middle of the night	An Airbus A320.
What do Asgardians use to keep food hot	A Thormos.
What's the difference between a violin and a viola	A viola burns longer.
What starts with e, ends with e, and has one letter in it	An envelope.
What do women in the Middle East and Millennials have in common	If they go to college, they'll probably get stoned.
What's awkward for a man but a normal part of the job for a lumberjack	Morning wood.
What is a terrorist favorite Pokemon move	Self-Destruct
What's the best fantasy book	A bible
What's the difference between a bucket of sand and a bucket of afterbirth	You can't gargle with the sand.
What do you the balcony seats at the theater	The Wilkes Booth.
What does the grim reaper and a pedophile have in common	They both take people before their time.
What did tarzan say when he saw a herd of elephants in the distance	Look, a herd of elephants in the distance!
what do a sex in a canoe and American beer have in common	they are both fucking close to water
What do you call an Ethiopian squatting to take a shit	A bragging son of of a bitch.
What material do african blacksmiths use the most	Steel.
What do you call a guy with no body and no nose	Nobody knows
What do you call smutty pictures of birds	Pornithography.
What's green and has wheels	The grass. I lied about the wheels.
What do you call a prostitute with cum on her face	A Taxi, Her jobs done.
What's the difference between a poor marksman and a constipated owl	One shoots and shoots but can't hit, and the other...
What sound does an Italian American microwave make	Bada bing!
What does a horny frog say	Rubbit. Stole this from a friend.
What is the Sun's favorite type of music	Sol.
What do you call a guy who hangs out with musicians	Kanye
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose	Full. Credit afroman for this one
What's the difference between half a dozen dicks and the truth	You can't handle the truth.
What did cinderella do when she got to the ball	choked
What do you call someone who puts a picture of themselves in a locket	Independent
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo	A Hippo is heavy and a Zippo is a little lighter.
What did Mario say when he found out he got drunk and had sex with a green mushroom	Well, I fucked that one up.
What did Syd Barrett leave in his mother's bathroom	A saucerful of secretions
What does an egg do for fun	Kari - YOKE - ee *Ha Ha Ha*
What's the difference between a feminist and an illegal immigrant	The illegal immigrant knows how to cook.
What do you call a bunch of Lesbians in a closet	A liquor cabinet.
What do you call a religious cow in the Middle East	A Moooooslim!!
whats the difference between Congress and a condom	You can only fit one dick in a condom.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile	Get in the Batmobile.
What's the difference between a rooster and your mom	A rooster says, ""cockadoodledoo"". Your mom says, ""anycockwilldoo"".
What's Jared's favorite ingredient for his Subway sandwiches	Extra virgin oil
What is the difference between a Peeping Tom and a burglar	A burglar snatches watches.
What do you call a fake Irish diamond	A shamrock.
What is the needless meat to a vagina	The woman!
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder w cheese ;^]
What does eighty year old pussy taste like	Depends.
What's best about a sixteen year old girl	Her fourteen year old best friend.
What did Darth Vader say to the vegetarian stormtrooper	I find your lack of steak disturbing.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop...	Dr Dre
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never paid to have lentil on me.
What do you call a mexican midget	a paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	Dad.
What do you call it when you keep wiping but brown still shows	The Trail of Smears
What kind of a fish does your Parrot sit on	A Perch!
What is the hardest part about eating vegetables	The wheelchair.
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WA-TA!
What's green and smells like Ms. Piggy	The Boston Celtics
What does bungee jumping and hookers have in common	Both of them cost $100 and if the rubber breaks, you're screwed!
What do you call a gay Chocobo	A kweer.
What is 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Donald Trump 's tie
What's brown and sticky	My poster of Beyonce.
What did the lecherous Sufi say to the burkini fatso	Ouagadougou
What would you get if you crossed a dinosaur  with a pig	Jurassic pork!
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
What do you call a Mexican baptism	Bean dip!
What's the difference between 6 inches and 12 inches	6 inches makes you day but 12 inches can make your hole weak.
What do Islamic McDonalds employees wear	A cheeseburka
what happens when you die	I've seen much scientific and spiritual literature researching and explaining what happens when people die. I've found that generally, they get put in the ground.
What is the cause of an increase in sexual desire in young men	Whore-moans
What did the female Supreme Court Marshall say when I visited her	[Oyez! Oyez! Oyez!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oyez)
What kind of ears do trains have	Engineers (engine ears).
What is the only thing more permanent than a Sharpie marker	A STD.
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney	Claustrophobia!
What do we call of spill of the world's most abundant resource	A sunny day.
What do calenders eat	Nothing. Calenders are inanimate objects that are used to keep track of the date and important events.
What do you call a strongheaded female rapper, and a flatulent Spanish woman	One's a Queen Latifah, and one's a Queef Latina.
What do you call a Roman fighter with curly hair in his teeth	Gladiator. (Glad he ate her)
what did the depressed monkey say when his tail went through the lawnmower	It won't be long now...
what is a ghosts favorite lunch meat	Boo-loney :D
What do Bill Cosby and Santa Claus have in common	They both come while you're sleeping
What does earth say to the other planets	You have no life
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A CARROT
Whats a mans favorite word that starts with 'm' and ends in 'arriage'	A miscarriage! This joke never gets old, just like the baby!
What is the collective noun for a group of depressives	A melancolony
What is the origin of black jewish people	The oven.
What do they call a meeting among the most  brilliant people in Burger Land	A MEATing of the minds!
What's 18 inches, stiff and makes girls cry all night	Cot death
What does R. Kelly tell little girls on Halloween	Urine for a treat!
What's a feminist's favorite rapper	Feminem
What is Newton's fifth law of motion	If you run around a tree at the speed of light you can literally fuck yourself.
What does a Boko Haram terrorist become after getting his throat slit	Boko Halal.
What do you call alcohol in a birdbath	Tequila Mockingbird!
What do pirates call fat whores	LAND HO!
What's black and hard	Cast iron.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus	I don't know, but it sure can pick strawberries.
What did the Illuminati say when they tried to read someone's mind, but failed to do so	Curses, foiled again!
What happened after Hitler dyed his hair blonde	He became a Super Aryian.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde	You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
What's the difference between George Michael and Carrie Fisher	Two days.
What do a gynecologist and a pizza boy have in common	They both can smell it, but they can't eat it
What is the opposite of progress	[](/colgatereally)Congress.
What's the most awkward U.S state	O....Hi!.....o.....
What do you call a joke about oral sex	Pun-ilingus.
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite drink	White Russian, Straight
What's the difference between a Bull Dyke and a Bull Elephant	...about 100lbs and a flannel shirt
What kind of grass do cows like most	It's a moot point!
What do you call a fake noodle	...*dramatic pause*... An imPASTA!
What is a Minnesotan's favorite state to vacation in	It's Alaska, don'Juneau.
What do you call a group of 8 hobbits	a hobbyte Cortana told me that joke
Whats the difference between a woman and a plate	You can lick a plate dry
What did the elephant say to the famous  detective	It's ele-mentary my dear Sherlock !
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman naked	The Dark Knight Rises.
What do you do with a sick boat	Take it to the dock.
What do you call a sudden fart	An institute.
What do you call a dog with no legs and brass balls	Sparky
What's the difference between you and a calendar	A calendar has dates...
What did the diligent whore get for Christmas	lots and lots of karma
What's black and white and red all over	Michael Jackson falling down the stairs.
What do you call a belt made of clocks	A waist of time
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Donald Trump	Bill fucked fewer people in the Oval Office.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the Batmobile.
What did one banana say to another banana	I find you a-peeling
What do you call 100 blondes standing ear  to ear	A wind tunnel!
What is the rudest part of the body	The privates. They're either dicks or cunts.
What type of grapes to Indians like	Gangrapes Edit: do*
What did socialists use before candles	Light bulbs.
What do you call a truck with only five Mexican passengers	Under capacity
What is the difference between Harry potter and jews	Harry potter made it out if the chamber
What's the best time of the day	6:30... *hands down*
what you call a Chinese man with a camera	Phil ming
What is Hannibal Lecter's favorite Jane Austen quote	**""There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.""**
What's the difference between an Elephant and a post box	Well, if you don't know I'm definitely not asking you to mail this letter for me.
What do boxes breathe	Boxygen
What are all sports in Africa called	The hunger games
What do you get when you cross a donkey and an onion	A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye.
Q: What do the Republicans have that Bill  Clinton wishes he had	A: A mandate to govern.
What soft drink do pigs like best	Root beer.
What do making love in a canoe and Budweiser have in common	Both are fucking close to water.
What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a supermodel	Nothing if her husband knows what's good for him!
What is a Mafia enforcer's favorite game	Whack-A-Mole
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	You wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on your face.
What vegetables do plumbers hate the most	Leeks
What is a pirate's favourite letter	He doesn't have one. He's illiterate.
What's the difference between a man's balls and Jehovah's Witnesses	There's none. They both knock on the door, but never goes in!
What's 18 inches long, and makes a woman scream the entire night	Her dead baby.
What language are you speaking	Cause it sounds like bullshit.
Q: What's red and really bad for your teeth	A: A brick.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick down your girlfriend's throat.
What is Italian-American foreplay	Hey! Wake up and roll over!
What do you get if you cross a phone with a mouthwash	Tele-Scope.
What do music producers eat for breakfast	Fruity Loops
What do you call an Italian suppository	Innuendo.
What is the difference between a blind man and a sailor in prison	One can't see to go the other can't go to sea.
What do you call a group of white people sitting on the bench	A basketball team.
What's the difference between snow men and snow women	Snow balls
What is it called when a reptile loses its tail	Ereptile Dysfunction
What is a pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken chest and no booty.
What did the spanish soccer announcer invest in	**GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD**
What do you call a frozen Communist	A hammer and pop-sickle
What's a pirates favorite letter	You would think it's the r.... But it's really the c
What do you call a Jewish person who is suicidal	A Yamikaze.
What do you call a bad circumcision	A rip off. (Da da tshhh)
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers	One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
What do you call a bad joke about prostitutes	Whorrible.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours	Nacho Cheese!! (someone date me please)
what's big, black and looks good on a lawyer's neck	a doberman
What breed will Donald Trumps dog be if he wins the election	A Border Collie
What do you call a group of Idiots	Congress
What's a frog's preferred fastener	Rivet.
What do they sing at a snowman's birthday party	Freeze a jolly good fellow
What kind of street does a ghost like best	A dead end.
What did the pea say to the peanut	At least you got one nut, I don't see what you're crying about.
What do you call an Irishman who sits on the porch all year round	Patty O'Furnature
What do you call a police officer standing on dog poop	On duty
What do you call 5 cats sitting on top of each other	A caterpillar
What did the power ranger-turned-addict say	It's morphine time!
What do you call a canine that lives at the beach	A hot dog.
What do you call an anthropomorphic car that's attracted to itself	Autosexual.
What did the farmer say to Pat Sajak	I'd like to buy an owl
What did the photographer say when he retired	I can't take it anymore!
What do thesauruses eat for breakfast	Synonym rolls.
What`s the definition of eternity	The time between when you come and when she leaves.
What do you have to use to check a test on Telemarketing	A Scamtron.
What did the terrorist say when he woke up	It was Allah dream.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on	Nothing, it just gave a little wine
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What is green sooty and whistles when it rubs its back legs together	Chimney Cricket !
What do slinkies and the handicapped have in common	They are the most fun when pushed down a flight of stairs.
What do you call someone who masturbates a lot	A nutcracker.
What do you say to a fig on ice	Fig u're skating
What do you call a pig with three eyes	Piiig
What do you call space herpes	Star Warts.
What do you call a snake that informs the police	A grass snake !
What do wolves say when you yell barba streisand in the forest	uuuuuUuuuUUUUuuuuuuuUuUUUuuuuuuuuuU
What was the Neo Nazi's favorite computer game	Mein Kraft
What did the doctor call his new metal band	Inflamed
What did the tv get for Christmas	Replaced
What do you call the science of knives	Cutting edge technology.
What happens to lawyers after they die	They lie still.
What time does Wimbledon start	Tennish
what do you call a boring burrito	aburrido
What happens when a sweatshop gets busted	The entire outfit is compromised.
What's the gift that keeps on giving	AIDS
What do two people with Parkinson's disease do when they meet for the first time	They shake hands.
What does Idk stand for	Everyone I ask says they dont know
What porn does a rooster watch	Hentai
What do fish in Jamaica smoke	Sea-Weed. I'll show myself the door.
What's the difference between a BMW and a hedgehog	On a hedgehog the pricks are on the outside.
What does /r/funny and /r/jokes have in common	I laugh at neither of them.
What's the difference between Naruto and Bleach	No one ever told me to drink Naruto
What does Vincent say when he's annoyed at someone	Fuck Gogh
What did the banana say to the vibrator	I don't know why you're shaking...she's gonna EAT me!
What did one tampon say to the other	? ...... Nothing! They're both stuckup cunts !
What do you get when you cross a brown cow with a brown chicken	--brown-chicken-brown-cow--"" (said like: 'bowm-chicka-bowm-wawm')
What do you call an Eskimo who's a peeping tom	Itookalook
What's better than winning the Paralympic gold medal	Not being in the Paralympics
what do you call the act of masturbation before you sleep	the stroke of midnight.
What's the difference between a nazi and a gay guy	45 degrees of the wrist
What do you call a cheap hooker	A bang for your buck.
What did Davey Crocket say at the Alamo	Where'd all the roofers come from?
What does a perverted frog say	Rubbit
What did one friend say to another on a flight that made him get escorted off of it	(WARNING: PUNNY AS HELL) ""Hi Jack! These airplanes are da bomb!"" how did i do? thought of it a couple days ago.
What type of meat are your calves made of	Bologna.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef, but no one can pee soup.
What is a terrorist his favourite car	A Citroen C4
What's a cokeheads favorite TV show	Whose Line is it Anyway
What do you say to a girl with a black eye	Nothing. You already told her.
What did the moon say to the window	Fuck off
What do you call a potato shaped like a penis	A dictator.
What did the quadruple amputee say when he couldn't solve the riddle	I'm stumped.
What do you call a bear that can't win	A Chicago Bear
Whats 6'2"" and doesnt work	My moms van, its been sitting on blocks all summer you racist bastard.
What do you get by cross-breeding a jehovahs witness and an atheist	Someone who pointlessly knocks on the door.
What do you call a dog wearing a watch	You would call it a dog. A dog wearing a watch is not a watchdog.
What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed	Nothing.
What's the difference between an airport shop and a golf course covered in bacon	One's a duty free, the others a Jew free tee.
What do you call a Canadian pimp	Jose (hoes eh?)
What do you call a white guy who grew up in the ghetto	Tarzan.
What do you call a frightened nun	A nervous habit
What's white and kills you if it enters your eye	An airplane.
What's the funny thing about child pornography	The absence of cast and credits at the end. Doug Stanhope
What do you call an orgy with five black people	A threeway
What is the deal with airplane food	Seriously, I'm trying to feed this thing and I don't know what airplanes eat.
What do you call the operation a woman gets to become a man	Addadicktome
What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke	The execution.
What do you call two Mexican men playing basketball	Juan on Juan.
What has 75 balls and screws old ladies	Bingo!
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car	Carlos.
What's a dog's favorite chip	Ruffles :)
What car does Boba Fett drive	A ManDeLorean.
What do you call a smoothie that came out too thick	A chunky. Credit to my dad this morning..
What's the worst thing about alcoholics	They wine too much.
what if it doesnt want to be called hot sauce	??? what if it wants to be called beautiful sauce
What do you call a melon with overbearing parents	cantaloupe ;)
What do you call a Phillipino contortions	A manilla folder
What's Ja Rule's favorite type of bread	Challah!
What do you call a fuzzy philosopher	BEARistotle I'm so sorry
What's a snake's favourite food	Hiss Cakes !
what do you call a french kebab	a body bag.
What is a Pokemon's favorite kind of nut	A Pi-cashew
What is your best wordplay joke	My personal favourite: Two peanuts walked into a bar, one was assaulted.
What's a lesbian's favorite game	rock-paper-scissor
What's the worst part about being a black Jew	you have to sit at the back of the gas chamber.
What did the VW spokeswoman say after the EPA tester discovered the emissions discrepancy	Nothing, she was embarrassed.
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexics Association.
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	? Attire
What does Trumps Hair and a Thong have in common..	They both barely cover the asshole.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wiped his butt!
What did Noah do with all the poop	Threw it overboard. it formed the UK. Taken from here: http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/240xyy/brilliant_neil_degrasse_tyson_quote/ch2kcxl
What did the lawyers say when they finished their basketball game	Court is adjourned
What did the Mexican say when the house fell on him	Ayyyy watch it homes!
What do you do in a master bathroom	Masterbathe.
What did the little girl's parents want for Christmas	A better son.
What's big, huge and hairy	A Goliath bird eating tarantula.
What is Bear Grylls' favourite vegetable	Leek.
What do you call a 2x4 that lost its family to a fire	mourning wood
What do you call a potato that's high	[A baked potato.](http://www.spudstravels.com/Travel%20Archive/Caribbean/Jamaica_images/Cannabis%20-%20close.jpg)
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter	Quack! Quack! Quack!
what do homosexuals and peanut butter have in common	They both dont come in boxes
What are pupils at ghost schools called	Ghoulboys and ghoulgirls.
What do Jews and Snorlax have in common	They always lie
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your ass
What do guns and millennials have in common	You need to keep them in a safe space if you don't want them triggered.
What did capital 'O' say to capital 'Q'	Hey, put that thing back in your trousers!
Q: What's small red and goes up and down	A: A tomato in an elevator.
What did the older terrorist say to the younger terrorist before he headed out for a party	Go on, have a blast.
What do you call 69-ing in China	Tu Can Chu
What do Godzilla and shrimp have in common	They both crustaceans
What sounds like a robot and bumps into tables	Stephen Hawking.
Q: What do you get when you cross a crooked lawyer with a crooked politician	A: Chelsea.
What's black and doesn't work	Half of London
What did the necrophile say when his girlfriend told him to be more romantic	You're dead to me.
What do you call a cannibal that only eats Marxists	. . . a proletarian.
What will ISIS be called once it is destroyed	WasWas
what should i do for my 30th birthday	?? I'm only 23 but it pays to b prepared
What do you call two lesbians in a cupboard	A liquor cabinet.
What do you call a Sandwich with legs	Bready Legs
What's the difference between a hockey player and my exgirlfriend	A hockey player will shower after 3 periods.
What the plate say to the other plate	Dinners on me
What's Jared's favorite side dish	Megan slaw
What is the most faithful insect	A flea once they find someone they like they stick to them !
What goes ""snap crackle and pop""	A firefly with a short circuit !
What happens when you cross the band ""The Knack"" and a bottle of Corona	A song called ""My Corona
What's the difference between Americans and yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years it'll grow a culture
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	One doesn't cry sexism when you fire it.
What's the difference between a fairy tale and a war story	Nothing, except fairy tales start off with ""Once upon a time"", and war stories start off with ""No shit, this really happened"".
What do you do when you see your wife stumbling around in the backyard	Shoot her again.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes? A: No idee-er. (idea) Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? A: Still no idee-er.
What is a 6.9	A good thing ruined by a period...
whats the difference between girl M&amp;M's and boy M&amp;M's	Boy M&amp;M's have nuts.
What do you call an empty jar of Cheez Whiz	Cheez Waz.
What was Helen Keller's favorite color	Velcro.
What's the last thing you want to hear from a surgeon dissecting someone	Oops
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture
What's worse than lime	Sublime.
What does Batman put in his drink	Just ice
What basic skill do herb farmers always struggle with	Thyme management
What do we want	! LOW FLYING AIRPLANES! When do we want them?! NEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!!!!
What did the homophobic sheep say when he saw the two female sheep making out in the field	Oh, ewe
[DARK HUMOUR] What do you call a fat baby	Quite a mouthful.
What do you call a woman with a bicycle on her head	Petal !
What did Saturn tell it's moons when they started getting too far away	Titan up!
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Ferrari	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage
What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks	Your wife can take 3 dicks!
What shoes do roosters wear	Chickenstocks
What's red, bloody and hangs of the back of a train	Miscarriage.
What does a French beaver call her home	(From my 8 year old) Madame
What do you call it when a woman of the church goes on a secret mission	Nun of your business
What is a horses favourite kind of party	A stall ball.
What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub	The woman in church has hope in her soul... The woman In the bathtub has soap in her hole.
What do you call that mean guy who keeps waking you up	A myoclonic jerk.
What do you get when you divide 69 by 2	A lonely man's handjob.
What emotion does a tree feel every spring	Relief
What's a pirates FAVORITE letter	*They ALWAYS say Rrrrr* ""You'd think its Rrrrr but it's the sea they love
What kind of underwear does a math-obsessed mermaid wear	An algae bra.
What do you get when you mix an octopus with a black guy	Idk but it sure as hell can pick cotton
What was the Walrus doing in the Tupperware store	Looking for the tight seal
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence	Utter destruction.
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face.
What do you call a man with a toe on his knee	Tony
What's a redneck's favorite dating website	Ancestry.com
What did the Asian pirate do when he saw a crowd	He fry through it!
What's an incestuous mother's favourite drink	Sonny-D
What do you call a police officer that shoots black people	A police officer in America.
What did the chinese pirate say	Awwlllll!
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support or people are going to think we are nuts.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	You don't tell her anything anymore, you've already explained twice.
What's the difference between a peeping Tom and  someone who's just got out of the bath	One is rude and nosey. The other is nude and rosey!
Whats the difference between an easily offended person and a gun	A gun actually does something when triggered.
What's a moo hoo for grazing school	Grass class!
What famous chiropodist ruled England	William the Corn-cutter!
What do you get when you inject human DNA into a sheep	...banned from the petting zoo...
What do you do with an elephant with three balls	You walk him and pitch to the Rhino. - *One of the many jokes I remember from Hot Shots.*
What do you call an unidentifiable eating disorder	An a-nom-aly
What was the last thing that went through JFK Jr's mind when his plane crashed	The console. What was JFK Jr's wife drinking when the plane crashed? Ocean Spray.
What sort of aircraft does the Asian pilot who loves to greet people fly	A herrocopter
What do you do when someone has an epileptic fit in the bathtub	Throw in the laundry.
What's long, hard, and full of semen	A submarine filled with cum.
What's the difference between your PC and your Penis	Usually its small, used often and you dont let just ANYONE touch it.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs	Matt
What's the difference between my girlfriend and a cow	Cows are real.
What does a midwestern farmer and a rapper have in common	They both want to make it rain.
What country does fried fish swim in	Greece! (courtesy of my ten year old)
What does a nosey pepper do	Gets jalapeno business :D Edit: Sorry, I'm not sorry
What do girls and snowflakes have in common	They can't drive cars.
What is called when a woman gets a sex change	Addadictomy.
What do you call a punk band that knows how to play their instruments	A metal band
What's a pirate's favourite letter	P, without it he's irate.
What's a Chinese fisherman's least favorite part of living in Hollywood	Pilot season
Q: What do you call a girl with only one leg	A: Eileen
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear	White vans
What do cats eat for breakfast	Mice Krispies.
What is the difference between Chelsea and Leo di caprio	Chelsea got Oscar. huehuehuehue.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer	The freezer doesn't fart when you take out the sausage.
What's black and white and red all over	A happy orca.
What do you call an accountant who is seen talking to someone	Popular
What is an orphans favorite beer	Fosters
Q: What's Clinton doing to make Americans happy	A: If you've paid your tax bill and have enough money left to feed your family--you're happy.
What's grosser than gross	When a midget walks past and says your hair smells nice!
Q: What goes VROOM  SCREECHVROOM SCREECHVROOM SCREECH	A: A blonde going through a flashing red light.
What is the definition of ""moon""	The past tense of ""moo""!
What is the digestive system	The digestive system is a system which starts with one hole and ends with one hole
What do you tell someone who is bad at sign language	You have bad hand writing
What's worse than losing one arm	Losing both your arms.
What do you call a flightless bird	Joaquin Phoenix.
What do you call gungan served raw	Tartare Binks...
What does a bee do with his stinger at night	Put it in his honey.
What is every Redditor's blood type	Edit: TypO
What's the perfect name for a salon run by a couple of lesbian nuns	Scissor Sisters *ba-dum-tiss*
What is worse than waking up with your dick in your mouth after sleeping with your gf	Waking up with her dick in your mouth
What's the difference between a midget and black people	A midget is a small problem. Black people are a huge problem.
What is the difference between a dealer and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again!
What's the slowest, most painful way to kill yourself	Get married.
What's the difference between George W. Bush and Hitler	Hitler was an evil *genius*.
What does a neckbeard call a woman he meets at a fast food joint	McLady.
What does the pussy of an 80 year old woman taste like	Depends....
What's the difference between a paycheck and a pen*s	You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
What do you call a fish that eats shit	A bottom feeder.
What did Khloe Kardashian do for a vegetable	Broke up with James Harden
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wipe.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish	Two very unhappy animals.
Q: What did the mermaid do last Saturday night	A: She went out with the tide.
What's the similarity of a dough and a human	If they are thick, they have a hard time to rise
What kind of water do ducks drink	Bottled Waddle.
What is the German word for Constipation	Farfrompoopen.
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs	A condescending con descending (duh dun dun chh)
What's fourteen inches and white	Nothing.
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	A dicktator!
Q: What do space aliens put on their windows	A: Venutian blinds.
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public	A private tutor (tooter) Heard it from a guy on the street selling newspapers in front of the art institute in chicago.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheet.
What is the hardest thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it. I'm going to hell..
What were Jesus' final words	So long and thanks for all the fish."" Edit: Everyone hates me.
What do a dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common	They both have wet noses.
What's worse than locking your keys in you car outside an abortion clinic	Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger
What's the Priest favorite breakfast	Kids.
What did the Jewish pirate say when he heard his wife died	Argh, shiva me timbers
What's the difference between getting the girlfriend pregnant and locking your keys in the car	How pissed your wife gets when you explain the coat hanger.
What's the difference between a 100 year old and a 4 year old	What base you're counting in.
What's Mario's favourite clothing	Denim denim denim
What do you call a fat skeleton	big boned
What does a robot do at the end of a one night stand	He nuts and bolts.
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo	Klondike
What do you call a blond that dyed her hair brown	Artificial Intelligence
What does a beer say when it's cold	Buuuurrrrrr!!!
What are Mario's overalls made out of	*Denim, Denim, Denim*
What's a Cholo's favorite Chinese food dish	Chicken chow meng.
What comes after a great pee	A ""Q"" I made this joke up today. I don't know if it's been thought of before, but I couldn't go to sleep without posting it for the world :)
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say	We're closed  beat it.
What is something all Hispanic people write in college	An ese.
What do Jedi and rapists have in common	They both use ""The Force"".
What's the difference between a happy programmer and a sad programmer	Hello, world"" and ""Goodbye, cruel world
What does a grumpy sheep say at Christmas	...Baaaaaahumbug
What kind of parents are see-through	Transparence!
What do you call 3 agnostics sitting at a bar	I don't know.
Whats the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man	Refrigerators don't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's an avocado's favorite music	Guac N' Roll
What does a man with a 9 inch penis eat for breakfast	Well, Right now I'm frying up some eggs, got some toast in the toaster and the coffees brewing.
What did the father say to the pedophile at the beach	Hey you're in my son
What do more than half the U.S. population consider a gay marriage	Still not recognizable
What is the difference between 69 and an ambush	With 69 you see the cunt coming at you.
What does The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common	Icy dead people
What's the difference between your mom and the Empire State Building	Not everyone's been up the Empire State Building
What's the difference between your wife and your job	Job still sucks after 5 years.
What has 4 wheels and flies	A garbage truck
What do you call a Hebrew that lives in the Alpines	A Mountain Jew.
What is better than Roses on a Piano	Tulips on an Organ.
What did the elephant say when it saw the  Chihuahuas coming down the road	Look out for the mice!
What do you call a person who loved tractors but doesn't any more	An extractor fan
What do you call a frozen hamburger	A ham-brrr-ger. my 7yo claims she made it up herself.
What's the difference between a 4WD and a rental car	A rental car can drive anywhere.
What do you call a short sleeved British shirt	A tea-shirt. Please don't hurt me.
What's the difference between a daydreamer and a pervert	A daydreamer stares out of windows.
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer	Comet.
What did the ISIS fighter say when he went to bomb the Hawaiian cafe	ALOHA SNACKBAR
What do you call memories of old Playstation	Sony-stalgia
What do gamers make for New Years	A New Years RESOLUTION
What's the sound of a water truck hitting a vinegar truck	KAAA DOOOUUCHE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's the difference between a person that just won the lottery and a fairy in salt water	One is tickled pink, the other is a pickled Tink.
What are some good ""hate on America"" jokes from other countries	Try your best to offend me! I want something to make me go fuck, that was good.
What's the difference between pizza and a jew	Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
WHAT is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WAH TAHH!!!!
Q: What mythological monster casts no reflection	A: All of them.
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner	The placement of the dirt bag.
What's the difference between my job and a dead hooker	My job still sucks
What's easier to get, aids or lung cancer	Depends what you smoke. (Not native speaker, sorry if it doesn't make sense)
What's the difference between Broccoli and boogers	Kids don't eat broccoli.
What's the matter	Hydrogen, mostly.
What's a lannister's favorite pop star	Katy Perry, because you're going hear her roar
What kind of birds do you usually find locked up	Jail-birds !
Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What is a cation afraid of	A dogion
What do you call an 8 day long blowjob	Hanukkah Lewinski
What does Harry Potter say when he walks into a bar	I Expectsum Patronum
What the pepper say to the angry chilli	If you don't cool down, I'm going to get jalapeno business
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died	Her asshole.
What's the highest story of any building	Floor 20
What is a female peacock	A peacunt
What's the difference between A circus and a brothel	One has a cunning array of stunts..
What country has the strictest dress code	Thai-land.
What if you had an eye in your asshole	Imagine all the shit you would see...
What is the ghost of an Australians favourite dessert	Boo-meringue
What did Antonin Scalia's pathologist write in his autopsy report	Cause of death: Hippy-energy induced heart attack. Time of death: finally.
What's also red and know if you're naughty or nice	My penis during my girlfriend's period
What do you call the neighborhood where all the poor Italians live	The spaghetto.
What do you call an anorexic person with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What's a Democrat's favorite genre of music	Progressive rock.
What do you call a ghost who had a sex change	TRANSparent
What's black and white and red all over	An assassinated President.
What is Jar Jar Binks' favorite food	Meesa Soup
What kind of shoes do pedophiles like	White Vans
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation	Discrimination.
What did one bag of shit say to the other bag of shit	Ugh, stop standing so colostomy.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur	A dino-snore.
What do Derek Jeter and girls' asses have in common	They're both overrated bags of shit
What kind of shark is always drunk	A hammeredhead
What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun	Lukewarm.
What do you call a baby girl who died of alcohol poisoning	Give me a blender and we'll call her a bloody mary.
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on ahead and I'll give these two a lift.
What did the cheese vendor say to the robber	Hey! That's nacho cheese!
What is Saturn's favorite movie	Lord of the Rings.
What do people and trees have in common	They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.
Whats red and smells like blue paint	Red paint
What do you call a robotic priest	The Sermonator.
What do they do with Tickle-Me-Elmo's before he leaves the factory	Give him a couple of test-tickles.
What do you call it when a therapist falls down for no reason	A Freudian slip.
What does 007 wear on his head	A Bondana.
What type of car insurance does OJ da Juiceman have	Triple Aaayyy
What's the most positive thing about Africa	HIV
What's the difference between an American and a Briton	Britons think 200 miles is a long distance, and American's think 200 years is a long time.
What did the Alabama State sheriff call the black guy who had been shot 15 times	The worst case of suicide he has ever seen.
What do you call an Atheist at a Christian fancy dress party	A cross-dresser.
What do you call a cow with no legs	? Ground Beef
What do you call a pig stuck in a topiary	A hedgehog.
What's brown and sticky	A stick. *I'm sorry I couldn't resist.*
What is a long, tiresome speech delivered by a frothy pie topping	Meringue-harangue
Q: What's a cat's second favorite food	- A: Spa-catti!
What do you call an unfriendly American from the 60's	An anti-socialist
What popular board game do dyslexics hate	Scramble
What do you call Batman when he skips Church	Christian Bale.
What did the vegan give the homeless guy	A lecture.
What's the best thing about sleeping with twenty two year old's	There is twenty of them.
What's your best limerick	There once was a fellow McSweeny Who spilled some gin on his weenie Just to be couth He added vermouth Then slipped his girlfriend a martini
What do you call a lycanthrope you've snuck up on	An unaware wolf.
What's the difference between a truck full of marbles and a truck full of babies	You can't unload a truck full of marbles with a pitchfork.
What do all Yale and Harvard students have in common	They got into Yale.
What idiot named them nostrils instead of scent vents	!
What does a neckbeard tip his fedora to in soviet russia	M'otherland
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood	You can't drink sand.
What do California zombies eat	Graaaiiins.
What did Sonic the Hedgehog say during Ramadan	Gotta go fast!"" ^I'll^see^myself^out...
what do you call a sad tree	Mourning wood
What is Peter Pan's favorite place to eat	Wendy's
Whats the last thing that goes through a fly's brain before it hits my car windshield	Its arse.
What did papa butter say to troublesome son butter	You had *butter* behave now, alright son? I sure know you don't want to get *whipped*!
What do you call the family members of the Force	Force-kin My friend made this up today while talking about Star Wars.
What are a parrot's favourite literary characters	Mr Macawber and Pollyanna!
What did Admiral Ackbar say when he saw someone unfolding a 10'x15' sheet of canvas	IT'S A TARP!!!
What's the only disease a potato can get	tuber-culosis
What was Rudolph's nickname	Names. Because they used to laugh and call him Names. Credit to my dad.
What do you call a fish with three eyes	fiiish. (works when spoken :-/)
What do you call a hippy's wife	Mississippi.
What came first, the chicken or the egg	The rooster
What does a monster do when he loses his head	He calls a head hunter.
What did one wall say to the other wall	Let's meet up in the corner.
What is the name of the guy with no body and no nose	Nobody knows.
What kind of cologne applies itself	Elon Musk
What do neckbeards like to spread on their toast	Marma'lady ^tip
What do frogs say	Times fun when you're having flies
What is an Arkansas virgin	A girl who can run faster than her brothers.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man one bicycle	A tire.
What do you call a trailer park in a tornado	Wind chimes.
What are the 3 rings involved in marriage	1) The engagement ring 2) The wedding ring 3) The suffering
What do you call a sad elk	Lachry-moose
What would Fred Flintstone say if you asked him which city had the Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world	Abu Dhabi Dooooooo!
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken. (Not sure if it's a repost, but I don't think I've seen it posted here.)
What to you call a Russian flea	A Moscow-ito !
What do you call a Russian with three testicles	Whodyounickabollockoff
What's is the difference between ignorance and negligence	I don't know and I don't care.
What's the name of that movie about the war horse	War Biscuit
What do you call a Quadriplegic in the ocean	Bob. *I'm so sorry*
What do you call a Skyrim fan that is good at CSGO	Nova'kiin
What has 9 arms and 10 legs	A Def Leppard.
What do you call a frog that's in the mood	A HORNY TOAD!
What kind of music do rabbits listen to	HIP HOP
What is the plural of manatee	Menatee
What does the average drummer get on an IQ test	Drool.
What cheese is made backwards	Edam.
What is the difference between an oil painting and Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang an oil painting.
What do you call an undulating pig	Swinusoidal.
What is the definition of a Barbarian	It's someone who cuts hair in a library.
What makes men cheat on women	Women!
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken
What do you call a cow that has a record player, tight pants, and thick brimmed glasses	A hip-steer.
What's Lisbeth's twin sister's name who enjoys spending time on the internet	... ...Elizabeth.
What does Monsieur Homer say after spilling water on himself	D'EAU!
What do you get when you mix yoga and scouting	Concentration camps.
What did Donald Trump say to the thieving immigrant at the RNC	Great speech sweetheart!
What Happened when the girl sat on Lance Armstrong's lap	She had a ball
What did the answering machine say to the  telephone	Take my word for it.
What do you call a pall bearer in Oklahoma	A karaoke!
What's blue and fucks grannies	Me in my lucky blue suit.
What do you call someone sexually attracted to plants	A ChloroPhile
What's it called when you backtalk someone so hard they die	A sassination.
What's brown and sticky	The contents of my pants.
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable	Barackoli
What is the only way to stop Donald Trump	A Cruz missile.
What does a dyslexic,agnostic and insomniac spend most of his time doing	Staying up all night thinking if there really is a dog
What do you call Squidward's Protest Group in Mexico	Counter-Esp*i*on*a*ge
What do you call an alien starship that drips  water	A crying saucer !
What did the boy with no hands get for a Christmas present	Gloves.... Just kidding he hasn't got into it yet.
What's in an STD salad	green pees
What happened to the loser of the Frisbee Championship Finals	He threw it.
What do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino	elifino
What do you call a Gay Dictator	A bendy ruler.
What did Drake say to 2Chainz as he was leaving da club	Challah at ya boy!
What does a necrophiliac and an alcoholic have in common	They both like to crack open a cold one.
what would Barack Obama be if he was a vegetable	Baroccoli
What do you call a woman with an opinion	Wrong.
What song do burgers sing on the  job	Gristle While You Work!
What's the difference between Beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are over a dollar; deer nuts are under a buck.
What do a gynecologist and pizza delivery man have in common	They both can smell it, just can't eat it.
What happens when you take the tea away from your guest	He's left there trying to ""guess"" what happened.
What's the real reason Mr. Clean is always smiling	He likes it dirty.
What is Irish and sits on your deck	Patty O'Furniture !
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can smell it, but they can't eat it.
What do Jedi use to open PDF files	Adobe wan Kenobi.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	Arrr Matey!
What do you call a snobbish criminal going downstairs	A condescending con descending.
What happened when the gay guy put a nicoderm patch on his wiener	He cut down to two butts a day
What do you call a Filipino Contortionist	A Manila folder.
What's the difference between a park bench and a black man	(hopefully not a repost) The city supports the bench. Badum-tsss
What was the stressed out toddler diagnosed with	Diapertension
Q: What do you call an 800 pound gorilla	A: Anything he wants to be called.
what is a painfully loud color	YELLOW!!
What do Intel, Google, Uber, eBay, McDonalds, Budweiser, AT&amp;T, Oracle, Disney, Boeing, IBM and Apple have in common	Immigrants
What did the egg say to a pot of boiling water	I'm not ready to get hard yet, I just got laid!
What does one lesbian vampire say to the other	See you next month.
What's an Israeli ghetto called	Palestine.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	BREATHE DAMMIT!!
What do you call a bell which doesn't do it's work	A rebell
what do you call a lazy kangaroo	a pouch potato
What's the difference between a cat and a politician	A cat will lie *on* your face. A politician will lie *to* your face.
What do you call a paralyzed clown with his tongue cut out	BEST MIME EVER!
What do you call people who use the pull out method	Parents
What's worse than a pile of dead babies	A live one that you have to care for and nurture for 18 years.
What's the difference between a fat girl and model	The black guy doesn't give a shit
What's the difference between Davey Crockett and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
What do you call a smiling, sober, courteous person at a bar association convention	The caterer.
What is the scientific name for a crippled tyrannosaurus rex	Tywalkasoreus Rex
What do a telephone and a dog have in common	They both have collar ID.
What's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage	Infanticider.
What did the A/C unit say when it suddenly turned on	Sorry, I just needed to vent
What is a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark	A period, since it ends his sentence.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEP3Jut-crE
What did the exponential equation say to the linear equation	Real graphs have curves.
What do you call a man that brews beer	A Hebrew.
What is the volume of pizza	Pizza of course! If z = radius of the pizza and a = the height then  * radius^2 * height = Pi * z * z * a = Pizza.
What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina	A fridge doesn't fart when you take out the meat.
What a do pizza boy and a gynecologist have in common	They can smell it but they can't eat it.
What do you call a sexist masseuse	A massage-ynist.
Q: What did the female cat say to the male cat	- A: You're the purrfect cat for me!
What do you call a seagull over the bay	A Bagel
What's blue, standing in the kitchen	STFU, I can paint my wife any colour I want!
What are a mathematician's five favourite numbers	0, 1, e, pi.
What's big, green and can kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table
What is Rick Grimes' favorite thing under the sea	CORALL!
Q: What did the atlantic say to the pacific	A: Nothing. It just waved.
What do you call a virgin redneck	An orphan
What's an alcoholic's favorite type of beer	All of them
What happened to the wizard who ran away with the circus	The police made him bring it back again.
What do you say to get the attention of a gold bar	AU
What kinds of jokes do cats play on each other	Purranks.
What did Nicki Minaj, Hitler and a Feminist say when they walked into a bar	Ouch.
What do you get when you cross a fish with an elephant	Swimming trunks!
What's tinier than a teeny weenie ant	An ant's teeny weenie.
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do with most of his time	Stay up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
What do you call a really cheesy thought	A quesaIDEA.
What did you get for your birthday	Another year!
What 6 inches goes to your mouth	Toothbrush...you dirty bastard
What's a great dating app for pedophiles	Tindergarden
What did Adele say when she crossed the road	*sing* Hello from the other side!
What super hero league is Caitlyn Jenner part of	The X-Men
What has 9 arms and sucks	Fed Leapord.
Whats black and white and red all over	A nun in a car accident.
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their roommates	Mom &amp; Dad
What's invisible and smells like bananas	Monkey farts.
Q: What's red and smells like blue paint	A: Red paint.
What do mathematicians read for fun	conics
What did the lazy monk say	Namaste..right here
What state is the highest on every top 50 list	Colorado.
What's the difference between a racist and a liberal	Gullibility
What do the wage gap and the story of Hercules have in common	They're both myths. EDIT: spelling
What do you do if your bank account stops working	Throw the guy out of the house.
What does a goat have when it gives birth	A kid.
What is the capital of Greece	They have no capital.
What animal has bad memory and climbs mountains	A Forgoat.
What is a Canadian's favorite board game	Sorry!
What's does the self reliant alcoholic Rabbi Pedophile do in his spare time	Very little, he brews.
What's the difference between Barbara Walters and Oprah	Oprahs Black
What is the difference between a hooker and an onion	I don't cry when I chop the hooker up.
What's the name for a person that only gives massages to men	A massagonist.
What does a brick and a fat girl have in common	Both will eventually be laid by a Mexican.
What did one egg cell say to the other	I'm not ovary fond of you
What is a pirate's favorite letter	Ya think it be R, but it's da C!
What do you call a guitarist without a girlfriend	Homeless.
What is a duck's favorite drug	Quack.
What was the old man in despair about	Nothing.
what would Arnold Schwarzenegger say if he was a member of Al Qaeda	GET TO THE VIRGINS
What did one TCP packet say to the other TCP packet	0x809ACC0E!
What's the longest game in the world	Two women playing pool.
What do women share in common with a condoms	They spend more time in your wallet than on your cock.
What's today's date	10-4 Good Buddy!
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh What do you call a crocodile with no eyes? A crocodle. What do you call an Indian with no eyes? A blind man you fucking idiot.
What language do eagles program in	[C#](https://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3tp03o/in_canada_we_have_some_nice_falcons/cx8608n)
What do you call it when batman leaves church early	Christian Bale
What did the racist Pillsbury Doughboy say	White Flower
What did the hippie say when he was asked to leave the couch he was sleeping/staying on	Namaste (nah-ima-stay)
What's 10 foot long and stinks of piss	Old folk doing the conga.
What did the unicyclist say to the bicyclist	I'm bi curious.
What did the scientist who was conducting sexual experiments on dogs say to his partner	If you need me, I'll be in the lab.
What do you call two couches that are in love with each other	Homosectionals.
What do you call an online relationship	E-bae... I'll see myself out
What do you call a mexican cyclops	Juan Eye.
What's the difference between a dead baby and my ex-girlfriend	There isn't one...
What do batman and 16 atoms of sodium have in common	Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na
What do you call a girl with braces	A Black &amp; Decker Pecker Wrecker^&amp;#8482;
What does the murderer say after he kills someone with a nail gun	Nailed it.
What's a feminist's least favourite bread	Gender rolls
What's the currency in space	Starbucks
What do you call a group of JD Salingers	A Humble Hindi Bundle.
What do army ants have in common with masturbating dolphins	Both come in waves...
What do male prostitutes and Inspector Closeau have in common	They're both Peter Sellers
what do you call a whale that mates constantly	your girlfreind
What did the Egyptian boy say to the Egyptian girl	Come behind the pyramid, I'll make you a mummy
What do 9 out of 10 people always agree on	Gang rape What do those 9 disagree about? The order
What's the difference between a man biking to a job interview and a clown on a unicycle	Attire.
What did the Triangle say to the Circle	Your life is pointless.
Whats red and smells like blue paint	Red Paint
What type of melon would Romeo and Juliet have been	Cantaloupe.
What does Speedy Gonzalez keep under his carpet	Underlay! Underlay!
What do you call a skinned, animal-throwrug for your vehicle	A carpet.
What do nosy peppers do	They get jalapeno business. :)
What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th	I only have eyes for ewe, dear
What do you get when you cross a duck and a fire work	A firequacker
What did the fat cat go to prison for	Purrrjury
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jewish person	The Boy Scout comes home from camp. ^First ^time ^posting ^on ^this ^sub ^don't ^know ^what's ^too ^offensive ^and ^what's ^not ^sorry.
What's green, fuzzy and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A pool table.
What do you call a group of religious oranges	Jehovah's citruses.
What's the difference between Ant and Dec and lesbian sex	Nothing. They're both just a couple of cunts bouncing off each other.
What do you call a monk who walks everywhere in bare feet, has poor bone density and really bad breath	A super-calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What's the greatest gift you could give to a trashcan	A baby.
What do you get when you mix batteries and water	Watt-er
What is a neckbeard's favorite color	M'genta
What do mermaids wear to math class	An algae-bra!
What kind of meat do priests eat on good Friday	Nun.
What do you call a bee who's had a spell put  on him	He's bee-witched !
What's the difference between purple and pink	Your grip!
What's the difference between frustration and satisfaction	What *the* fuck! and What *a* fuck!
What did the American Army General say after the first opposing casualty in the Mexican-American War	Juan down, a million more to go.
What's long and hard when you first put in in your mouth, but soft and wrinkly when you take it out	A piece of gum, you pervert!
What does watching golf and a giant spinning dildo have in common	They both bore the fuck out of you.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with diarrhoea	One shucks between fits...
What do you get if you cross a mosquito and a mountain climber	No one knows. You can't cross a vector and a scalar.
What jumps up and down in front of a car	Froglights !
What happened to the number 10	It got stuck in 9/11
What's the difference in the KKK and the Supreme Court	The KKK dresses in white and scares the hell out of black people, the Supreme Court dresses in black and scares the hell out of white people.
What did the Frenchman say after 80	Blaze it.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a black man	Someone who steals your job then doesn't show up.
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of an abortion clinic	Going inside to ask for a coat hanger.
Q: What do you get when you combine a recliner with a fruit	A: A chairy.
What do you call bears with no ears	B
What kind of car drives over water	Any kind of car if it goes over a bridge.
What did the cannibal do when he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped
What do priests and zits have in common	They bost bust on 12 year Olds faces
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	Tennish.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car	Get in the car.
What does the baker turned counterfeiter say	I make my own dough"". My sister Katie came up with this one.
What is the difference between Emo teenagers and your lawn	Your lawn won't cut itself.
What's a stoners favorite marker	A Highlighter
What's the shittiest dog race	The poo-dle! I'll be seeing myself out :/
What's got two eyes, but can't see, two wings, but can't fly, and two legs, but can't walk	A dead bird.
What do you call a person who teaches you how to fart	A tutor.
What did the veggies say, as they sat down for supper	Lettuce, pray.
What do Reddit Users and Olive Oil have in common	They're both extra virgin.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite form of coordination	HAAAAANNNNND EEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEYYYYEEE
Q: What do peroxide blonds and black men have in common	A: They both have black roots.
What do you call a barn full of black people	A police shooting range.
What do you feed an invisible cat	Evaporated milk.
What do Gingers and Extinct Dinosaurs have in common	Not enough
What's that diving	Is it a bird, Is it a plane... No it's the British Pound...
What has 75 balls and screws old ladies	Bingo
What makes Stevie wonder	What everything looks like.
What screams, wails, and lights up	A bus-load of babies on fire.
What's the worst part of fucking twenty-seven year olds	There's twenty of them.
What's the difference between Christianity and Judaism	Christians pay for their sins
What's a horse's number one priority when voting	A stable economy...
What is 12 inches long, rock hard and full of semen	The sock under my bed.
What do you call a group of pirates having sex	An *Arrr*-gy...
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot
What do you call a cow that gives no milk	An udder failure.
What's the tallest building in the world	The library, because it has the most stories =D
Whats the difference between a Ritz cracker and a lesbian	Ones a snack cracker and ones a crack snacker!
What does a whore call a bus load of men	Meals on Wheels
What did Jesus say when he made his return	Hey guys! What's goin on? Tweet my return! #JesusReturns
What do you call a helicopter with no radar and no windows	A Helenkelicopter.
What do you call a Jawa's favourite magician	Houdini.
What's a Porn Star's favorite spell	Expecto Erection
What does the sign at a nudist Buddhist beach say	No [Bhikkhunis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhikkhuni) allowed.
what's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle	attire.
What do you call a morbidly obese hippy	Tie Dyeabetes
What is the difference between a Train and an Hamster	The train got windows
What's a 90's kid's favorite salad	Quinoa &amp; Kale
What's black and doesn't work	Half of London.
What does gay rooster say	Sev-sev-seveeeeen.
What do you call a wandering caveman	A meanderthal.
What does a pig use for his skin	Oinkment.
What does a Muslim cowboy shout on his horse	Jee hawd!!!!!!!!!!
What is round, heavy, has 3 holes, and is often found in a gutter	My ex wife.
What's the difference between a drunk driver and a stoned driver	The drunk driver runs the stop sign. The stoned driver waits for it to turn green.
What's the difference between an epileptic corn shucker and a hooker with diarrhea	The epileptic corn shucker shucks between fits.
Q: What do get if you cross a parrot and a crocodile	A: An animal that talks your head off.
What do you call unborn twins	Wombmates.
What's the difference between an English pig and a French pig	A French pig goes, ""Oui! Oui! Oui!"" all the way home.
What does one star say to another star when they meet	Glad to meteor!
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anybody can roast beef, but it takes a special skill to pea soup.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never had garbanzo bean on my face.
What do cows do for fun	They go to the moo-vies!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	'ell if I know.
What kind of sex do you have with twenty seven year olds	Any kind you want, there's twenty of them.
What does a wife and a tornado have in common	They start with a blowjob then they take your house.
What's the first thing a hillbilly says after losing her virginity	Get off me Daddy, you're crushing my cigarettes.
What's the difference between a pedophile and acne	Acne waits for puberty to cum on your face
What does Deadpool need	Someone to merc him shut up.
What did Ozzy Osbourne do after eating a whole Bull	He threw up the horns.
What works better than anti-depressants	A 12 Gauge in the mouth This came to me whilst being all depressed.
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable	....getting her out of the wheelchair.
What do you call it when you make sandwiches at a sleepover	Peanut butter and jammies!
What do you call an incognito deer	An anonymoose
What do you call a flying bus	Bus Lightyear...
What goes in long and hard and comes out soft and wet	A Stick of Gum...
What do you call a bear that will fuck anything	Bi Polar
What's the similarity between designer jeans and cheaply made castles	No ballroom
What did one strawberry say to the other	If you weren't so fresh last night we wouldn't be in this jam.
What does a moped and a fat lady have in common	They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.
What do teenage terrorists drink	Smirnoff ISIS
What's does an angry, anti-feminist Redditor have in common with a newborn baby	The only vagina they've touched is their mothers!
What do you get when you drop a piano in a coal mine	A flat minor. Night... Don't forget to tip your waitress
What is the difference between a broken down bus stop and a crab with breast implants	One is a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What did one cell say to his sister that stepped on his toe	Mitosis
What do you call the secret Eskimo organization that controls the world	The Igloominati.
What is the worst part about being told you have Alzheimer's	It never happens just once.
What town in the continental United States produces the most alligator pears per year	Avo, CA does.
What do we want	-SHITTY MUSIC COMPILATIONS! When do we want them? -NOW! THAT'S WHAT I CALL MUSIC
What language does a Jewish homosexual speak	Heblew
What do you call a fatality that results from friendly fire in a gang war	Homiecide
What does my penis have in common with JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America	They are all too Big To Fail.
What does a penis and a Rubik's Cube have in common	The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
What do you call an attractive ghost butt that is at max poop capacity	Booootyfull
What does a gangbanger have in common with a soda machine	They both don't work and always take your money
What do you call a gay date mixer	A meat-and-greet.
What did the constipated mathematician do	He worked his problems out with a pencil and paper.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wiped his ass.
What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common	They both can be used to carry vegetables....
What type of pussy does a priest get	nun
What weighs more than a car and uses a lot of fuel, but hardly ever moves	Your mom.
What does a nosey pepper do	Gets jalapeno business.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a notebook	A notebook has papers. -I'll see myself out now
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise
What is a Jew's favorite Mexican food	Carne Masada
What do you get when you cross a whistle with a blizzard	Edward Snowed-in
What has 300 legs and 16 boobs	The breast cancer awareness 10K run
What did the egg play in the movie	The egg-stra.
What's the most stupid part about telling a rude joke on Reddit	(Offensive)
What's the difference between a women's argument and a knife	The knife has a point !
What do you call a group of well-endowed, homosexual physicists	Large hardon colliders
What is the only breed of dog a boxer is afraid of	A Doberman puncher!
What's the best way to get your guitar player to turn down the volume	Give him the sheet music.
What did the squirrel say when he fell out of the tree and broke his leg	AAAAAUUUUUUGGGHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer.
What do you call a gay man milking a cow	A Dairy Queen.
What did the stubborn Hindu in Pakistan say after partition	Na-ama-ste
What do you give a sick bird	Tweetment !
What's Whitney Houston's favorite car	Hyuuuuuuundaaaaaiiiieeeiiii
What is a boxer's favorite meal	Break-fist
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with pieces of cardboard	A pillow fight
What's the best thing about a Trmp versus Clinton election	One of them has to lose.
What's E.T short for	Because he's got little legs. But seriously, what does ET stand for? Because he can't sit down.
What do you get when... what do you get when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question	a rhetorical answer
What's the difference between Reese and Tyrese	Reese was born Witherspoon but Tyrese stole his.
What do Iraqi men do that gets them laid on the first date	They give their women awesome Dinar.
What do you call a thin North Korean leader	Skim Jong-Un (guess you could say he eats Skimchi)
What's Tyrion Lannisters's favourite sea food	Shrimp.
What's the most common marriage proposal	You're what!
What do you call a fish with no eyes	a fsh.
What genre consists of erotic novels	Cliterature
What is long, black and smelly	The unemployment line.
What do I know about dwarves	Very little.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Mega-saur-ass
What did the pamphlet say to the booklet when it asked for help	Bro sure!
What do you call a pigeon with 4 feet	A STOOL Pigeon
What's blue and doesn't fit anymore	A dead epileptic.
What's the difference between my bed and my imagination	You aren't naked in my bed.
What did the frog say to his girlfriend while she was giving him a handjob	Rubbit, Rubbit!
What's white and can't climb trees	A Refrigerator
What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market	HEYYY LAAADIESS
What do you call an organized group of people waiting to get drinks	Punchline
What's in cider	I'm in cider!
Whats the difference between a sly pig and a yeast infection	One's a cunning runt.....
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant	Spare ribs.
What do you call a sudden breeze at The Masters	Augusta wind.
Whats pink and smells like salmon	trout
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a hooker with diarrhea	One you shuck between fits...
What do you call a deaf dinosaur	Anything you like - he can't hear you.
What's the powerful weapon in Greenland's arsenal	The Nuuklear Bomb
What does 80 year old pussy taste like	Depends
Whats a Himalayan's favourite body part	a Nepal.....
What is loud and sounds like ""apple""	(scream) APPLE!!!
What did the shirt say to the pants zipper	Your so fly man
What did Cinderalla do when she got to the ball	She gagged.
What did the Italian say when 6 curses were removed from him	Hexagon.
What's red and loud	A skinned baby in a bag of salt.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped. ;)
What is the difference between a female blond and a female mosquito	A female mosquito can raise a family when she is done sucking.
Q: What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	A: Roberto.
What is a cat's favorite breakfast	Mice crispies.
What if Voldemort's last horcrux was his virginity	Then Harry Potter would have to destroy it ofcourse.
What is the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	The first is a super hero, the second is a simple command.
What gun would Jesus outlaw first	A nail gun
What's balck on the bottom and white on the top	Society
What's a cops favorite TV show	Justified
What do you call an old snowman	Water.
What's the difference between Pussy and Parsley	Nobody eats Parsley. (said at Christmas dinner by my 100 year old great Aunt)
What goes 30 miles per hour and smells like curry	Usain Balti
What do Apple and Rose have in common	They both lost jack.
What's the best class in school if you want to be a doctor	Weight training, it gives you the most patients.
What's the difference between a dirty old bus station and a lobster with boobs	One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar	OH SNaP!
What soft drink did Hitler ban during WWII	Mountain Jew.
What happened to when the coke bottle was ran over by the steam roller	He was soda pressed.
What's the difference between feminism and Islam	One is demonized by the actions and beliefs of a small minority. The other believes in the wage gap myth.
What did Kellyanne Conway say about the leaked e-mails	They're just alternate fax.
What mathematical operation is used to calculate the rate at which lumberjacks cut wood	Logger-rhythms.
What's the worst news for a NASCAR driver before a race	The track is alright.
What's the best thing about having insomnia	Only one nights sleep til Christmas!
What was Jamie Bulger's favourite Bob Dylan album	'Blood on the Tracks'.
What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on it	Not much. It just gave a little whine.
What happened when the composer got angry	He flew off the Handel
What's Paul Walker's favorite drink	Fireball
What happens after an alligator commits a crime	You call an investigator
What does Andre 3000's menorah look like on the last day of Hanukkah	ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT ALIGHT
What do you call a black guy at college	A miracle. Edit: I've hidden this post as I realized it was stupid and too offensive. I'm sorry, it was overly racist.
What does a five year old and a penis have in common	If it doesn't come when you tell it to, then just beat it harder. (I am so sorry)
What do you call a man with just a nose	No body nose man. Hue, hue, hue.
What do you call a koala that drives	A koalafied driver! *badum-tis*
What do you call a bald spot on a cell phone salesperson	A gap in coverage.
What is a wok	Something you throw at wabbits when you haven't got your wifle.
What do you call a hotel special that lets policemen stay for two nights for the price of one	CuNO3!
What is Peter Pan on death row	A frying Pan
What did King Midas say to the centaur	Stay gold, Ponyboy.
What was the middle aged man charged with when he was found fondling a calf	Sexual Moolestion
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus	Claustrophobic.
What do you call a disabled cub scout	A nub scout.
What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub	Throw your laundry in with them.
What have Margret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville got in common	(NSFW) They both fucked miners(minors) in the 1980s
What has 12 breasts and 24 teeth	The night shift at Waffle House.
What's an Alzheimer patient's favorite horror movie	The Blair...Which project? [Made my roomie laugh at least]
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer	One's a slimy, scum-sucking bottom feeder, and the other is delicious dipped in batter and deep-fried. *-Hannibal Lecter*
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What's a snakes favourite dance	Snake rattle & roll !
What is a jew on a swing	A annoyance to German snipers.
What would you hear at a cow concert	Moo-sic!
What do you call it when one lesbian ""Cock Blocks"" andother lesbian	Beaver Dam
What were Nazi turkeys forced to do each Thanksgiving	Goebel Goebbels.
What's the difference between a 12 year old grill and a 12 year old girl	The grill doesn't cry when you use it to satisfy your meaty desires.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse's mouth	A mechanic.
Q: What's a cat's favorite food	- A:  Petatoes!
Q: What time would it be if five elephants were chasing you	A: Five after one.
What is Forrest Gump's password	1Forrest1
What is a Mexican bodybuilder's favorite supplement	Guey protein.
What kind of girl gets away with being five years old and having sex with 20 guys	A woman born on February 29th 1996.
What do you call an alligator who's wearing a vest	An investigator.
What is Son Goku's least liked food	Vegetta balls
What's hard and hairy and sticks out of your pajamas at night	Your head.
What's the safest font	Helmetica.
What do you call white grand parents	Graham-crackers... ""wokka wokka
What do you call a man with a fetish for US currency who works on a dairy farm	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What's the difference between an elephant and a police car	On the elephant, the trunk is in the front and the asshole is in the rear. Cop here, so everyone laugh it up!
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	Sometimes a canoe tips!
What did the dog say after it slid across some sandpaper	Ruff.
What if a side effect to laxatives was death	That'd be a shitty way to die.
What did the SJW say to the person who had just been blackmailed	At least you didn't get white maled.
What you call a crocodile covered with tortillas	A tacodile
What do watermelons and Khloe Kardashian's vagina have in common	They're both pink in the middle and full of black seeds
What do you call a Nebraskan who hates Obama	A CORNservative.
Q: What do you call a blind German	A: A Not See (Nazi)
What do you call four rats on a mathematical equation	A quadratic equation :)
What's a a magician's favorite kind of coffee	100% abracadabra
What's Michelle Obama's favorite place on reddit	/r/jokes cause it's all about recycling!
What Central American country has the most spooks	Ghosta Rica!
What do you call a group of Ocelot	An Awful-lot.
What's the worst thing about being drunk	Ask a glass of water.
What is the Cuban national anthem	''Row Your Boat!''
What's a monsters favorite desert	I-Scream!
What do you call an actor that has just paid off his house	Mortgage Freeman
What do you call a Satanist dancer	A ba'al-erina.
What's the difference between an egg and a wank	You can't beat a wank!
What do lawyers do after they die	They lie still.
What do you call a one legged woman	Eileen! What do you call a one legged Japanese woman. Irene! What do you call the Samoan lady who fell off the cliff? Eileen Tufa'a!
What do you say to an native american who, you think, is telling you lies	Don't sittin' bullshit me.
What did Ronald Reagan say in his presidential campaign	Electron. Also, what did the Greek warrior say when he saw the wooden horse? Hydrogen ^^^^please ^^^^spare ^^^^me
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	A cat has its claws at the end of its paws; a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
What does the handyman who has no legs wear on his head	The handycap.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Alickalotopuss
What do you call a lame horse	Elmer
What's the difference between a pill and my penis	A pill can achieve an erection.
What did cinderella say when she got to the ball	NSFW *gagging noise*
What can you say about Ham Burger and Chief Justice Warren Burger	Ham Burger is 'well done' and Chief Justice Warren Burger has 'done well'!
What does Sting have in common with a snitch	They both sang at the police.
What's a Lumberjack's favorite drink	A lager
What did the depressed light switch say	I can't go on.
What is the most important thing for a hungry shark	A-fish-in-sea.
What do you get when you cross a cow with a trampoline	A milkshake!
What you get if you cross an r/jokes redditor with an author of books about the past	History repeating itself.
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the little boy	Wanna take a shower? They're to die for.
What did the dick say to the condom	Cover me, im going in!
What did the trans-gender, pan-sexual, gender-fluid ogre say to the heterosexual male ogre	Shrek your privilege!
What comes in pints	elephants
What does a successful CS:GO bettor spend the money on	Vacation.
What kind of bees make milk	Boo-bees.
What do reindeer have that other animals don't have	Baby reindeer
What do Bernie Sanders and Santa Claus have in common	They're old, promise you free shit and are red!
What Johnny Mercer song does December 21st remind you of	Autumn Leaves.
What's the difference between an elevator and a black guy	The elevator can raise a child.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never begged to have a lentil on my face
What did the botanist say to the plant he was tired of tending to	Grow away.
What's a homophobic child's worst nightmare	A monster coming out of the closet
What kind of pizza would the twin towers order	Two plains.
What do you call Trump's barber	Orange peeler
What do most men consider a gourmet restaurant	Any place without a drive-up window.
What type of pants does Mario wear	denim denim denim
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye 'maighty
What do you call a jewish eskimo	A kike!
What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus	You only need one nail for the picture!
What's brown and sticky	A twig.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What happened when Hamlet discovered his love dead	Necro-Ophelia
What do you get the man who has everything	Antibiotics
What do you call a cow with two legs	Your mother!
what's invisible and smells like carrots	rabbit farts
What has 16 legs and speaks german	Doppelspider
What do you call a Muslim who owns 6 goats	A pimp
What does being questioned by interpol have in common with cunnilingus	One slip of the tongue and you're in the shit
What is cat's favourite tea	Kit-tea
What's the most sought after ball in Biopsy Bingo	B9
What did the elephant say when the man grabbed him by the tail	This is the end of me !
Q: What do you get when you cross a poisonous snake with a horse	A: I dunno, but if it bites you, you can ride it to the hospital!
What do you call a movie about a low-magnitude Iron ion that skips school	Ferrous Bueller's Day Off
What do you call a Hawaiian with a cold	A Polysneezin.
What does r/The_Donald call its rule list	The MAGA Carta
What is Shakespeare's favourite writing utensil	I don't know, but it was either 2B or not 2B.
What's the difference between sexy and kinky	Sexy is when you use the feather. Kinky is when you use the whole chicken.
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall	Dam
What do you call someone who barely graduated from med school	Doctor.
What do you call a gay anemic	homo-goblin
What Do You Call A Blank Piece Of Paper	WOMEN'S RIGHTS!!!
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I don't know, but their flag is a huge plus.
Whats the biggest difference betweens mens and womens soccer	There are more pussies on a mens soccer team
What is the difference between a circus and a whorehouse	[NSFW[ One is an array of cunning stunts and the other is an array of stunning c*nts EDIT: R.I.P. inbox, this really blew up unexpectedly
What do you call a Mexican woman who has no legs	Cunts way low
what do you call gay paramedics	First-AIDS
What do you call someone who likes to rap about salt	NaCl-more.
What do you get when you combine north beach and south beach	Sum of beaches.
What's a Rastafarian's favorite Star Wars character	Jah Jah Binks
What's the difference between your mama and a washing machine	The washing machine doesn't follow me around for a week after I dump a load in it.
What do you do when Ronda says ""Not Tonight""	Kick her out of bed
What is the difference between a Ritz cracker and a lesbian	One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
What do you call a cold homie	A chilly dog.
What do Batman's parents shout when dinners ready	NOTHING, BECAUSE THEY'RE DEAD.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly	Birds can fly, but flies can't bird
What do you tell a person with two swollen eyes	Nothing, you already told 'em twice.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox	About 5 drinks
What type of pants do Japanese people wear	Nihon-jeans (Nihon-jin)
What's the difference... What's the difference between a chef and a perverted aquarium owner	One fixes dishes and the other dicks his fishes.
What did the fish say when he crashed into the wall	Fuck!
What do Donald trump and the Internet have in common	They're two of the worlds most powerful tools.
What's the hardest part of burning a church	My dick.
What do toilet paper and The Star Trek Enterprise have in common	They both circle Uranus in search of Klingons.
What is a hamburger's favourite story	Hansel and Gristle!
What do you call an amorous insect	The love bug.
What has 4 legs in the morning, 2 legs in the evening and 6 legs at night	I've trapped it in my bedroom, send help...
what's the opposite of a Mexican	a Mexican't
What do you get if you cross Dracula with Sir Lancelot	A bite in shining armor.
What's the difference between a sniper with bad eyesight and a constipated owl	One shoots but can't hit, the other hoots but can't sh...
What do you call a deer with flashlights for eyes	A bright eye deer.
What do giant steel beams say when they come across a nugget of gold	Au
What's Nu	Frequency.
What do you call Ralph Nader's alter ego	His alter-nader
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your mouth.
What was the best part of being a blind smallpox inoculator in the 18th century	The great stories you get to read everyday.
What did the Minotaur order at Starbucks	Half calf
What do you call a lizard that doesn't work	A reptile dysfunction.
What's Autocorrect's blood type	typo negative
What does Imperator Furiosa like to click when she logs into a website	REMEMBER ME!!!!!!!!!!
What kind of pants does Mario wear	(Super Mario Brothers) *""Denim Denim Denim""*
What do you call the mean and dusty winds of the desert	Darude Sandstorm
What do you call a group of killer whales that play instruments	An Orca-stra
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A flat miner
What do you call cheap circumcision	A ripoff.
What do you say to a man with no legs	Nothing, he'll shoot you.
What did Hitler eat for breakfast	Luftwaffes
What flavor gum does a scientist prefer	Exspearamint. inspired by the presidential gum joke.
What task was assigned to the last electron to join the military	Survalence
What happened when the joke about terrorists got to the front page	It blew up
What's a Jawa's favorite kind of pasta	Rotini!
What do you call a large hairy gay man with no teeth	A gummy bear.
What do you call a West African cricketer	He Bowler
What is the name of your car	Lady: I forgot the name, but is starts with 'T'. Sardar: Oh, what a strange car, starts with Tea. All cars that I know start with petrol.
What suicidal space creature did Kirk find on the Enterprise	A Tribble with troubles.
What is a horny pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty.
What is the difference between an anal thermometer and an oral thermometer	The taste!
What do you call a fake thong (flipflop)	A scandal!
What did the sexual predator chicken say about the donkey	I don't think it'll fit in that ass.
What do you get if you cross a glow-worm with a  python	A twenty-foot-long strip-light that can squeeze you to death.
What kind of drugs to frogs take	methamphibians.
What's the difference between E.T and illegal immigrants	E.T actually learned English and wanted to go home.
What do burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant chick have in common	Some douchebag forgot to pull it out in time.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle, and a poorly dressed woman on a tricycle	Attire
What's the difference between everybody and bullets	Everybody misses Harambe.
What kind of cell phone reception do astronauts get on the moon	1/6 G My 8 year old son came up with this one.
What's the difference between Males and Females	An iron.
What would you call Jack Black and Jack White's kid	**A dirty abomination you god hating homosexual!**
What's better than roses on a piano	Two-lips on your organ
What's the worst thing to say to an anorexic person	You are what you eat
What did the vinaigrette say to the refrigerator	Close the door! I'm dressing!
What's the difference between a trampoline and a dead baby	You take your boots off to jump on a trampoline.
What do you call a family in which everyone from grand parents to grand kids smoke weed	Joint Family.
What do you call balls on the wall	Walnuts. What do you call balls on a chest? Chestnuts. What do you call balls on a chin? My throne
What dog always gets on everyone's nerves	A great pane!
What do a bungee jump and a hooker have in common	They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.
What do you call a German virgin	Guttentight.
What did the cow say when she jumped off a cliff	Geronimoo!
What did the pastry from Denmark say to the pastry from Norway	Hey, I'm Danish. JK they're pastries, they can't talk.
What is a pessimists blood type	B-negative.
What does a gynecologist and a pizza boy have in common	They can smell it but they can't eat it.
What do you call a communnist sniper	A Marxman
What is a Down Syndrome kid's favorite number	321
What's the easiest way to find a gay West Virginian	All his cousins are male!
What do you call a Chicken staring at lettuce	Chicken Caesar Salad
What's the worst thing about a blowjob from an anorexic girl	They never swallow.
What's the saddest computer you can buy	A Dell
What is 007's fetish	Bondage...
What religion does a drinking feline believe	Cat-holic
What is long and hard on a black man	Third grade.
What does Eminem and a Tumblr SJW have in common	See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
What do you call a stoner that is masturbating	A highjacker.
What's brown and sticky	A stick!
What is easy to register for, but something you never want	Sex offender.
What's brown and sticky	A stick.
What did the Japan team say after the first half of the Women's World Cup	I, 4-1, know we won't win.
what vegetable really likes to party	turn-up
What do you get when you cut yourself while having sex with a member of Queen	Band Aids
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple	Finding half a worm in your apple.
What is a Cell	something you keep black people in
What do you want to eat a week after thanksgiving	Anything but fucking turkey...
What did the dog say to the pig	You are just a bore.
What do Gay men have in the morning	Sticky Buns! ;D
What's the best name for a cigarette company	TOBA Co
What do you call 2 doctors walking together	Pair-o-Medics
What do you call a redhead who identifies as the opposite sex	Transginger.
What do you call someone who worships testicles	Sacrilegious.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	My ass.....nyahahahaha (10 points for who knows the source of this classic joke)
What do you get if cross a snowman and a shark	Frost bite !
What do you call the procedure for female to male sex change	A stitchadicktomy
What type of grain uses profanity	Vulgar Wheat
What does George Bush Jr and Michael Jackson have in common	Bush did 9/11 and Jackson did 9 11 year-olds.
What does a South Korean call their lover	Their Seoul Mate.
What do you call five black men having sex	A threesome
What do you call the useless flap of skin around the vagina	A woman. 'Nuff said.
What's black and smells like Shiraz	Tyrone Lannister
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Gagged.
What do Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, and LeBron James have in common that led to their success in the NBA	Hard work and dedication.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a used car sales person	The used car sales person knows they are lying.
What is the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	In the case of the bmw, the pricks are on the inside.
What do priests have in common with my dad's BBQs	They both stick their meat in 10 year old buns.
What's the most American food	Popcorn, because you have to blow it up before you eat it.
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a trampoline	You take your shoes off to jump on the trampoline.
What is another word for a rap battle	Black-on-black rhyme
What is the center of a gay apple's life	Decor.
What does a Chinese cow say	[Governess](https://translate.google.com/m/translate#en/zh-CN/Governess)
What do you get when you cross a pyrotechnician and Mexican food	Explosive Diarrhea
What's better than being up to your knees in beer	Being up to your nuts in cider.
What does oral sex in a nursing home taste like	(shrugs shoulders) Depends.
What language does gay Jesus speak	Heblew
What is so brilliant with a Arabian blow-up doll	They blow themselves up.
What do you call someone who specializes in trains	A trained professional
What did the knob say to the door	I LOCK you a lot! yep, its corny, indeed, but... I'm tryin'! ~Skip
What do you get when you cross a snake with a plane	A boeing constrictor
What did Batman say to Robin before they hop on the Batmobile	To the Batmobile!
What version of Counter-Strike do feminists get	Counter-Feminist: Globally Offended
What cereal was removed from Tim Cook's breakfast	Apple Jacks
What's fast and can breathe underwater	Not a toddler, I can tell you that
What's the difference between a hobo on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle	A tyre (attire)
What do you call a Mongol with an infectious skin disease	A leprekhan
What's 12 inches long, stiff, red and purple, and makes women scream	Crib death
What makes a fencing joke extra funny	When it is a riposte
What do you get if you cross a hedgehog  with a giraffe	A long necked toothbrush !
What do lesbians use to get on top of a building	A scissor lift.
What dose a old lady got between her tits	Her belly button.
What kind of person are you if you open the door from the bottom of the door	A low-key person
What happens when the PS and XBOX servers go down	The ambulance comes lights and sirens, ""WII-U WII-U WII-U"" I'm sorry, I'll leave now ._.
What do you do to a dog that doesn't obey your commands	You kill it.
Whats the worst part of eating 11 raw oysters out of your grandmothers vagina	Realizing you only put 10 in
What is Bing's most searched word	Chrome
What do you get when you cross an atheist with a Jehovah's Witness	Someone knocking at your door for no apparent reason.
What is brown and rhymes with ""snoop""	Dr.Dre
What's the difference between ""a choice"" and "" to choose	A choice"" is a decision you make. ""To choose"" are what Mexicans put on their feet.
What do you call a lesbian with long fingernails	Single.
What do you do when you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off an apologize.
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	A golfer goes *whack*, ""Darn!"" A skydiver goes ""Darn!"" *whack*
What did Jesus become after they nailed him to the cross	Holey.
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking in a house fire
What does an Asian prostitute say to asbestos workers	Meso horny.
Q: What did one angel say to the other	A: ""Halo.
What's the worst thing about Mexican and Black jokes	Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
What is an injured persons favorite movie	Cast Away
What do chicken families do on Saturday afternoon	They go on peck-nics !
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Megasoreass
What happens if a big hairy monster sits in  front of you at the movie theater	You miss most of the film.
What do you call an edible ion	An onion
What do a d20 and my penis have in common	Girls don't play with either of them.
What is Beethoven's favourite fruit	BA-NA-NA-NA BA-NA-NA-NA
What do the twin towers and gender have in common	The Bush
What do you say to two dust particles making out in the street	Get a broom, you two.
What's grey and comes in quarts	An elephant
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my dick up your ass.
What's big and green and sits in the corner	The Incredible Sulk!
What do you get if you cross a duck with a  firework	A firequaker !
What do dirty fish read	Prawno Magazines!
What do you call a fight between a human and a gorilla	A harumble.
What does a soviet call someone with good vision	Glasnots.
What did the potato say to his lover	You have amazing eyes.
What do you get if you cross a dog with Concorde	A jet setter !
What did the people say about the eccentric poo	It was a little nutty.
What's the quickest way to lose pounds	The UK National Lottery!
What do a pizza delivery guy and a gynaecologist have in common	Both of them can smell it but neither is allowed to eat it.
What ""bus"" crossed the ocean	Columbus.
What's the best part of a baker's body	Their buns.
What's the difference between a whore and Nickleback	A whore doesn't always suck cock.
What do you call a murderer who pours their mike before the cereal	A cereal killer!
What do you call the electronic process of making a sandwich	A sub routine.
What were Tarzan's last words	WHO GREASED THE VIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNEEEE.
What kind of shoes do therapists wear	Issues.
What do you call a race run by baristas	A **decaf**alon
What animals are poor dancers	Four-legged ones because they have two left feet.
What do you call a bear without teeth	A gummi bear.
What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad	A pineapple
What's the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield	It's rear end!
What do astronauts eat for dinner	Launch meat.
What was the bridge player's political view	No-trump!
What happens when two oxen bump into each other	You have an oxident.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, he's not coming.
What do you get when you cross a mountain and a desert	Very tired feet.
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't unlock the door	Triforce
What did Santa give the blind, autistic, paraplegic kid with down syndrome for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call a pachyderm that has nothing to do with the situation	Irrelelephant. *...I'll show myself out*
What do you call a deer with no eye	No eye deer
What does it take to be a president	Nothing
What's the difference between a tornado and a redneck divorce	Nothing. Either way they're losing the trailer.
What do people with two left feet wear	Flip flips
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	...you can't milk a cow for a decade straight.
What is a dark comedy	A black guy with small ^dick.
What's white, blue , and red all over	REDdit.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law	A small medium at large.
Whats the perfect place to hide a body on the internet	The second page of a youtube search.
What's big, yellow, and can't swim	A schoolbus full of children.
Whats the difference between an Irish wedding, and an Irish funeral	There's one less drunk.
What do you call a watermelon in California	A melon
What do you call a man-eating tiger	A tiger.
What does a terrorist in Antarctica say	Allahu Akburrrrrr
What do you call an epileptic leper taking a bath	Porridge.
What did the pro bono plastic surgeon say to their patient on Dec 31st	Happy new ears Eve!
What do Russians call their barbers	Combrade
What do you call a drummer that breaks up with his girlfriend	Homeless.
What do you call a shape that's always worried	A paranoid. (Wooo maths jokes)
What's it called when a fedora wearing neckbeard gets sick	M'alady
What do you get when you cross my mom with my dad	I don't know, but my Dad said it was a mistake.
What did one eye say to the other eye	Between you and me, something smells. Credit: Christmas cracker.
What do you call an important Australian	A significunt
[Nerd joke] What do trespassers have in common with logical fallacies	They both violate the rules of the premises.
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer	A: You get a short circut.
What do you call a migrant in space	illegal alien
What do you call a Greek Magician	Abra Kebabra
What type of tea is hard to swallow	Reality
What's the difference between Batman, and a black man	Batman can go out at night without Robin. Ba-Dum-Tis!!!!!!!
What do you call a Muslim father who works at a supermarket	a Baghdad
What's the difference between a Mexican and a bench	The bench can support a family of four.
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	U... Because U keep reposting this joke.
What did One Direction say when they became popular	Zayn Ma Luck
What did the human call the bee after it stung him	An ass hole
What's blue and doesn't fit	A dead epileptic
What do you get when you cross a bad politician with a crooked lawyer	Chelsea Clinton
What's the rudest type of Elf	The GofuckyoursELF
What do you call a psychic on /b/	A 4Chan-Teller
What's Dee Barnes favourite headphones	Beats by Dre
What does an American actor say when going to Europe	Let's go PAL.
What did the man say when he saw a dancing soup container	That can can can-can!
what do you call an animal that's neither a herbivore nor a carnivore	? an om-nom-nomnivore
What ten letter word starts with g-a-s	Automobile.
What's black and white and goes on eight wheels	A nun on roller skates. - kills self
What do you call a pre-historical human who wanders around too much	A Meanderthal
What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a Scot	One says ""hey, you, get off of my cloud"", and the other says ""hey, McLeod, get off of my ewe"".
What do you call the reptile that started the fight	The insti-gator.
What do you get when you burn down Woolworths	Coles.
What's a prostitute's favorite position	Whore-izontal. Zing! This has been a productive day at work.
What'd the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor?
What's the best part of being a necrophiliac	In the bedroom, it doesn't take much effort to make your lover's jaw drop.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Cockinasoreass. (Better when said aloud)
What's pink and fluffy	Pink fluff.
What does a man call a gorilla he loves	Haram Bae
What is Harry Potters favourite way to get down a hill	Walking. Jk. Rolling
What is eternity	Two self-conscious guys taking a shit in a public restroom.
What was the victim of the car crash wearing	A Casualty (Casual-Tee, as in Tee-Shirt) 100% Guraneed Originality You can know for sure I made it up because of how corny it is...
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid $300 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call 5 black people having sex	A threesome
What's the difference between cats and dogs	Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
What do you call a movie about artificial orange juice	Pulp Fiction
What do you think about sex before marriage	Well, as long as it doesn't delay the ceremony...
What's the difference between a hipster and a lumberjack	The lumberjack has a job.
What do you call a stoned pig	Baked Ham
What's in Poison Ivy's underpants	Tulips.
What did the fat math teacher say after a large Thanksgiving dinner	(-1)/8! Edit: I clearly don't know how to math.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	A porcupine has it's pricks on the outside!
What do you call a super kind man who spends too much time on the beach	A tangent
What are your thoughts on new soup technology	I say Progresso at any cost.
What's black, blue, and red all over	The Grudge at a rave.
What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen	Snow balls!
What do banks and the US government have in common	They both deal with checks and balances.
What do you do when you see a spaceman	Park in it, man.
What did the dumb Electrical Apprentice say to the journeyman	I conduit
What did the green grape said to the purple grape	BREATHE, GOD DAMMIT!! BREATHE!!!
What is the Difference Between Your Nearest Bus Station and a Crab With a Boob Job	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What's the one advantage if Hillary Clinton is elected President	We'll only have to pay her 77 on the dollar
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	*Christopher Walken*
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish	You can tune a guitar but you can't tuna fish.
What do you call someone with spasms and bladder problems	A twitch streamer.
What do mentally retarded parents give their kids	Hand me Downs.
What is the difference between Jamaicans and Jewish people	Their reaction when someone asks if they want to get baked.
What do you call a fat person who likes trance music	Trans fat
What did the fish say when it hit a wall	Dam.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he came out to be bisexual	It's okay, we're Bi-son.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are $1.95, Deer nuts are under a buck.
What do you call a White Woman that has had over 4 Abortions	Income Equality activist
What do you call it when worms take over the world	Global Worming.
What's the difference between a lonely person getting trolled and a wanted sexual offender	Ones a pranked Redditor, the other is a ranked predator.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What do the state of California and BDSM dungeons have in common	Nothing butt restrictions (thanks twitter.com/sorryforthelolz)
What's the difference between a prostitute and a crack dealer	A prostitute can sell her crack over and over again.
What sort of clothes does a pet dog wear	A petticoat !
What's cold and comes in April	Her dad.
What's the difference between Madonna and a bowling ball	You can only fit three fingers in the bowling ball.
What does a dyslexic zombie eat	Brians.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A flat minor.
What is the name of the secret society of weavers	I-loom-'n'-I-tie
Whats the difference between risky children and risky lesbians	One runs when they have scissors, the others scissor when they have runs
What do you call a tattoo of the most commonly used English letter on a scientist's penis	A logical phallus E.
What do you call a magic door	Dumbledoor!
What's the difference between a bot and a Trump supporter	A bot has a chance of reacing self-awareness in our lifetime.
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones	Trombones.
What's Green and Smells like Pork	Kermit's Finger
What is the difference between a divorce and a hurricane in the south	Nothing, someone is losing a trailer!
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a vibrator	A vibrator is not a genuine dick
What is a mushrooms favorite type of music	Hyphae
What's the difference between a new golf ball and a spoilt child	One's white and shiny, and the other is shite and whiny!
What's the oldest trick in the book	The first one.
What do you get when you crossbreed a negro with an octopus	I've got no idea, but sure as hell would be useful at a cotton farm.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair with a cell phone	Virgin Mobile.
What do you call someone you want to be stepped on by	A crush crush
What do Ted Cruz and an impotent Japanese man have in common	Neither can achieve an election
What do you call a German taking a shower	A Showerkraut.
What does Miley Cyrus have for Christmas Dinner	Twerky! I thought of that yesterday, apologies if you've heard it a thousand times already.
What do you get if you cross a cow with a camel	A lumpy milkshake.
What do you call a fast zombie	A zoombie.
What's the difference between American girls and Iranian girls	American girls get stoned BEFORE sex.
What's the difference in red and purple...	... How hard you squeeze it.
What did the letter O say to the letter Q	For God's sake man, put some pants on!
What do you call crystal clear urine	1080-Pee
What's the difference between a guy wearing a bullet proof vest and the English football team	The guy would survive the first round.
What's the difference between a trampoline and a baby	I take my shoes off when I jump on a trampoline
What's the difference between a woman and a laundry machine	When I dump a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around after
Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What's a pirate's favorite rapper	Kendrick Lamarrghhhh
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite dice game	Benghahtzee.
What do you call an employee at a sperm bank	A nutjob
What do you call a peeping Tom cat	A Purrr-vert.
What's the best part about dating a twin	Nobody can judge you on your age difference.
What's 18 inches and makes women SCREAM	A stillborn.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing they are both stuck up cunts
What do you call a crate of ducks	A box of quackers !
What can you catch from ear fucking	Hearing AIDS
What do you get when cross religion with apples	Apple Jews.
What happened when the cheese factory exploded	Debrie everywhere.
What happens when a bunch of ferrets get together	None of your business.
What did the carnivore say to the vegan	That's a missed-steak
What happened to the naughty little witch at  school	She was ex-spelled.
What do you call an exploding ape	A baboom.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist bastards.
What is teen pop	Jared's favorite music genre.
What did Little Bo Peep say to Woody when she got caught screwing Buzz	You got a friend in me.
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game	Before the first period.
What do you call one billion facebook users piled on top of each other	suckerberg
What do you call a dad joke in Jamaica	Dreadful.
What did the Kiwi say to the Rabbi	Hebrew"".
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry Potter made it out of the chamber
What do you call a cheap boob job	A discount rack.
What do you call a homeless Hitler	A roofless dictator.
What did the blanket say when he fell off the bed	Aw sheet! One of my favorite, cheesiest jokes of all time. Thought it would be a good first post to Reddit!
What do you call a fake noodle	Impasta
What's the difference between Hitler and Ronald McDonald	One of them is red and the other one is dead. LOLZ
What is the area at the Danish/German border called	The DaneGer zone! I'll show myself out.
What has two legs and bleeds	Half a dog.
What do you call a screaming timepiece	An alarmed clock.
What do ISIL and Little Miss Muffet have in common	Both have curds in their whey. -Credit goes to my professor
What's the National Vegetable of Israel	Ariel Sharon
What do you call a black guy that visits r/jokes regularly	A masochist
What's so good about an Ethiopian blow-job	You know she'll swallow.
What is the difference between a polar bear and the World Series	One has cubs
What bill is the Congress's favorite	Of course the $ bill!
What did Kermit the Frog say after Jim Henson died	Nothing.
What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable	Putting her back in the wheel chair
What do you do with a no-legged greyhound	Take it drag racing
What do you call a daredevil Gigolo with dwarfism	A Stunted Stunt Stunter.
What's the difference between my computer and Paul Walker	I actually give a shit when my computer crashes.
What do you call a bi-curious woman	A clitourist.
Q: What is a blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears	A: Trying to hold on to a thought.
What happened to Hillary Clinton's emails	[deleted]
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What happens when you stick your hand in a jar of jelly beans	The black one steals your watch and stabs you.
What's another name for chicken breasts	Chitties
What do you call a Jewish Ginger	Gingerbread. Edit: Here comes the downvote brigade, haha!
What do you call a disabled person during a zombie apocalypse	Meals on wheels...
What Did The Jumbo Shrimp Say To The Jumbo Crab	Looks like you've got me in a pinch.
What happened after the ugly man married the beautiful blonde	They had a wedding reception.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Mega-sore-ass
What do miss Frizzle and the catholic church have in common	They've both been in little boys.
What do you call a basketball that rolls off court and deflates	Out of bounce.
What did one muffin say to the other	muffin', he wasn't a very talkative guy
What do you call a will	a dead giveaway
What is the similarity between a weiner and a Rubik's Cube	The more you twist them the harder they get.
What do Gungans put things in	Jar Jars.
What do catholic body builders lift	Their guilt.
What do you call a Muslim standing between two buildings	Ali
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer	Ash
What's worse than finding cum stains in your son's underwear	Finding cum stains in the back of the underwear.
What do you call a fat psychic	Not a ""medium"", but a ""large.
What's the difference between a hipster and a fire hose	It takes more than one hipster to push the black people out of a neighborhood.
What's big, Scottish, and depressing	Scotland.
What do animals read in zoos	Gnus papers.
What do you call non-muslims that rides motorcycle	Kafir rider
What do you call a wandering caveman	A Meanderthal I'll go now.
What do you say to a Jewish New Zealander	Hee brew
What do you say to a giraffe	Hi, Asshole!"" (Made that up myself, I did.)
What's something 9 out of 10 people enjoy	[NSFW] [xpost /r/askmen] gang rape
What's the difference between a duck	One of its legs is both the same.
What did the Earth say to the Earthquake	Sorry...that was my fault.
What does a Christmas tree do after Christmas	It pines.
What did one saggy boob say to the other	If we don't get support soon, people will think we are nuts.
What book is better when you read it drunk	Tequila Mockingbird.
What happens to grapes when you step on them	They wine.
What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo of cocaine fall out of a window.
What's the most sensitive protein	EMOglobin.
What is the difference between a circus side show and a Las Vegas floor show	One has a cunning array of stunts, the other has a stunning array of cunts.
What do you get when you mix a gay Eskimo and a Black man	A snow blower that doesn't work
What's the shittiest day of the week	Saturday
What do you first see when you enter an Indian community	50 shades of brown ;)
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken
What do you call a drum that causes problems	A conundrum
What did the barber say to the Potato	You've got eyes on the back of your head!
What do you call a vulture with no beak	A head banger.
What's a Sicilian terrorists favorite treat	Italian ISIS'
What do you call a little Lannister when winter finally comes	Peter Shrinklage
What do you call a midget psychic that escaped prison	A small medium at large
What do you call a naked blond standing on her hands	A brunette with bad breath.
What do fat girls and mopeds have in common	They're both fun to ride, until your friends find out.
What did King Arthur sleep with when he was  afraid of the dark	A knight light
What's Michigan's favorite beer	PbR
What kind of tea did the american colonists want	Liberty
What do you get if you cross a tiger with a kangeroo	A stripey jumper !
What do you call a Japanese kid the explodes	A loli-pop
What's so weird about a steroid addiction	No matter what happens, the addiction always makes you stronger.
What do you call a Chicken with lettuce on its eyes	Chicken Caesar salad.
What do you call a pussy with herpes	Cuntagious
What happens when two dogs breed in a pound	Dog pound dog pounds dog pound dog.
What has three feet but no legs	A yardstick.
What's faster than a speeding bullet	[Religion] A Jew with a coupon.
What's the best way to get bubble gum out of your hair	Cancer
What's white & falls from the sky	The coming of the Lord."" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! ...please enjoy this tweet. I'm going to hell.
What does Gollum think about Gandalf's smoking addiction	Stupid, filthy habitses!
What's a pirates favorite letter	Nope, it's the C that they love
What's White &amp; Gooey and Rains Down From the Sky	The coming of the Lord.
What do you call a turtle with a hard on	-A slow poke.
What do you call an Ethiopian with a piece of cheese on his head	Quarter pounder with cheese!
What's the difference between a teacher and a train	One says, ""Spit out your gum!"" The other goes, ""Choo Choo Choo
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do	He stays awake all night wondering if there is a dog.
What did one potatoe say to another	Dan Quayle wrote this joke.
What's black, and breaks into houses	A wrecking ball
What did Donald Duck say to Goofy	I Fucked your Dad !! Lol !!
What did Obi-wan say to Skywalker the first time he saw him as Darth Vader	(snickering) Nice suit, must have cost you an ...
What do you call a dinosaur who joins the band The Clash	A StayGosaurus
What was the name of Russia's first female traffic cop	Ivana Pulyova
What is a North Korean's favorite school subject	Kimistry
What do you get if you cross a gorilla and a  prisoner	A Kong - vict !
What did everyone do after the Super Bowl was over	Watch the second half.
What do you call a cross between a hippo, an elephant and a rhino	Hell if I know
What do you call the surgical procedure for a female to male sex change	An Addadicktome.
What is the difference between a yogurt and america	If you leave the yogurt for 100 years alone, it develops a culture.
What do you call a bad hairdresser who is also very expensive	A rip-off.
What did Brad Pitt in Seven and Harvey Weinstein in real life both get	Gwyneth Paltrow's head.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump	Trump wears more makeup.
What is blurrier the more you squint	Everything.
What do you use when you are drowning in women	A flirtation device.
What do you call a dad that raps	(x-post from r/dadjokes) A hip pop. Happy fathers day!
Q: What do a viola and a lawsuit have in common	A: Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
What did the left butt cheek tell the right one..	If we stick together, we can stop this sh*t.
What's the form of public transit most rife with filth and disease	Let's name our sandwich shop after it
What's the difference between roast beef and pea green soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What do you get when you inject a goat with human DNA	A ban from the petting zoo.
What will the ISIS be called when we eventually destroy them	WASWAS.
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	One can finish a race.
What do you call a fire at the Internet  cafe	An e-mergency.
What goes CLOP CLOP CLOP BANG BANG CLOP CLOP	An Amish drive-by shooting
Q: What's pink and red and can't turn round in a corridor	A: A baby with a javellin through its head.
What's the difference between a microwave oven and anal sex	One doesn't brown your meat.
What type of porn do vampires watch	Fangbang.
What is the cannibals' favorite game	Swallow my Leader.
What's the hardest part about fucking a cripple	Paralyzing her.
What's worse than a pile of dead babies	One in the center eating its way out. What's worse than that? It goes back for seconds.
Whats 1+0	Babies
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty! *ba dum tssh*
What's the difference between a toilet and a sink	... Aaaand you're not allowed in my house anymore.
What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat	They got pissed off.
What do you call a chicken coop with four doors	A chicken sedan
What do you call a baby bull	A bully!
What do you call it when you shit yourself during the first meal of the day	An Incontinent-al Breakfast
What does the government and pedophiles have in common	They defile private things.
What race is the author of Charlotte's Web	E B White
What do you call a trombone player who just broke up with his girlfriend	Homeless.
What is the definition of ""trust	Two cannibals giving each other head.
What is the best time to watch Predator	Anytiiiiiiiiiime
What makes an ink joke so funny	The plot.
What do you get if you turn an evil laugh backwards	A laughing cow. Ahahahahahahahamoo.
What do you call a gang of tires	A rubber band
What did Hillary Clinton say when she got to the restaurant	Can I have a private server?
What do you call an Inbred cow	A sandwich!
What kind of ice cream runs for president	neapolititian
What kind of overalls does Super Mario wear	denim denim denim...
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef strokin' off.
What is Batman's favorite thing to do with his money	Make it Wayne.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down
What starts with ""E"" and has only one letter in it	Envelope!
What did the homeless man get for Christmas	Hungry.
What do you call a midget clown that juggles	A Juggalo
What's the cheapest present for an ophan	A tattoo with dad
What did Jonathan Ross say after breaking in to a large kitchen to steal some utensils	It was worth the whisk
What is it with lesbians	If they hate men so much, why do they dress like them? You never see a Jew dressed as a Nazi.
[NSFW] What do they say after intercourse in Alabama	Get off me Daddy, you're crushing my smokes!
What Supreme Court decision applies to fishermen bringing a small boat to shore	Row v. Wade
What's the worst part about smelling moth balls	Having to move the moth dick out of the way first.
What did the body-builder say after his house got robbed	No whey...
Whats the difference between an onion and a hooker	*Dead pan face*, I don't cry when I cut up hookers.
What does Asian Matthew Mcconaughey want for dinner	All rice, all rice, all rice
What travels down an alley and has holes in it	Batman's parents.
What's worse than ants in your pants	...uncles
What do I and Y2K have in common	Neither of us can get a date right ;_;
what do you get when you cross a donkey and an onion	an ass that'll bring a tear to your eye
What do you get if you put morphine on your toast	Crumfortably Numb!
What does Usain Bolt do when he misses the bus	He waits at the next station
What do girlfriends and ass hairs have in common	They never let shit go.
What do you call a Jewish cop	Kosher Pork.
What job do you never stop training for	Conductor
What do you feel when there's no more coffee	Depresso.
What key opens a banana	A monkey. What key opens a carrot? A donkey.
What disease do Spartans get the most	Leon-itis.
What do you say to comfort the grammar nazi	There, their, they're...
What did the white high school dropout get for his birthday	A legacy scholarship for his second choice school
What is a gay couples favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
What is the worst thing about Gonorrhea	the taste!
What do you call it if an illegal immigrant fights a sex offender	Alien vs. Predator
what do you call a lesbian in a ford windstar filled with penises	dick van dyke
What is Bill Cosby's favorite hotel chain	Red Roofie Inn. I'll show myself out.
What's the difference between Preston Coach Terminal and a lobster with 34e breasts	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What do you call a Mexican crossed with an octopus	I don't know, but it sure can pick lettuce.
What do you call a pile of cats	A Meowtain.
What's the difference between being hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber
What do vegetarian zombies eat	Graiins!
What did the Lion say to the Rhino	Y NO LEGS!
What do all the Smiths in the telephone book have in common	They all have telephones...
What advice to cows give	Turn the udder cheek and mooooove on!
What do you call a group of people standing in the arctic circle	A Finnish line.
What do you call a blond-haired, blue-eyed guy who is well-endowed	A Hung-Ariyan.
What do vegan zombies eat	Grraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssssssssssssssss
What's the difference between a feminist and a trash bin	The trash gets taken out once a week.
What's the difference between men and pigs	Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
What did the handyman do... when he got his girlfriend in bed with him for the first time	He screwed, nutted, and bolted.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	High definition.
What did they gay necrophiliac say about his ex-lover	That rotten asshole split on me again!
What do accountants use for birth control	Their personalities.
What do sound engineers say when they leave	Audios
What's the difference between a feminist and a knife	The knife has a point. P.s: please don't kill me feminists, it's just a joke
What's the difference between regular sex and anal sex	One makes your day and one makes your hole weak.
What do you call it when a British Redditor posts a Showerthought about wiping til the tissue turns red	A bloody shitpost.
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on ahead, I gotta give these two a lift.
What did the homeowners of house haunted by windows have	Phantom panes.
What's grey and comes in quarts	[NSFW] Elephants.
What do you call a Chinese billionaire	Cha Ching
What do you do when two lesbians make out in front of you in a bus	You get off.
What does a Bird and a fridge have in common	They Can Both fly except the fridge.
What's the lightest thing in the world	The penis, Because we can lift it with a thought.
What does kanye west eat for breakfast	an omlette you finish.
What's a crossfit bro's favorite Italian dish	Testosteroni.
Q: What does a bankrupt frog say	A: ""Baroke baroke baroke.
What do communists clean first when they do their laundry	Their Linens
What would be a terrible name for a new beer	Q: What would be a terrible name for a new beer? A: ""Mondays""...because no one would EVER want to buy a case of the Mondays...
What did the blind, def and mute kid get for Christmas	Cancer
What's the difference between a policeman's baton and a magician's wand	One is used for cunning stunts and the other is used for stunning cunts.
Whats the most confusing day in Harlem	Father's day.
What's so great about living in Switzerland	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What goes ""oh oh oh""	Santa walking backwards.
What did Keanu Reeves say to slow down his horse	Whoa.
What's the most common blood type among drummers	Heroin.
What's the difference between a hammer and a mallet	I don't remember the rest of the joke, but your mother's a whore.
What did Jesus say when he was nailed upon the cross	Me! That hurts!
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Quatro cinco.
What is worse than three babies in three containers	NSFW One baby in three containers.
What is something that Ronda Rousey and myself both have in common	We only last 48 seconds.
What do rodents do after dinner	Gopher a walk.
What is the oldest red wine	They took our Land!
Q: What is the difference between a lawnmower  and a soprano sax	A: You can tune the lawnmower and the owner's neighbors don't mind if you don't return the sax when you borrow it.
What do you call a wheelchair bound Leo	HanDicaprio. .
What did Bill Cosby say in response to his rape allegations	Kids say the darndest things.
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates	Rolaids
What song did Scar sing when he fixed his car horn	Beep repaired...
What do you do to a dead fruit	You *berry* it.
What's the difference between a cloths hanger and a flight of stairs	The cloths hanger only solves one problem.
What do you get when you move 32 Texans into the same room	A full set of teeth
What do you call the useless skin around a vagina	The woman.
What do you call a young Jewish girl who solves mysteries	Nance Hebrew
What's the difference between a group of snowboarders and lifties (lift attendants)	The lift attendants have jobs.
What is red and hurts when you bite it	A Brick.
What's the difference between people who voted for Trump, and those that didn't	On average, about $30,000 in student debt.
What's the similarity between a woman &amp; a condom	[NSFW] They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick
What is a penguin	A swallow who ate after 6pm.
What is Batman's Japanese emergency number	7777-Batman
What is a difference between Jesus and a Picture of Jesus	It takes one nail to hang a picture.
What European capital has the most ghosts	Boodapest!
What's a moo hoo for a darling bull	A dear steer!
What's that	It's my pet rock."" Why does it look sad? DWAYNE JOHNSON: I'm hungry.
What do elephants say as a compliment	You look elephantastic !
What did the dad say to Michael Jackson at the beach	Get out of my son!
What is the most popular breakfast at the World Trade Center	A plane bagel.
What's the difference between a potato and a chickpea	You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.
What did the raisin see when she came home early from work	Her husband on a date.
What do you call a wife that knows where her husband is at all time	A widow
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor	... Make me one with everything.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	You can keep the tip"".
What's Donald Trump's favorite song	White Christmas
What do you call a cow... With three legs	Lean beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? That's right! Ground beef. What do you call a cow with two legs? .... YOUR MOM.
What is the key to being a successful and lucrative locksmith	There isn't one.
What do you call a boxing on a slackline	Punchline.
What does a train full of grain's whistle sound like	COUS, COUS!!!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is very heavy and the other is a little lighter.
whats the difference between Court and Supreme Court	Supreme Court comes with sour cream and guac.
What's the difference between pizza and a black guy	The pizza can feed a family
What's a dish best served cold	Air condish.
What is made of wood and sticky	...a Stick!
What's a baseball players favorite type cake	A bundt cake.
What do bees and celebrities have in common	They're both dying at an alarming rate.
What would be the name of a gangster who makes terrible movies	Suge Knight Shyamalan.
What is best potato	Latvian potato is best potato. Is kind you spend whole life looking for. Also, low calories.
What do you call a car with a broken exhaust	Emission impossible
What different about an American Christmas from a Spanish one	Noel.
What do a pirate wench and an alcoholic have in common	They've both got a little Captain in them.
what did the lawyer say to the other lawyer	we are both lawyers
What do you call a treehouse full of women you despise	A country.
What kind of pants do Mario and Luigi wear	Denim denim denim.
What do you call a hand job from Stephen Hawking	A stroke of Genius.
What is ISIS' favourite file type	.exe
What do you call Pegasus farts	Horse power.
What do you get when you cross an idiot with a watch	A cuckoo clock.
Whats the difference between a terrorist camp and a high school	I don't know, I just fly drones.
What was the Sci-fi remake of A Streetcar Named Desire	InterSTELLLLLLLAAAAAAAR
What's the best vegetable to bring to a party	Stephen Hawking
What did Stella McCartney say during a threesome	Come together Right now Over me
What do Netflix and diarrhea have in common	......... Both stream instantly.
What's the difference between anal and oral sex	(NSFW) Oral sex makes your day. Anal makes your hole weak.
What do you get when you combine a Comedian and a Whorehouse	a BROFL
What's worse than having a girlfriend with no tits	Having tits and no girlfriend.
What's a good example that oil is a bad lubricant	Middle East
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination	HAND EYYYYYYYYYEEE
What kind of jean's do Mario prefer	Denim Denim Denim.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's the definition of a good buddy	[NSFW] A guy that goes into town and gets two blow jobs. Then comes back and gives you one.
What do you get when you cross reggaeton and masturbation	Dame mas Vasolina
What do you call anal sex on an airplane	High ass fuck
whats a frogs favorite type of metal joining practice	A rivet
What do hillbillys do on Halloween	Pump Kin
What do you call a dwarf psychic who has escaped jail	Small medium at large
What does an astronaut say when he's sorry	All my Apollo-gies.
What do you can an African-American that has growing pains in its leg	A knee-grow
What do you call a pile of cats	A Meow-tain.
Whats big and white and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A fridge.
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit's finger.
What did the Ancient Romans use to cut their hair	Caesars.
What do you call a Mexican fighting a Priest	(slightly offensive) Alien vs. Predator
What do you call an evil cat, who only lives to be an ass hole	A cat.
What do you call a spider that likes 80s music	A Durantula.
What's the difference between tuna, a piano, and a pot of glue	You can tune a piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
What is faster Hot or cold	Hot, because you can catch a cold.
what should you never say to a bossy person planning the funeral of a loved one ""who died and put you in charge	
What do you call a group of Combi's	A Combi nation!
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What's the best way to get gum out of your hair	Get cancer.
What do you call Star Wars Spoilers	*Wookie*Leaks.
What is the difference between oral and anal thermometers	the taste.
What's the shortest organ in a goat	An ISIS member!
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean.
What do you call a research facility in the middle east	Darpa Darpa
What happens if you cross an Ape with an octopus	You get a fur coat with lots of sleeves!
What's the fastest way to kill millions	Just swallow.
What's a Rabbi's favourite drink	Mountain Jew.
What do you call a pretentious coffee	A latte-dah!
What's the difference between you and a calendar	A calendar has a date for Valentine's Day.
What's a word that starts with ""u"" and ends with ""w""	Cloning.
What do Orphans get for Christmas	Lonely.
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory	A: Proofreading.
What is a KKK member's favorite board game	CROSS fire
What did the cyclops say to the sheep	Ewe and eye make a great team.
Q: What's worse than raining cats and dogs	A: Hailing taxis.
Q: What do you call a blonde holding a balloon	A: Siamese twins.
What do you call a silent kebab	A shh-kebab
What is crucial to any joke about ISIS	The execution
What do you call a man who loves a woman for her brains	A zombie.
What's a fundamentalist Christian's favorite type of car	A convertible.
What's a scientist's favorite gum flavor	.......Ex-*spearmint*.
What did they priest say when he got censered	Holy smoke!
What did Caesar say when he went to the whorehouse	Veni Vidi Veni
What is small furry and smells like bacon	A hamster.
What do you call a pompous Hobbit	Bilbo Braggins
What will Tesla build this christmas to help santa deliver presents	An elf driving car
What do you have when you get 32 rednecks in a line	A full set of teeth
What do you mean pi r square	Pies are round
What's the difference between Bono and God	God doesn't go around thinking he's Bono.
What made the world stop being Blue	The new softcap limits
What happened when the girl dressed as a  spoon left the Halloween party	No one moved. They couldn't stir without her.
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim, denim, denim.
What did the letter "" O "" say to the letter "" Q ""	Dudddeee.....your dicks out!
What's the difference between Sara Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
What did the redneck say to his ex	Can we still be cousins?
What do you call a Pikachu caught in Brazil	A Zikachu
Whats the leading cause of pedophilia	Sexy kids
What do nearsighted gynecologists and a puppy have in common	A wet nose.
What do you call a Korean bulldog	A bul-dog-gi
What's the difference between acne and a priest	Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he's 13.
What's the smallest amount of money you would reach into a toilet to get	Mine is a skittle.
What's the best part about being an orphan	All your chips and candy bars are family sized.
What did Frank say when he dropped his last slice of Pizza Hut in the toilet	Pizza shit
What do you call a bear's dick	a weenner the pooh
What did the mother Buffalo say when her boy left for college	Bye-son
What did the record holder for the world's longest coma get	A trophy
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowoman	Snowballs!
What's the best way to keep milk from turning sour	Leave it in the cow.
What do you call sliding into home plate, on a green field in Mexico	Muchas Grassy-ass. I'm sorry.
What do you call a bus full of lawyers driving of a cliff	A shame. What do you call an empty seat? A damn shame.
What does a Polish bride get on her wedding night that's long and hard	A new last name!
What do you call someone with no body and just a nose	No body knows!
What is the most romantic city in England	Loverpool!
What's your favorite terraria boss	Mine is the enderdragon
What do you call a Christian who fell down the stairs	A couple of steps closer to their final destination.
What do the Kardashians and penises have in common	They are both stuck up cunts
What do you call an edited series of MILF videos	A Momtage
What has 4308 eyes, 28957 legs, and 398503 teeth	I don't know, but if you see it, RUN!
What's the difference between an elephant and a piece of paper	You can't make a paper aeroplane out of an elephant !
What do you call the deaf man with no limbs	Whatever you want.
What does the KKK use to bake cookies	White flour!
What did the janitor say when he came out of the closet	Supplies!!!
What do pizza delivery drivers and gynecologist shave in common	They both have to smell it but never get to eat it
What is the Technical name For IronMan Overreacting	Fe"" male
What's Chinese and climbs the Empire State Building	Ping Pong
What do you call a kid that stands up to bullies	An ambulance.
What did the triangle need to do before he could get a loan	He needed somebody to cosine.
What do you throw a drowning guitarist	His amp.
What did they call Postman Pat after he retired	Pat
What is a pirates favorite file type	.rar
What's the best part about gardening	Getting down and dirty with your hoes.
What do you call an old skeleton's jokes	*Dry humer!*
Whats green and fuzzy and can kill you if it falls from a tree	A pool table
What's the best thing about Sweden	Well, their flag is a big plus...
What do you call a blind german	A not-see.
What is black, heavy, and can't swim	A grand piano.
What television show best describes a mothers virginity	Lost
What do you call a snail on a ship	A snailor!!
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Quattro Sinko
What do you call a Jewish New Zealander	Hebrew
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Guurrhggrgrh
What did Obi-Wan Kenobi say to the guy at the liquor store	Only a Sith deals in Absolut.
What did the baby say to its mom after breastfeeding	Thanks for the mammaries!
What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield	Its butt.
What has 5 arms and rocks	Def Leppard
What does Sean Connery surf on the Internet	Reddish.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay
What did the philosopher say to his coworker	Cleanup on the detergent aisle
What do Trump and an Aluminum can have in common	They easily get bent out of shape...
What do you call a bee that never dies	A zomBEE!
What Did The Egg Say To the Boiling Water	I just got laid by a chick, its gonna take me a while to get hard.
What do tofu and dildos have in common	They serve as makeshift substitutes for people who have forsaken meat.
What's another name for a chicken testicle	Fowl Ball
What do you call a gay tramp	Hobosexual
What should you do if you find the corpse of a raped woman in the woods	Check your bearings, you're going in circles.
What did the samurai do...	Q: What did the samurai do when he was dishonored by his inability to complete the crossword puzzle? A: He committed ritual sudoku.
What do you call an old-school CIA agent who believes his work is none of the public's goddamn business	A Pte-redact-yl
What kind of fish is made of two sodium atoms	2 Na
What do you call alien life on Europa	European. Credit to Neil Degrasse Tyson on the Late Show
What happened to the frog who parked illegally	he got toad
What do you call a grammar Nazi in 2016	An alt-writer.
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches! Thought you all would like this one.
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About 6 beers.
What did 1 lesbian bullfrog say to the other lesbian bullfrog	They're right we do taste like chicken!
What's the difference between a Youtuber and a hooker	Both are getting fucked, but the hooker's still getting paid.
What do you call a nut that can't talk	Nutin special. Credit to my 8 year old daughter who made that one up.
What's worse than stubbing your toe	The Holocaust
What happens when people settle for a shitty situation	They're citizens of the So-be-it Union.
What does apathy sound like	I'm Ellen Pao, AMA
What is woman spelled backwards	Kitchen
What do you get when you cross Groot with Santa	A Giving Christmas Tree
What Does A Ghost Cow Say	Moo!
What an upset manly clock with boobs says to another manly clock with boobs who doesn't arrives in time for their homossexual dating	You man nipple lated me
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologize.
What do you get when you cross Rogaine with Viagra	Don King
What did one fetus say to the other	Guess were wombmates! *drops mic*
What does a Canadian hipster say	meh"".
What if aliens are responsible for global warming	And this is just their way of breaking the ice.
What kind of furniture do pigs like best	Overstuffed.
What is green and slimy and smells like bacon	Kermit the frog's finger...
What is the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	I don't fuck a sandwich before eating it.
What did the bartender ask Charles Dickens when he ordered a martini	Olive or Twist.
what do they call a hot looking girl who will love you and stay devoted to you forever	let me know once you find one
What do a call a blonde that dyes her hair brown	Artificial Intelligence.
Whats the difference between a zippo and a hippo	One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What happens when you give Sigmund Freud and Oedipus a bunch of cocaine	A mother fucking awesome party.
What do you call a cow that starts it's own nudie magazine	Hugh Heifer
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	I ain't got cats in my bank account.
What can't you hide in a basement full of dead hookers	My erection
What is the world coming to	Youporn
What does a spanish programmer program in	Si++
What do challah and martial arts have in common	Judo
What do you call a Spanish midget	A paragraph. Because he's not a full essay.
What is the favorite sex position of James Bond	69 - she **shakes** and he **stirs**.
What do you call a college scholarship for a black guy	all of them.
What part of a vegetable can't you eat	The wheelchair.
What do you call a plan to exterminate Hipsters	The Vinyl solution.
what do you get when you spell dyslexia gangnam style	sexilady!
What do a dildo and soybeans have in common	They're both used as a meat substitute.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary Clinton after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What is 6.9	Good sex interupted by a period
What did the old Kentucky colonel say when he got his Viagra	The south shall rise again!
What did the fish say when it ran into a wall	Dam!!
What is something that tastes better than it smells	A tongue
What do you get if you cross a cat with a tree	A cat-a-logue !
What do you say when your mom walks in on you fapping	C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!
What does a blonde and a tornado have in common	They both start blowing but in the end they take everything from you.
What illness do you diagnose a sick ass online bowling player with	E-bowla!
What's the difference between a woman and a PC from 1995	A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies.
What made the New Mexican sad	He was out of meth.
What do bees do with their honey	They cell it.
What do the French call artificial feet for cats	Faux Paws
What do Mexican jokes have in common with black jokes	Once you know Juan, you know Jamal
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support, people are going to think we're nuts!
What's the most awkward moment for Jesus during sex	When they scream his fathers name.
What cloud is so lazy because it will not get up	-Fog
What do you say to a person at a funeral held at 10 A.M.	Good mourning.
What do you call the father of a frog that is in the early stages of its life	*A Dadpole*
What do you call a Scottish man with no arms and no legs	a bell.
What does spinach and butt sex have in common	When they are forced on you as a child you resent them as an adult
what did they call the hooker who only slept with vegetarians	a herbiwhore
What do you call a black man on the ISS	An astronaut.
What's the difference between a duck and a curling iron	A duck is a carbon-based life form while a curling iron is an inanimate appliance
What do you call a female peacock	A peacunt
What do you call a disembodied nose	Nobody nose. My 8-year-old niece claims she made this up. I have my doubts.
Q: What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball	A: A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
What Hogwarts house was the Big Bad Wolf in	Hufflepuff
What does a lawyer say to another lawyer	We are both a lawyer.
What did the Boston Marathon bombers do that Hitler couldn't	successfully end a race.
What did the pre-school math teacher have to say about her students	Every single one counts.
What do you call a crushed angle	A rektangle.
What kind of dog is the smartest	A great brain!
What is the gender of Iron Man	Fe Male
What kind of food can you color with	A cranberry! ~ Esher (my Grandson) age 5
What did the conceited man say while he stood on the north pole	The earth revolves around me.
What's a hipster's favorite kind of cigarette	Yours.
What did the duck say to the cashier after she purchased some lipstick	Just put it on my bill
What would Marilyn Monroe be doing if she were alive today	Clawing at the inside of her coffin.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You may think R, but a pirates first love will always be the C.
Whats a caged animal's favorite food	Zoocchini
What is a Latino gang member's favorite type of exam	Essay
What's the best part of sex with a transvestite	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What do you call a smart mexican	Sherlock, Holmes.
What is M. Night Shamalan's favorite game	Twister.
What is Hitler's favorite drink	genocider
What do you get when you cross a lion with a stone	Killed.
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I have never payed for a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese.
What has a slice of burnt toast and a pregnant girlfriend got in common	In both cases you wish you took it out a few seconds earlier.
What do you call a person who sexually identifies as a Xenomorph	An alie-kin
What do you call a Yugoslavian Pimp	Yasalivason Medickubitch
What would you get if you crossed a skunk with a type of Easter candy	Smelly beans!
What do they do in West Virginia for Halloween	Pump Kin
what does a nosey peper do	gets jalapeno buisness.
What do you call a chinese food truck	A Wok in the Park
What's the difference between... What's the difference between dubstep and a fish on the floor	Nothing as long as you drop the bass.
What do you call a Grizzly bear with no teeth	A Gummy Bear!
What's long, hard, and has cum in it	A cucumber. edit: words
What is the fiercest flower in the garden	The tiger lily !
What do you call an Irishman sitting on your front porch	Paddy O'Furniture
Q: What kind of bees make milk	A: Boo-Bees
What do you call it when Hitler is constipated	Ow-shits
What's a pig's favourite casino game	Porker.
What's brown, sticky and runs down your leg	Chocolate Ice Cream in July!
What is the difference between a black man and an elevator	An elevator can raise a child.
What did Cinderella say when say got to the ball	*choking sound*
What do you call a guy who has sex with bums	A hobosexual.
What did the diabetic's girlfriend call him as pet name	Sweet pee.
What is Britain's most popular newspaper amongst breastfeeding mothers	The Daily Express.
What do you get when you cross Hitler with a black woman	Aw sieg heil no!
What did Obe Wan say to Skywalker when he was teaching him table manners	Use the forks Luke.
What did Spock find in the toilet of the Starship Enterprise	The Captain's Log.
Whats it called when batman leaves church early	Christian Bale
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died	The Dashboard
What is a person with epilepsy's favourite salad	Chicken Seizure Salad.
What did one pizza tell the other pizza	A cheesy pun.
What's the difference between going into a sewer system and the government buildings	They're both full of shit, but the government's got more assholes.
What do the American dollar and the American dress size have in common	Both have had to adjust for inflation.
What's the difference between Roast Beef and Pea Soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What's the most popular sexual activity among Manitoban horses	(NSFW) Whinny-pegging!
What's the difference between a drummer and a toilet	The toilet only has to take shit from one asshole at a time. . .
What happened to the plant in math class	It grew square roots.
What do police and my laundry detergent not have in common	One protects all colors.
What is a caterpillar afraid of	a dogerpillar. Sorry. It was so bad that I had to share it. Fuck you Laffy Taffy.
What did the pirate name his pet clam	Michelle
What do you call a black priest	Holy Shit
What's Chris Brown's favourite drink	Punch
what did the zombie say when he prank-called someone	deez gutz
What did drunk say to the blonde	Nice ass.
What's the difference between a church and a mosque	In a church you see pew, pew pew. In a mosque you hear pew pew pew.
WHAT KIND OF BAND PLAYS SNAPPY MUSIC	A RUBBER BAND.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work	A unemployed male college graduate.
What's the worst thing your wife can do while you're having sex	Come home early.
What's the difference between me and my couch	My couch pulls out
What's Hitler's favorite thing in the ocean	Adolfin! Where does he go to see them? NotSea World
What do Nazi pilots eat for breakfast	Luftwaffles
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I cant jelly my dick in your ass
What happens when the smog/fog/smoke over Los Angeles lifts	You see L.A.
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball	She choked.
What was the best part about Narcos Season 2	[SPOILERS] Tata, Pablo Escobar
What do you call war fought with bees	...Beeological Warfare
What do you call a beaten up pretzel	A salted pretzel
What do you call someone who pushes people down stairs	A stairorist.
What do you do with a dead chemist	Barium.
What do you get when you cross a rooster and an owl	A cock that stays up all night.
What is a guy who rubs bear toes called	Rob...wait for it... erto! Rubeartoe!
What's a poor person favorite meal	Sleep.
What do you call a theft by a stumbling person	A lumberjack.
What do you say to an art student with a job	Uhh, I would like the Quarter Pounder with Cheese
What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal and a lobster with a boob job	One's a crusty bus station.
What's better than winning a gold medal at the special Olympics	Not being retarded
What's the most disloyal animal to it's mate	A cheetah.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	Snowballs.
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About six beers.
What do you call a bunch of Jews in a concert	A Moshe Pit
What's the cheapest concert you can go to	50 cent feat. Nickelback.
What is a video game characters favorite method of brawling	Hitboxing!
What do gay cows eat	Haaaaayyyy(gay voice)
What hotel does Link always ask for	HYATT
What do you call a bunch of rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hairline.
What do you call a prostitue from Maui	Hana Ho
What military rank do you hold while using a pay toilet	Lieutenant
What would you call it if Hitler was mad	inFUHRERiated.
What is the 2nd worst reason to become a historian	A. To find evidence of time travel. What is the worst reason to become a historian? To find evidence of your own time travel adventures
What do you say to a urinating Italian	You're-a-pee'n
what did the police do when they wanted to interrogate mark	question mark.
Q: What lives in the sea and yells	A: A clam shouter.
What's the difference between a whore and a prostitute	One of them is a paid professional and the other one's your mom.
What do you call somebody who is anti-vaccines	An idiot, just a god damn idiot.
What did the Mexican guy get for Christmas	His verdict.
What does Belathor call his balls	His treasures.
What's the difference between Mic Jagger and a Scotsman	Mic Jagger says ""Hey you, get off of my cloud"". A Scotsman says ""Hey, McLeod! Get off of my ewe!
What's the hardest part of a vegatable to eat	The wheelchair.
What does santa do with a lazy reindeer	Sleighs 'em
What do you call a dictator running a bookshop	The Supreme Reader.
What is Kim Jong Un's favourite video game	Duke Nukem.
What did one guy at a gay bar say to the other guy	Can I push your stool in? I just wanted to note that my ten year old brother told me this joke.&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
What do you call it when someone steals your footrest	Grand Theft Ottoman
What do you call two skunks sixty-nining	Odor eaters.
What do thanksgiving dinner and the refugee crisis in Europe have in common	Turkey and grease
What is the greatest part about women's hockey	Their pads last for three periods
What do you call it when you have sex to Scott Joplin music	A maple leaf shag!
What do you use when you have dry eyes	Moist-your-eyes-er
What does the CEO of Keurig have in common with ISIS	They both hate the French press
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his cheeks Both of them
What do you a call girl with a saggy vagina shaking her booty	Beef twerky.
What do you tell the teenage mutant ninja turtle Raphael when he picks up a miniature version of his weapons	Those are the wrong Sais.
What was Hitler's favorite animal	*Nnnnnnnnnnnnnneeiiiinnnnnnnnn*
What's a neckbeard's favourite disease	M'laria.
What did Father Buffalo say to Child Buffalo as he left for school	Bison.
What does a mobster buried in cement eventually become	A hardened criminal.
What type of objects do not accelerate, regardless of the force applied	Letterhead and envelopes. No matter how hard you try, they remain stationery!
What do Justin Timberlake and Theon Greyjoy have in common	A dick in a box
Q: What's the difference between Janet Reno and a school bus driver	A: The bus driver stops to let the kids out.
What is an elephants favourite film	Elephantasia
What's 18 inches long and never gets used	Leonardo DiCaprio's acceptance speech.
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	You don't cry when you cut up a hooker.
What do Nascar and a Kinko's dumpster have in common	They're both filled with white trash. -&amp;y
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Gag
What if ISIS started claiming responsibility for nice things like when my mom says, ""who emptied the dishwasher	!
What is the difference between a whore and a bitch	A whore will have sex with anybody, a bitch will have sex with anybody except you.
Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor	A: A pachydermatologist.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your cock into a girls mouth. -the daily show
What's an epileptic persons favorite appetizer	Seizure Salad.
What is the last thing on a Mosquito's mind when it hits a car windshield	It's Asshole.
What do you call drawings of dog poop that don't have outlines	Dog turds without borders
What did the Nazi boy say to his sweetheart	I reich you.
What are the four most common types of states of matter	Solid, gas, liquid and Black Lives.
What's an Impressionist's favorite condiment	Manet's.
[Siri Beta] What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with an alien	A mars-upial
What do you call a gay fascist leader	A Dicktaker
What do you call a holy man who works at McDonald's	A Friar
What do you call a cow with no legs	My severely diabetic sister.
What's 7-1	A national disappointment.
What gets larger every time I see my Girlfriend	My credit card bill.
what do you call the space between kim kardashian's breasts	silicon valley
What's the difference between a girl's track team and a village of pygmies	One's a bunch of cunning runts.....
What do you hear if you hold a kebap to your ear	The silence of the lambs
What did the lucky butter say	I'm on a roll!
What do you call one bunch of woodland creatures complimenting another bunch of woodland creatures over their newly formed religion	Constructive Critter Schism
What is Wilford Brimley's favorite band	The Beatis.
What did the children with no arms and legs get for Christmas	Cancer
What do you call an octopus that loves jokes	A knock-knocktopus.
What do you call a blue-eyed blonde that doesn't eat meat	A vegetaryan
What do you call a man with no will to live	Willis.
What do you get when you mix Fascism and Communism	I don't know, that's why I was asking you.
What's in a Paul Walker shot	An Irish car bomb followed by a shot of Fireball
What did the termite say to the chair	.... It was nice knawing you.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	you can keep the tip.
What did one Jersey girl's leg say to the other	Nothing - they've never met.
What do you call the Mother Superior of a corrupt convent	Nun the Wiser
What do you call a British midget mother who can barely support her family	Mini-Mum
Q:What is the only NFL team whose players have undergone a sex change operation	A: the Ben-gals
What did Jay-Z call Knowles before getting married	his biancee
What does a dirty hippie say after you ask him to get off your couch	Namaste
What does Hitler say when he gets a charlie horse	*Mein Krampf!*
What's the Russian word for water	Vodka
What do you get if you cross a newsreader and a toad	A croaksman !
What's black and blue all over and hates sex	The five year old in my trunk.
Whats the difference between a pizza and a jew	Pizzas dont scream when you put them in the oven...
What makes a little bit of sense, but you'll never understand	Hobos
What type of Bees provide millk	Boobees (boobies)
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a lentil on my face.
What kind of fabric does Mario use	Denim denim denim.
What's an 80 year old pussy smell like	Depends!
What cheese do you use to hide a horse	Mascarpone!
What do you call a gay person from Wisconsin	A Dairy Queen
What's the difference between a good Samaritan and a Jew	A good Samaritan means well, whereas a Jew is just well, mean.
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car	Carlos!!
What is the left side of an apple	The part that you don't eat.
What do you get when you cross Tom Cruise with nails	A cruiseifixion.
What is the name of that disgusting, hairy and mostly useless piece of flesh that dangles around the vagina	Your mom.
What is the similarity between Caps Lock and prison	They both turn ""o"" into ""O"".
What did the cancerous contractor say to his apprentice	Avoid the insulation asbestos you can.
What do you get if you breed a Green Lantern, a car and an atheist	Willing suspension of disbelief
What did the brown dwarf say to the bartender	I'd like a Corona, please.
What did the farmer say when the townspeople told him all of his cows were in town..	I herd.
What do you call a cannibal who only eats comatose people	A vegetarian.
What did the hamburger name his daughter	Patty.
What joke did drake get when talking to diddy	The punchline
What is the definision of mixed feelings	When your wife says that you have the largest in your street.
What's black on the outside and white on the inside	Whitney Houston's nose
What do you call a Spaniard kissing a door	A Conquistador!
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WATAAAAAAAAAR
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	tennish
What do you call two physicians	Paradox.
Q: What's long and hard and has cum in it	A: a cucumber
What do women and fly wire have in common	The more you bang them, the looser they get.
What do you call alternative medicine that works	Medicine.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a French girl	You can only fit three fingers in a bowling ball.
What does the son of God do when he is the victim of medical malpractice	Jesus
What's a good pickup line in a New Age bar	I bet it's really nice to be Enya.
What did the photocopier say about its favorite purchased song	That's my pay-per jam.
What is the most well-known joke of Heni Patel, the famous comedian from the sub-continent	Take my wife ... if you would be so kind!
What do you call all of Trump's failed businesses arranged in a circle	Orange
What do you call Protestants who want to save a dime	Econoclasts.
What kind of karate do Rabbis know	Jew Jitsu.
What do monsters play when they are in the bus	Squash.
What is brown and screams	Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
What's the difference between a voyeur and a thief	A thief snatches your watch.
What branch of the military are horses in	The NaaaaayyyVY
What do Kim Jong-un and a penis shaped potato have in common	One is a dictator, the other is a dick-tater.
What is love	The energy of life. What is marriage? The energy bill ...
What did Mike Meyers say to Eddie Murphy after Eddie bought him a brand new Mercedes	DANKE!
What do you call a man with no arms or legs... ... sitting at your door	Matt. ...floating in your pool? Bob. ...hanging on your wall? Art. ... water skiing? Skipper.
What did the ill kitty say to the playful puppy	Not right meow, I have a headache.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	a pilot, you racist
Whats the difference between a woman and a computer	A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies
What is your favorite ""There are two kinds of people..."" joke	My favorite is ""There are two kinds of people...those who cheat at 7-up, and god damned liars.
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pumpkin
What's the difference between an Aboriginal and a park bench	~~A park bench can support a a family~~ One you sit on and the other is a park bench.
What kind of people like Scottie's hair	Chubby 7th grade girls!
What do you call an old soldier who has been sprinkled in salt and pepper	A seasoned veteran.
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Phelps can finish a race.
What are the chemicals in a midget's body that make them happy	En-dwarf-ins
What is Anon's favorite coding language	Fortran
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	You only need one nail to hang a picture! Happy Easter!
What do you call a cow stable in Egypt	A Mubarack
What do you call two bees at the seaside	A B&amp;B
What do you call a surfer who loves Muhammad	A radicalized Muslim braaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND EEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What do black men hear most after sex	Back to your cell, inmate.
What do you call two turds getting intimate in heaven	Holy Fucking Shit.
What kind of candy is Hitler	A Jew-breaker!
What if Titanic was real and not just a movie	Crazy to think about
What do you call a Russian ninja	Shneakoff ( I apologise, this is my first ever post so I'm using that as my excuse)
What did one cow say to the other	Just the udder day!
What did the deaf, blind, mute, handicapped kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
what's the difference between peanut butter and jam	Well I can't peanut butter my dick up ur ass.
What is Eminem's favourite food	wraps
What do American Beer and sex in a canoe have in common	They're both f*cking close to water. [Joke courtesy of Zane Lamprey on an episode of Three Sheets]
What gets bigger every time I watch my neighbor undress in her bedroom window	The restraining order
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic	Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a girl from Alabama who's faster than her brothers	A virgin
What's the best thing about dark humor	People don't take it lightly.
Whats the least paying job	British dentist.
What do a Bernie Sanders supporter, a Cross-Fitter, and a person with Herpes have in common	They all ""Feel The Burn!
What shark has the most privilege	A great white!
What do ISIS and Little Miss Muffet have in common	They both have Kurds in their way.
What's grosser than gross	2 eels screwing in a bucket of snot.
What did one candle say to the other	Don't birthdays burn you up?
What do you call a gnome that muffs a fairy	Goblin....
What's the difference between your wife and your job	After 5 years your job still sucks.
What kind of tie is best to wear in a fight	Muay Thai
What does it mean when a man is in your bed, gasping for air, and calling your name	You didn't hold down the pillow for long enough.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothin, you've already told her twice!
What did the Doctor say to the midget in the waiting room	You're going to have to be a little patient
What Counting system does Valve use	Trinary
What did batman say to robin	Q. What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? A. ""Get in the car, Robin"" Source http://badkidsjokes.tumblr.com/
What was Jesus never thankful for	Fridays.
What does a silver medalist and a pedophile have in common	They both come in just a little behind.
What did Drake Bell say to Batman	Sorry, still calling you Bruce! I found this on Facebook somewhere; I dunno who to get credit to.
What's the difference between period blood and sand	You can't gurgle sand.
What was the weather like at the rap concert	There was a Lil Wayne.
What do Princess Diana, Kurt Cobain, and Pink Floyd all have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What do cows usually fly around in	Helicowpters and Bulloons.
What do you do if someone is having a seizure in the bathtub	Throw your laundry in.
What do you call a wizard holding a teacup	A saucer-er!
What's the difference between a 4 year old boy and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
What did the constipated mathematician do	He sat down and worked it out with a pencil.
What did the penis say to the condom	Cover me, i'm going in.
Whats red and smells like blue paint	Red paint :)
What's a terrible plate pun	dish one.
What did the newsletter say to the other newsletter when he asked for help	Bro sure!
What do you call a gay man on roller skates	Rollaids
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea	I've never paid 50 bucks to have a garbanzo on my face.
What is worse than raining cats and dogs	Raining elephants !
What do you call it when someone is raped by a bunch of ghosts	Boo-kakke
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	I can't make a vitamin
Whats the difference between a woman president and pizza	Most people like the idea of pizza better.
What are Benedict Cumberbatch's fans called	Cumberbitches.
What's the best part about abortions	They never get old
What do fish do when they have cancer	Nemotherapy
What do... A grape and a bunny rabbit have in common	They're both purple. Except for the bunny rabbit.
what is green and has wheels	A frog, I lied about the wheels.
What does Walter White say when he tells a knock-knock joke	I am the one who Knock-knocks.
What is Cab Calloway's favorite type of humor	'scat'alogical
What kind of chili do they serve at the cannibal prison	? Chili CON Carne!
What's brown, black and blue and lays at the bottom of a ditch	A brunette that's told one too many blonde jokes.
What's the difference between a tuna a piano and a pot of glue..	You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna What about the pot of glue reddit will ask. Hahahahaha I knew you'd get stuck there
What happened to the ice cube	It came straight outta Compton's glass.
What is the definition of a minor 2nd chord	Two flutists playing in unison.
What's infinity minus one	A sideways seven.
What's a vampire's favorite dance	The Fang Tango.
What is the temperature of the average coffin	6 Below
What's a 68 to a blonde	She goes down on you and you owe her one
What's the difference between feminists and a pencil	A pencil has a point.
What came first the chicken or the egg	The chicken, eggs don't cum.
What did the lieutenant vulture say to the enlisted vultures who stopped eating a dead cow to salute	Carrion.
What do you call a horny Catholic	A firm believer.
What does a Chicago cop say after emptying his clip into a fleeing suspect	Stop. Police.
What's the best side of the house to build a deck on	The outside
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid money for a garbanzo to bean on me.
What's the difference between a tumblrite and a coprolite	Their age.
what's the best part about eating out your... nsfw ....grandma	you can suck her tits at the same time!
What did one British tampon say to the other British tampon	We're bloody-well stuffed.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his arse
What do you get when you mix a black man with microwave chicken	(May be offensive) Mike Tyson
What political party does Donald Trump belong to	The Whig Party
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile! XD
What do you call it when a midget realizes he's gay	Coming out of the cupboard.
What does the L in Samuel L Jackson stand for	Motherfucking
What did the overly excited gardener do when spring arrived	He wet his plants.
What do we want	CLICKBAIT When do we want it? The answer will shock you.
What's the height of conceit	Having an orgasm and calling out your own name.
What's it called when a 12 year old African boy that's crying	A mid-life crisis
What do you call a sextape with a 60 year-old man in it	Flappy Bird. ^I'll ^excuse ^myself ^now
What does love mean to a tennis player	Nothing
What do you get when you put semen in a bat	Abasement.
What do you call a man with no shins	Toe-Knee
What does an octopus have ten of	Tickles...
What did the tumblr user do when she got arthritis	Massage a knee.
What is the best armor for sneaking	Leather, it's made of hide.
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a pedophile	Alien vs Predator
What do ""Jingle Bells"" sung by Mike Tyson and a green and red g-string have in common	They're both Christmith Thongs.
What do you get when you run over a goose	Goose bumps.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	Give me a few minutes to get hard, I just got laid.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowomen	Snowballs.
What's similar between an elephant and a plum	They're both grey except for the plum.
What does the hot dog say when it crosses the finish line	I'm the wiener!
What's the best thing about deadly snakes	They've got poisonality !
What is the best way to cut a mango	With a knife!
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Santa	Santa stops at 3 'Ho's'
What did the footballer's girlfriend think when she saw him standing between some goal posts	He's a keeper
What is Forest Gump's Email password	1Forest1
What do you call it when a doctor has sex with a quarantined patient	Sick Fuck.
What is the dogs favourite city	New Yorkie !
What do a priest and a swimmer who came in second have in common	The both came in a little behind
What do you call an alligator with a map	A Navigator.
What do you call a giant elephant mafia boss that owns slaves	Masta-Don.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE
What do you call a house that changes every month	A Werehouse.
What is the definition of ""indefinitely""	When your balls slap your girlfriend's ass, you know you're in definitely.
What do books have that Mexicans don't	Papers.
What did the cervix say when the penis asked about the sex party	If you're in, hymen!
What's cooler than Obama	Snowbama
What do you call a man with 3 testicles	Whodyanickabollockoff
What's another name for a prosthetic patella	Faux-knee
What does a duck call a tractor	A quacktor
What do you get when you cross a bear and a spider	A six-legged, honey-lovin', web-spinnin' **freak!**
What picture does a cup get when it goes to prison	A MUGshot.
What's the difference between a Canadian woman and a moose	50 pounds and a flannel.
What did the artist say to himself before drawing his first penis	I'm gonna have to think long and hard about this one.
What Do You Call An Asian Billionare	Cha Ching
What happened when pigs started flying	Everyone got swine flu
What does your mom and your driveway have in common	They both have a GARBAGE box.
What's the difference between hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber!
What did the angry octopus say to the octopus that made him mad	POW POW POW POW POW POW POW POW Right in the kisser!
What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind when he hits the windshield	His ass.
What's worse than a cardboard box	Paper tits
What do gay Russian partners call each other	Cumrade
What did the body builder say when he saw he was out of protein powder	No whey!
What do you call a dog with no legs	You don't call him anything, we both know that he's not coming
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans cant milk a cow for 14 years.
What do people do for a party itinerary in the Jersey Shore	Gym.Tan.Laundry.
What has 400 legs and 23 teeth	The front row of a Trump rally
What do vampires cross the sea in	Blood vessels.
What do you call a dehydrated French man	Pee Air
What's the difference between hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber.
What kind of bathroom does Napoleon use	A Waterloo
What type of drink do gay nazis hate	Juice
What are the two things someone with a face tattoo never hears	You're hired"" ""Not guilty
What's a Muslim's favourite musician	Shari'ah Carey
What do they leave on your pillow at a bordello in Dijon, France	Condom-Mints
What is Donald Trump's least favorite Candy	Jelly Beaners
What would MLK be if he was alive	White
What did the sushi say to the bee	Wasabi I'll let myself out now.
What's a sheep's favourite band	Ewe 2
What's the difference between 365 used condoms and a tire	One's a goodyear and the other is a great year.
What's the most important part of a vegetable's golf stats	The handicap.
What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls	Rick O'Shea.
What's upside down and downside up at the same time	A kid with cerebral palsy living in Australia
What do people say when Batman skips Church	Christian Bale
What is the difference between a girl in a church, and a girl in a bathtub	The girl in the church has hope in her soul, and the girl In the bathtub has soap in her hole.
What's the difference between a four year old and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
What's the best thing about having sex with Twenty Five year olds	There's 20 of them.
What did one steak say to another	Nice to meat you
What is a Viking's favorite music	Ragnarock
What's the most romantic pasta	Farfalle. It always gives me butterflies in my stomach.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly this joke onto /r/jokes everyday
What do you call a group of people from Idaho	Deydahoes.
What do you call a chinese crab who just got dumped	A frustacean
What did one sub-orbital jet propulsion engineer say to the other	This ain't exactly rocket science.
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	If you have Bird Flu, you need tweetment. If you have Swine Flu, you need oink-ment.
What do you call someone who can't find a job	A Psych major. (Pls list your own response - if you're awake and in America at this time, you should have a pretty good one). Thanks.
What sort of soup do skeletons like	One with plenty of body in it.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker, and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits
What do an elephant and an apricot have in common	They're both grey.....................................well except for the apricot.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A Meowntain.
What did the robot say to the centipede	Stop being a centipede."" Get it, because the robot has no arms! Hahhahaha, gets me everytime.
What should we name this ancient Japanese throwing knife	A: Let's just name it the first thing that comes to mind, think you can handle that? B: Sure I can.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never paid good money for a lentil on my chest. ( credit to the guy who told this on tv Fri night )
What do a basketball player and a beer brewer have in common	They both have hops.
What does the date inside of a wedding ring stand for	best before...
What do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle	Wipe it off and say you're sorry.
Q: What do you get when you cross a Pentium PC  with a research grant	A: A mad scientist.
What is it called when you are arrested for drunk driving and you extremely regret it	DU-WHY?!
What did the snake day to Adam after he bit the apple	You owe Eve an O.
What kind of tea do koalas drink	Euca-lipton
Whats another term for acid	Its on the tip of my tongue...
q: what's green and yellow and hangs from trees	a: gorilla snot.
What is Hodor's favorite cereal	Raisin Bran.
What did the doe say when she came out of the woods	I'm never doing that for two bucks again!
What do hospitals and refrigerators have in common	If you pull the plug, the vegetables start to decompose.
What involves a man and two women, and doesn't even last a minute	A Ronda Rousey fight.
What did the college student say to a banker	I am forever in your debt.
What is a toad's favorite genre of music	Hip hop.
What did the orphan get for Christmas	Nothing.  Because he's Jewish.
whats brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr Dre
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef. What do you call a cow with two legs? Your mom
What's the difference between unlawful and illegal	One is against the law and the other is a sick bird.
What do you call Q: what do you call a gay goat	A: a Faggoat
What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie	It's fucking Frozen!!!!!
What does it take to have a Beatles reunion	2 more bullets
What's the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	You can't hear an enzyme
What is a zombie's favorite cereal	Raisin brain.
What do you call a midget in a hospital waiting room constantly complaining about how long he's been waiting	Imp-Patient!
What do you call an unsweetened, kosher lemonade	acidic juice
What do you call an economics lecturer	Prof. it
What's the difference between your mom and a condom	A condom wasn't on my dick last night!
What's worse than a pedophile	A fucking pedophile.
What is a German's favorite Pokemon	NEINtales
What do you get if you cross the Titanic with The Sixth Sense	Icey dead people.
What do you call a gay drive by	A fruit roll up.
What begins with 'R' and ends with a sentence	Rape
What's the weather like in Iraq	Sunni in the North Shiite in the South.
What kind of cell phone doesn't have a lock	A Nokia
What do you call a bird of prey with high intelligence	A falcon genius.
What do you call a Kardassian on a boat	...A sea Gul
What did the IT guy say when he threw RAM sticks at the stripper	RAMs a make a dance!
What is a Men's Rights activist's idea of foreplay	Trying to argue a prostitute into accepting a credit card.
What do white nationalists call three left turns	An alt-right
What time does Sean Connery arrive at the Wimbledon	Tennish.
What's the problem with a Jewish football team	you're gonna need a new squad as soon as soon as they hit the showers
Q: What do you call a laughing motorcycle	A: A Yamahahaha
What do you call a Viking pop band with a big gay following	The Pillage People.
What does a dog do that a man steps in	Pants
What's worse than morning wood	Mourning wood
What does the NFL and Broke Back Mountain have in common	Cowboys that suck.
What do you call two mexicans playing tennis	Juan on Juan.
What do errant Jewish golfers shout	Three ninety eight!
What happened to the guy who grabbed the Viagra instead of the Allegra	...he had a hard time with his allergies
What's the difference between an onion and a dead whore	I cried when I cut up the onion. (Jack the Ripper)
What did the guy say after he finished jacking off	Well that got a load off my mind.
What do you call a zombie musician	A decomposer.
what is the disease that killed princes diana	Car pole tunnel syndrome
What did one giant squid say to the other giant squid	What's Kraken!
What did the grape say when I stepped on it	Nothing, but it gave up a little whine.
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef strokinoff
What does IRE-1 say to XBP1 mRNA	Prepare to get RIDD of your intron.
What's more disgusting than a hickey on a haemorrhoid	The girl who puts it there.
What do you call someone who doesn't like food fights	A pasta-fist.
What's do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhino	'ell if I know.
What is cold, grey, and ugly	Me after I take all the Nyquil and die. Also, Janet Reno.
What is it	What's black and blue and doesn't like sex? The fat kid in my trunk.
What's green, slimey and smells like pork	Kermit's finger.
What is the equivalent to Area-51 in Canada	Area-51, A
What did the secretary say to Bill Clinton after his inauguration speech	Wow, that was quite a mouthful.
What's the difference between your wife and your job	After five years your job will still suck.
What did the cell say when its sister stepped on it's toe	Mitosis!
What's a caterpillar afraid of	A dogerpillar (Thank you Laffy Taffy for the ~~worst~~ best joke I've ever heard)
What is the speed limit of sex	68, because at 69 you have to turn around.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	French onion soup.
What do you get when you cross dancing and an act of god	Deus Ex Macarena
What do you call sex with an ex	sex
What be a pirate's favorite letter	Ah, ye'd think it be R matey.... but actually it's the C!
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now	Kids.
What does a Latina like on her bagel	Papi seeds.
What's brown and sticky	Poo!
what's brown and rhymes with snoop	dr. dre
What do Donald Trump's Toupee and a thong have in common	They both barely cover the asshole!
What do FBI agents grill for the 4th of July	Hillary.
What did they call the Pillsbury Doughboy after he hurt his leg	Limp Biscuit
What does getting pregnant and locking your car keys in your car have in common	They can both be fixed with a coat hanger.
What does a nosey pepper do	He's Jalapeno business
What will Russians be cooking for Thanksgiving...	Turkey
What do you call Dementors that breed	Sementors.
What did one eye say to the other	Between you and me there's something that smells.
What's the difference between prayer in church and prayer in a casino	In a casino, you really mean it.
What's brown, long, and sticky	A stick.
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland	It's hard to pick one, but the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a stock market crash in Japan	The ""My Yen"" Apocalypse
What is green and smells like pork	Kermits finger...
What did the fisherman say to the fisherwoman	Your place or mine
What was the yacht doing while it played heavy metal music	Dokken
whats a feminist least favorite football team	MANchester united
What do you call the ghost of a dessert-chef who returns no matter how many times they're exorcised	A boo-meringue
What do Coors Light and sex on the beach have in common	They're both fucking close to water. (credit goes to my dad for this one...)
What are the 7 Irish drinking holidays	Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
What does a suicidal teenager do on the weekends	Hang at home.
What happened when a cannibal went on a  self-catering holiday	He ate himself.
What would happen if you shot Donald Trump in the rump	You'd hit Christi in the head!
What did the Alabama Police officer call the black guy who had been shot 6 times in the head	The worst case of suicide he ever saw
What do you call a person who teaches about Drones	Dronacharya
What's the internal temperature of a tauntaun	Lukewarm.
What do Bill Cosby and Santa Claus have in common	They both come when you're alseep.
What do you call a drug-addicted vampire	Crackula
What do you name a combination Gay Conversion Camp/Coma Ward	Fruits &amp; Vegetables.
What does a tornado and a black person have in common	It only takes one to ruin a good neighbourhood!
What is the fastest animal in the world	The Ethiopian chicken.
What did the people call the bad hot dog stand	The WURST!
What do Winnie the Pooh and Ivan the Terrible have in common	The same middle name. (Shamelessly stolen from Cortana.)
What do you call social networking for magical creatures	Faebook.
What did the Vietnamese sandwich salesman say to the unhappy mod	Banh mi
What country has the highest concentration of pool players	Irack.
What do you call a short psychic who got away with murder	A small medium at large
What do some people have against cheeseburgers	They say 'Burgers can't be cheesy!'
What do you do when your Apple device gets warm	Ask apple to open the backdoor.
What do you call a mexican barber	El Chapo
What do you call a black preist	Holy shit.
What do gay horses eat	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
What's a stoner's favorite cheese	Mun Cheese!
What's common to both Adolf Hitler and Volkswagen	Both of them can kill people with poisonous fumes
Q: What do you get Devin Hester for Christmas	? A: Nothing - he'll just return it!
What do you call someone who is skilled with their mouth	A cunning linguist.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	A doyouthinkhe-saurus
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	Addictionary. ...or a High Definition.
What is invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny Farts.
What do you get when you cross a person and a manatee	HUMANITY! ...And bestiality....
What do you call a witch who only eats sand	Malnourished.
What do you call an object used as seating that can fly	A rocket lawn-chair.
What's the most electronegative state	Fluorida!
What really makes Whinny the Pooh angry	When other people put two fingers in his honey.
What's a mouse's favourite record	Please cheese me !
What did they call Fireman Sam after he retired	That fat, selfish faggot that chose the pension over saving our lives.
What do you call Billy Mays when he says something stupid	An OxyMoron!
What do you call a traveling Pope	A Roamin' Catholic.
What ghost did Ebenezer Scrooge encounter when he refurnished his home	The shadow of his former shelf.
What did the physics professor shout when he disproved Hooke's Law in early to mid March	Spring break!
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic	About halfway
What does Polynomial Man say when you beat him	Youve foiled my plans again!
What's a german's favourite number	Nein
What happens when a fly drinks rum	It gets buzzed!
What do you call a doctor for websites	A URLologist
What type of doctor prescribes Coke and 7-up for a living	A Poptometrist!
What is a thing that Alan Rickman and David Bowie both have in common	It is that they have both recently become deceased.
What's purple-headed and makes women moan	Crib death.
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The Wheelchair
What does NASCAR stand for	Non-athletic-sport-centered-around-rednecks (I heard this forever ago and wanted to share. Sorry if it happens to be a repost.)
What does Hitler drink every morning	Concentrated Jews
What is an archaeologist	Someone who's career is in ruins !
What did one butt cheek say to the other	Together, we can stop this sh*t.
What do you call a gas station that sells crabs	A crustacean.
What do you call a Polish fisherman	A fishing pole.
What is the average lifespan of an owl	A little over 6 books.
What did one Mexican say to the other Mexican	It's four-twenty Juan!
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear	Sneakers.
What's the cheapest type of meat	Deer balls. They're under a buck.
what's the difference between BMW and a Porky Pine	The porky Pine has the prick on the outside.
what colour were Kurt Cobain's eyes	blue one blew this way, one blew that way
whats the definition of a will	(lol come on guys its a dead giveaway)
What drink did Hitler absolutely hate the taste of	Juice.
What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to Death Valley to shoot up	A high low small medium at large.
What did the blind man say to his estranged friend	Long time, no see.
what's Putin having for Christmas	Turkey
What is a black mans favorite Halloween costume	Robbin Hood
What is the difference between a teacher and a train	The teacher says, ""Spit out your gum,"" but a train says, ""Chew chew!
What do you call a group of euphorics	A fedoration.
What OS does an atheist run on their computer	Fedora. [For Linux n00bs](https://getfedora.org/)
What do pirates and pimps have in common	They both say ""YO HO!"" and walk with a limp.
What do older women wear	Depends
What did Bill Clinton say to Monica Lewinsky after getting caught	I told you to lick my erection, not wreck my election"".
What dance did the Rastafarian teach Ash Ketchum	Dah okey pokey mon.
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on a head, I'm gonna give these two a lift.
What is the swamp-dwellers favorite form of extraterrestrial life	the Martians
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer	Mick Jagger says ""Hey (hey) you (you) get off of my cloud..."" the Scottish farmer says ""Hey McCloud get off of my ewe
What was the first thing Abraham Lincoln told his friends when they asked him how he got an STD	Four whore and seven beers ago....
What did the father buffalo say to his son when he left the farm	Bison
What do you call those things that get fluff off a sweater	Women
What do vampires have at eleven o'clock every day	A coffin break.
What's worse than sucking 12 raw oysters out of your grandma's vagina	Realizing you only put in 11
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza	Little Caesars.
What did the pot-head name his son	Bud.
What kind of jeans does mario wear	Denim denim denim
What happened to Casper the friendly ghost after his parents got divorced	His mom got soul custody.
What did the homeless prostitute's boyfriend call her	his hobo
What do you call a female android	Synthia Lmao
What did the blind, deaf, and mute kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What's a baker's biggest fear	Something going a-rye while they're raisin' bread.
What does a French carpenter say when he runs out of nails	I haven't a clous.
What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter	With Twitter the number of characters do not go down with time
What's the loudest thing in the last two Harry Potter films	Deaf Lee's ""HELLO!
What do you call an angry cashew	A pissed-achio.
What is green, has four legs and if it fell out of a tree and landed on you it would kill you	A pool table!
What do black guy's have that is twice the size of white men's, and expands upon contact with a woman	A criminal record.
What did the worm want to do when he grew  up	He wanted to join the Apple Core (Corps).
What did the radiographer call her daughter	Imogen
What do you get when you watch Cinderella backwards	You see a woman learn her place.
What's Father Christmas called when he takes a rest while delivering presents	Santa pause !
What does American Beer and making love on the beach have in common	They're both fucking close to water.
What do you call twin policemen	Copies.
What do you call a really cranky shaman with bad breath and osteoporosis	A Super-calloused-fragile-mystic-hexed-by-halitosis
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A nigga, you occupationalist!
What's the difference between a dead hooker and a Porsche	(Not what you think) I've never been inside a Porsche.
What does a black man do when faced with the death penalty	Nigga pleads.
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose	?? Full
What's the difference between a useless golfer and a useless skydiver	The home golfer goes WHACK! ""Oh no!"" Whereas with the skydiver it's vice versa
What's the chilliest ground in the premiership	Cold Trafford!
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married	Feyonce. *drops mic, throws up dynasty sign*
What do you call a proud Danish countryman	A pastriot.
What do you call pasta from the hood	Spaghetto
What is the cheapest kind of meat you can buy	Deer balls, they're under a buck.
What is the difference between a drug pusher and a prostitute	A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.
What does American beer have in common with making love in a canoe	They're both fucking close to water.
What do you call inexplicably missing aioli	Awoli.
What do you call an Italian guy with a rubber toe	Roberto
What did the bullied microchip say	PIC on someone your own size!
What do you call a stingy douchebag who likes plants	A prick
What do you call a girl with a frog in her  hair	Lily !
What do you do when someone has a seizure in the bathtub	Throw in your laundry!
What's the difference between a lawyer and an onion	You cry when you cut up an onion.
What do you do when your wife starts smoking	Slow down and apply lube
What did the bull say after sleeping with a transexual cow	That was no Miss Steak!
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair...
What do you call a mexican that lost his car	Carlos
What is the biggest joke in the world as of now	The current US presidential election
What dinosaur knows the most words	Thesaurus. :/
What's a nice way to tell someone that you don't want talk while you're working out	It's not ""Shut up, asshole."" Apparently.
What did A and B look for at the beach	A ""C"" gull!
What do Classical musicians do when they die	They decompose.
What did Melania Trump say to her speech writer	Thanks, Obama.
What's the best thing about a penis	Think long and hard before you answer this one.
What do you call a black man that summons the dead	A Nergomancer
What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A flat miner. EDIT: spelling
What kind of bugs bother sporting dogs	Ath-fleats!
What do rich people and bad flossers have in common	Deep pockets.
What happened when the Easter Bunny caught his  head in the fan	It took ears off his life!
What did the man say to his penis when it offered him a fight	Come on then you *little squirt*!
What do you call a guy who works out regularly	Jim.
What's the rate at which racist work is done	Whitepower (Horsepower is the rate at which work is done)
What was Tigger doing in the toilet	Looking for Pooh.
What could Dora the Explorer's kids be called	Doritos
What shoes to chickens wear	Reebok bok bok
What do you call a black man in a ghetto walking around with a boombox on his shoulders	A stereotype
What are the two words men hate most unless used together	Don't Stop
What's a magician's favorite Mexican dish	TosTADA!
What do you call a secret agent running for the bus	A Russian spy.
What do you get if you have unprotected sex in the ear	Hearing AIDS.
What did Jean-Luc Picard say in frustration to the incompetent Singer repairman	Make it *sew*!
What's black, white and red all over	An interracial home abortion.
What's pink and retarded	A Flamongo.
Whats your favourite brand of beer	When i was younger, i used to drink any brand of beer, but now i am older Budweiser
What does a virus call a cluster of stars and gas	Nebola
What noise does a nut make when it has a cold	... CASHEWW!
What do you call the person who sleeps on the wet spot	Overcome
What is a cancer patients favorite bingo number	B9
What do you call an undercover cop	A pig in a blanket.
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas	No one knows, he hasn't opened his presents yet.
What do you call two lonely bastards drinking together	Two bastards.
What do you get when you pour boiling hot water down a rabbit hole at Easter	Hot Cross Bunnies!
What is a short punchy statement	Boxing Midgets.
What's the difference between a cow and September 11	You stop milking a cow after 10 years.
What would you call Vanilla Ice if he was asian	Yellow Snow.
What do Japanese men do when they have an erection	Vote.
What do you call Indian flowers	Patels
What does a robot do after a one night stand	He nuts and bolts
What is a spectre's favorite theme park attraction	The Roller Ghoster
What's the difference between a teabag and the English rugby team	A teabag stays in the cup longer...
What happens when U change position too fast	You get an unpleasant vowel movement.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a gynecologist	A gynecologist will shake a woman's hand before grabbing their pussy.
What kind of memes do Germans like	Danke memes
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom	A pickpocket snatches watches... Edit: Sentence inversion
What would you get if you crossed a witch with a famous movie director	Steven Spellberg!
What did the horny Astronomer say to the telescope	I wanna see Uranus.
What did the eyeball say	Eyes, in deep despair, looking up, said in a passive tone, ""wazzup brow
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter. He can't come anyways.
What's the number for Baltimore chiropractic services	9-1-1
What does my dad do for fun	Beats me  \_()_/
What does Kodak film and a condom have in common	They both capture that special moment
What do cannibals and politicians have in common	They both enjoy handshakes.
What do you call a black person flying a plane	A pilot, you racist piece of shit.
What is a broken drum kit's favorite file format	PDF puh-duh... ffffff
What do you call a drunken asshole	Alcohole.
What do you call peanuts in space	Astronuts!
What do you call a Chinese man allergic to dogs	Starving.
What do Tinder and Seafood restaurants have in common	Both are good places to find Catfish
What did Gandalf say when he tried to shut down Auschwitz	You shall not gas!
What did the stressed-out casino worker say to their boss	I literally cannot deal.
What has tiny balls and screws old ladies	A bingo machine you sick fuck
What's the funniest part of a boxing joke	You'd think it'd be the punchline, but apparently it's funnier when the person feints...
What do you call a woman who can successfully play pool whilst balancing a glass of lager on her head	Beatrix Potter.
What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A-flat miner
What's the difference between an old Greyhound station and a lobster with a double D bra size	One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
What do sexy farmers say all day	Brown-chicken-brown-cow!"" And then they swagger a bit.
What do the USA and a black hole have in common	They both have a problem with mass incarceration.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a duck	A bird that lays down !
What does sex have in common with a savings account... What does sex have in common with a savings account	Answer is: ""You lose interest once you make a withdrawal"".
What did NaCl go to prison for	A-salt
What do identical stars do	Twin-kle
What did the lizard get at home depot	Reptile.
What did the psychic velociraptor say to his friend	Dino what you're thinking.
What does pizza and vagina have in common	They both good hot or cold
What do you call a midget party	...a little get-together.
What do you call a silly, apathetic German boy	Agoofaloofagus
What do you call a feline massage therapist	A cat scratcher.
What is a 6.9	A good thing ruined by a period.
What is the difference between a physicist and a biologist	A physicist is atoms studying themselves, while a biologist is cells that study themselves.
What's the difference between USA and USB	One connects to all your devices &amp; accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard
What are the spookiest sounds	Skeletones.
What do you call a transvestite in Spanish	HERmano
What do you call a reliable coke dealer	Instagram
What is a Muslim's Favorite Dinosaur	?? Allahsaurus!
What did the Australian Chess player say to the waiter	Cheque, mate!
What kind of cheese is best to watch Lost with	Smoked Muenster.
What do you call a prostitute with one leg shorter than the other	A Trampoline.
What kind of weed do muslims smoke	Quranic
What's a telemarketer's favourite element	Scamdium.
What do you call a zoo where the only animal in the entire zoo is a dog	A shitzu.
What do you get if you cross a bottle of water with an electric eel	A bit of a shock really!
What's the difference between Marty McFly and a Bears fan	Eventually, Marty McFly stopped going back to 1985.
What are Mario and Luigis overalls made out of	Denim denim denim
What do Japanese men do when they have an erection	They vote.
What did one plant say to another when it dropped its camera into the sea	Photos-in-the-seas!
What sort of underwear does the ghost of a French baker wear	Boulangerie.
What do you call an Asian lobster	A crustasian
WHATS A HIPPY	? THE THINGY WHERE YOUR LEGGIES HANG FROM
What's the best way to piss off your best friend	Stand on top of his head and make it rain.
whats a pimps favorite cereal	cheeryhoes
What's The Difference Between Donald Trump and a Bucket of Shit	The Bucket!
What's the difference between Nicole Simpson and Princess Dianna	Princess Di was killed ~ by a white man ~ in a black car.
What's the difference between a bag of sugar and a dead baby	I don't use sugar in my signature cookies.
What is the worst part of a prostitute and the best part of a pie	The crust.
What do you get when you divide the diameter of a jack-o-lantern by it's circumference	Pumpkin Pi. (   )
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She choked.
What do space aliens put on their windows	Venutian blinds.
What is a drug addict's favorite series	Really anything with a strong Heroine
What's the difference between an eight-ball of cocaine and a pre-pubescent boy	Eric Clapton wouldn't let an eight-ball of coke fall out a hotel window.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph... Because he's not a full essay
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two and now it's too offensive to talk about.
What's got two legs and bleed a lot	half-a-dog!
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose	Full I heard this on a radio show and thought it was worth sharing
What education program did Eric Wright enroll in	ECE
What has 2 wings and a halo	Did you say angel? WRONG! Its a chinese phone. *Wing Wing* ""Halo?
What sound does a turkey now make	Coup.
What do scientists wear	Kelvin Klein
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun	A roamin catholic
What's black and white and red all over	The slowest zebra.
What's the name of Brendan Dassey's favorite band	The Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
What did the poles do during world war two	They held the telephone wires off the ground.
What refreshing beverage will no red-blooded American male ever drink again	... wait for it ... an ice-cold Bruceski
What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman	Sexual harassment. What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man? $3.99 a minute
What do you call a dad butt	Dat ass
What do you call of group of black people	A group, you fucking racist
What are most incarcerated inner-city youths locked up for	Some bullshit
What's the difference between a jew and pork	Cooking time.
What's the difference between a fake orgasm and a fake Christmas tree	Not everyone can tell when you have a fake Christmas tree.
What is the difference between men and pigs	Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
What do you call two black dudes on a motorcycle	An Africa Twin.
What do you tell a woman who wants a larger outlook on life	Tell her to stand next to the kitchen window
What did the suicide bomber ask his son	What do you want to be when you blow up?
What did Adam do when he wanted some sugar	He raised Cain.
What is a printer's favorite type of jelly	Jelly's fine, but paper jam is the best!
What do you mean I can't change the past	*logs on to Wikipedia*
What's a farmers favourite part of a novel	The plot.
What did the undertaker say as the coffin fell out of the car	We'll have to rehearse that.
What is the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your dick in a girl's ass.
What's the difference between a chick with a dick and a guy with tits	Empty testicals.
What would you call a terrorist organisation run by wielders of the dark side of the force	ISITH
What's Goku's favorite subject	Super Science.
What is a cannibal's favorite food at the county fair	Chili con Carny.
What do you call a Latino woman with no legs	Consuelo^(cunts-way-low).
What did the pebble say to the rock	I wish I was a little boulder!
What's the difference between a jazz guitarist and a rock guitarist	A rock guitarist plays 10 chords for 50,000 people, and a jazz guitarist plays 50,000 chords for 10 people.
What's a joke that you invented	Here's mine: Did you hear about the guy who had to snort a line of baking soda every day? He was basically addicted.
What do you call a midget mexican	A paragraph since he isn't a full essay
What do you get when you cross an English bulldog and a Shih Tzu	A bull-shiht!
What do you call a semi-professional proctologist	Someone doing a half-assed job.
What's a pirates favorite letter	Them: R You: No, its the C!!!!
What airline allows you to pee in cruise	Wizz Air
What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg	Nothing. They never met.
what did the egg say to the boiling water	i dont know how long its going to take me to get hard i just got laid by a chick
What do you see when you go to the tiny beach	Microwaves.
What do call a bunch of white people on a bench	The NBA
What do an alcoholic and a necrophiliac have in common	They both like to pop open a nice cold one.
What do you call tities in the middle of your beer	Better.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	?? I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What is the difference between sex and golf	In golf, less strokes is enough to win. I could actually use some help refining the punchline on this one if anyone has some ideas.
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil	Popeye's penis
What's the difference between an extroverted mathematician and an introverted mathematician	The extroverted mathematician looks at YOUR shoes when he's speaking to you.
What has 3 arms, 1 hat, 2 shirts, 1 jacket, 1 scarf, 1 gun, and 4 ears	The Tchernobyl cowboy.
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle	The polar bear.
What's the best way to get gum out of your hair	Cancer.
What's Donald Trump's favorite sport, according to CNN	Dodgeball.
What do you call a cow with three legs	Lean beef.
What do a hen house and OP's mom's mouth have in common	They're both more productive with a cock inside. Nsfw
What's the difference between peanut-butter and jam	You can't peanut-butter it into her ass !
What's a Jewish Catch 22	Free Ham.
What's the difference between polite conversation and an erection	I can maintain polite conversation.
What must a vampire earn to learn to fly	His red wings.
What do you call a cab driver who lost his brakes	A screwdriver
What's the difference between dreams and memes	I haven't given up on my memes yet
What do you call a bunch of wealthy muslims	Ballah ballah ballah ballah ballah
What do you call a mill thats just ok	A satisfactory.
What's the difference between Darth Vader and Tom Brady	Darth Vader probably gets high fived
What do you call someone who commits piracy	Neckbeard the pirate
What did the dolphin say when three orcas swam by	Whale, whale, whale, who do we have here? Please, this is a cry for help.
What's Donald's true political party	Whig
What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk	A milk dud!
Whats the ducks favorite drug	QUACK
What's the pedophiles favorite holiday	Christmas. Because you can dress up like Santa Claus, and get free lap dances for a whole week.
What's black and white and can't fit through a door	(x-post r/AntiJokes) A zebra with a spear through its head.
What do you call an Islamic pilot	A pilot, you racist.
What do you do with unruly shapes	You put them in prism
What is the definition of a farmer!	Someone who is out-standing in his field!
What do you call a Muslim cowboy	Dirty hairy.
What's the best song to send to your father on Father's Day	*I'm Glad You Came*
What does an Australian witch ride on	A broomerang!
What do you call a perfect society formed by an Asian	A Yutopia
What does a prostitute and a lawyer have in common	They both screw you for $300 per hour. What's the difference? Most prostitutes have standards.
What do you call a woman with a very round head	Sophia. (sphere) it works best spoken
What did the janitor get for his birthday	A urinal cake.
What do you call a Black Abortion Clinic	Crime Stoppers. I'm going to hell
What's the difference between a bus station and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean
What does a Mexican duck say	GUACK
Q: What is a pig's favorite superhero	A: The Oinkredible Hulk.
What is Rickon Stark's favorite band	One Direction
What do you say when a robot explodes into pieces	Rest in pieces. I'll show myself out now.
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he was white	Alive.
What's the difference between a lawyer and an angry rooster	The rooster clucks defiance. ^Let ^it ^sink ^in.
What did the pony say when he had a sore throat	Pardon me, I'm just a little hoarse.
What do you get when a basketball player gets a lung infection	LeBronchitis
What did the number 0 say to the number 8	Nice belt.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile	Robin, get in the Batmobile.
What is the worst thing you can hear while blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What's a pigs favorite morning tv show	Morning Ham
What's the best part about having sex with 25 yr olds	There's 20 of them!
What do you call two chinese guys in a firebird	Gooks of Hazard
Whats the greediest nut	a cashjew
What did you do wrong if your wife comes out of the kitchen and yells at you	You made her chain to long.
What do you call a pile of cats	a Meowtain
What do you call a gay farmer	A jolly rancher!
What has four legs and an arm	A happy pit bull.
What was John Lennons final hit	The pavement
Whats Brown and Sticky	Mohammed Ali opening a can of coke.
what did the soldier say to the other soldier when wanting him to get in the tank	Get in the tank!
What do you get when you cross a male chicken with peanut butter	A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What did Obama say when he called the Russian Parliament	Are you Putin me on?
What do you call a boat that looks like a penis	A Freudian ship
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Blind.
What's a mexicans favorite game	Cross country.
What do you call a snail on a ship	A snailor (My nephew is watching Spongebob please send help my brain cells are leaving one by one)
What is a cheating wife's worst nightmare	A husband in his hybrid
What did the Australian grandmaster say to the banker, when asked what he wanted to exchange	Check, mate!
What does a blind person read in church	Holy Braille
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your dick into an asshole...
What food is bad for epileptic people	Seizure salad
What did one fish say to the other during the race	I'M GOING TILAPIA!!!
What do whales do on dates	Netflix and Krill
What did the pool cleaner say to the impatient swimmer	Whoa, whoa, whoa... Wade just a minute.
What did the asian do after receiving a test with a bad grade	Bangladesh
What would you get if you crossed a cow with a rabbit	Hare in your milk!
What do you call a potato/corn crime fighting duo	Starchy and Husk
What do you call it when someone has sex in exchange for spaghetti	Pastatution
What do Fort McMurray and a 1998 Pontiac Sunfire have in common	Both are full of white trash and smell like burning oil.
What do you call beef that's been burned	A mis-steak.
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies, and a Ferrari	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection	Quarter-pounder with cheese
What's the difference between PHP and PCP	One makes you: * feel numb * see things that aren't there * panicked and paranoid * feel loss of control over your actions. The other is a synthetic drug.
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty-two year olds	There are twenty of them.
What do you call it when Google Glass connects to the internet	Eye-fi.
What did one tectonic plate say to the other after the earthquake	That was your fault!!!
what do you call an American Tardis	a reTardis
What did the necktie say to the hat	You go on ahead, I'll just hang around.
What is the similarity between a cough syrup and an undertaker	They both take away the coffin.
What is Justin Timberlake's favourite Ukrainian river	The Crimea River.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly	A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
What do you get... Q. What do you get if you cross a large dinosaur with a frog	A. A diplo-croak-us.
What's the difference between a boy band and a band of just guys	The person sucking dick.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	Aye matey
What is the purpose of the bumps around a womens nipple	It's braille for blind babies... -=Women=- It spells out ....""Suck here"" -=Men=- "" I am the daddy
What do you call Mexican potato chips	Oles Potato Chips!
What did Treebeard say when he took a piss	RELEASE THE RIVERRR!!!!!!!
What one food reduces a woman's sex drive by 90%	Wedding cake.
What did the tree do when the bank closed	It started its own branch
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	It's dangerous to hit a lightbulb with a bat.
What is a Ninja's favorite beverage	Karatea From Fargo Ep. 2
What is the worst way to spell Mississippi	Correctly.
What is the opposite of Imagination	I have no idea.
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite work of art	Pneumonia Lisa
What's the difference between a jeweller and a jailer	One sells watches and one watches cells
What do you get when you cross a peach with a bunny	Something punny.
What do you call an American girl who can run faster than her brothers	A Virgin.
What's brownish and runs on oil	Jesus in a hurry.
What did the rising sun say to the morning dew	You will be mist.
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a terrorist	You can negotiate with a terrorist.
What does my girlfriend and Windows 8 have in common	they are both 8........
What do you call a dinosaur that hates punchlines	MY LEGS! OH GOD, HE'S EATING MY LEGS! AAAAARGGHH!
What's the difference between a police baton and a magic wand	Ones used for cunning stunts.
What do you call a baker with red hair	A ginger bread man
What do you say to a woman that has two black eyes	Nothing! You already told that bitch twice. (Yeah...I know. It's horrible, but I just couldn't help myself.)
What is your favorite dumb joke	here's mine :) Whats the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when it hits your windshield? ....his ass.... :P
What animal never forgets national tragedies	the nine-elephant
What did the surfer say to David Carradine	Hang tight
What's wrinkly and hangs out your pants	Your mother.
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces	Natural logs.
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion	Decaffeinated.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a pig that does karate	? Roast beef.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	u/ShittyJokeExplainBot's explanations.
What's the opposite of the Sun	The Guardian.
What's the hardest part of cooking vegetables	The wheelchair
What is the first thing a cannibal does after dumping his girlfriend	He wipes his ass.
What did the seven dwarves say when Snow White finally woke up	Well, it looks like its back to jerking off.
What do biographers and serial killers have in common	Multiple life sentences.
What do you call a group of trees	A communitree
What does British toilet paper and John Wayne have in common	It's rough, and tough, and doesn't take any crap.
what's a pirate's favorite letter	You would think its 'RRRRRRRRRRR', but its actually P because without it they would go irate!
What do you call a poodle that serves coffee	A Bark-ista! I said a bark-ista Coral.
What's the difference between Leonardo Dicaprio and Sesame Street	Sesame Street has an Oscar.
What did God say when he created the first black person	Dammit I burnt one!
What's faster than the speed of light	A female untagging herself from an unflattering photo.
What do you call it when a bison borrows money from you	A buffa*loan.*
What do you call a potato with no limbs	An amputater
What was Cambodia's biggest export in the 90s	Pol Potting mix.
What's the difference between a Taliban training camp and a Pakistani wedding	I don't know. I just fly the drone.
What's a cats favorite Mexican dish	A purr-rito
What has seven arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What is a female genitals favorite slide to slide down at the playground	The fallopian tube!
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny Farts
What's red and invisible	No tomatoes.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle	Attire.
What does donald trump use when he plays FPS games	Wallhacks
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when invited to the musician themed costume party	I'll be Bach
What if Mike Tyson could use the Force	He'd become a kith lord
What sound does a racist machine gun make	kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
What's the best part of an ISIS joke	The Execution. Hehe...get it? No? Fine I'll be-heading off now.
What do Dave Mirra and The Offspring have in common	No Self Esteem!
What do you call a nomadic neanderthal	A meanderthal.
What's David Cameron's favourite Shakespeare play	Hamlet.
Whats long and black	the unemployment line.
What does a Jamaican Liar sit on	Deceit.
What lands as often on its tail as it does its head	A penny.
What does a gay cow eat	Haaaay!
What did the man who survived a javelin headwound say to his opponent	Thanks for opening my mind.
What would you get if Harry Potter tried to kill Darth Vader	*A Vader Cadaver*
What's worse than a lobster on your piano	What's worse than a lobster in your piano? A CRAB on your organ.
What do you call a fishing hook without barbs	Debatable!
What is the difference between a feminist and a hockey player	A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
What did the frog's girlfriend need when she was on her period	A lily pad.
What's the best thing about dating a homeless chick	You can drop her off anywhere...
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	Asian businessmen don't pay thousands of dollars to have a lentil on their face
What kind of Lettuce do serve on the Titanic	Iceberg Lettuce! :D
What do you call a bunch of male pornstars on a flight together	Snakes on a plane.
What do you call an ethiopian with buck teeth	A rake.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Fsh
What sound does a train make when it's eating	Chew Chew
What do you call a sarcastic crimminal going down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What did the cliff say to the landslide	Chalk to you later.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What's the internal temperature of a Taun-Taun	Lukewarm
What does the average male have in common with a Velociraptor	They both have a six inch retractable claw.
What do you call two debunked ghost sightings	A pair'a'normal activities.
What did the penis say to the condom	?? Cover me, I'm going in
What's the problem with North Korea	It has no Seoul!!
What does a writer hope to get in a Christmas cracker	A Pull-it-surprise!
What did the tie say to the hat	You go on ahead - I'll just hang around.
What did Steven hawking say when he first got his wheelchair	I can't stand being in this
What do you call someone with a large head	The headmaster.
What's the difference between a black person and a Jewish person	How they steal your money
What's the difference between a bug and an insect	Judging by Table 5's reactions, not a lot.
What is a Chinese person's favorite wound	Bruise Lee. I'll see myself out.
Q: What's a tongue twister	A: When your tang gets all tongueled up.
What do you call a fire pokemon mixed with Donald Trump	A Charitard.
What do you get when you mix a penis with a potato	A dick-tater
What do fat people feel	Hunger mostly...
What do you call a reindeer trapped in a storm	A Thundeer
What's the best part about fucking twentythree year olds	There's twenty of them.
What is Ling Ling's (from King Pow) favorite video game console	Wii U Wii U Wiiiiiii U
What does Batman put in his beverages	Just ice.
What's angry most of the time and wants you to stick something hard in it	An outlet
What do you call your friend thats a detective	Your Sherlock Homie
What does a girl from Arkansas say when she loses her virginity	Get off me paw, you're crushing my smokes.
What do you get when you inject human DNA to a goat	A permanent ban from the petting zoo
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur	A dino-snore
What do you get when you cross a Cuban and a Pollock	Ricky Retardo
Whats the most handiest tool ever	A Hand!
What is black and doesn't work	Decaffeinated coffee, you racist.
What kind of porn to chickens watch	Nugget porn.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit	A ba-na-na-naaaaa
What was the allergic 2""X4""'s terrifying hallucination	He sawdust.
What do you get when you cross and elephant and a rhino	'elephino..
What was the sale in Jewish circumsicions	Buy one get one half off
What part of the vegetable is hardest to eat	The wheelchair.
What is worse than the earthquake in Italy	The Holocaust.
What's the hardest part of running over a baby	My dick.
What did Ghandi say when he was in the toilet	I'm having a movement
What does a ghost cow say	*wave arms around* MoooooOOOOOOoooooooo
What do you get when you put a tiny umbrella in a supercar	A Lambortini.
What starts with E, ends with E, and only has one letter in it	An envelope!
What do you call a women who cant draw	Trace
What is a depressed person's favorite outdoor activity	Cryaking. I'm sorry.
What do you call a masturbating bull	Beef strokinoff!
What do you call a chicken that can play tennis	A Henman.
What do you call a gaping hole in your chest that smells like fish	VAGINA PECTORIS!
What does a clam do on his birthday	He shellabrates!
What do you call a blonde in a tree with a brief case	Branch manager.
What do women and computers have in common	You only learn to appreciate them when they go down on you for the first time.
What do call the President of Russia with an upset stomach	Vladimir Poopin
What do physics majors do when they hit the club	They torque it..
What do you call a nutty dog in Australia	A dingo-ling !
What's the best thing about dating a homeless girl	You can drop her off anywhere.
What do they tell people who flunk out of astronaut academy	The sky's the limit for you"".
What did the CIA dogs say when they supsected they were being followed	Looks like we got a tail.
What's the difference between a cliche and a trope	BECAUSE FUCK YOU THAT'S WHY
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Cuatro Sinko
What do the Optimist Club and the Mile High Club have in common	They're both about giving a flying fuck.
What do you call a Latino on a trick bike	A BMXican.
What is Russia's favorite type of pasta	Putinesca
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell, 'cause she's got a grenade in her mouth.
What's black &amp; grey and also looks good on a cop	The World Trade Center
What did Mr. Orange say to Anna Banana when she asked what his first name was in rhyme world	Fuck off
What's the real reason Lego Movie didn't get nominated for an Oscar	They thought it was called ""The Leo Movie"".
What's more useless than a condom at a feminist rally	Everyone there.
What do having sex and playing cards have in common	If you dont have a partner. You better have a good hand.
What kind of movies do scurvy circles enjoy	rated movies.
What's the same about George Washington, and a tranny	They both chopped down their own cherry trees.
What do you call the useless skin on the end of a penis	A man. Courtesy of my grandmother.
What did Sacagawea the frog say in the trampoline factory	I'm very hoppy.
What do you call someone who walks into a building full of people	A cannibal.
What is a pedophiles favorite part of a hockey game	?? Before the first period
What followed the Big Bang	The Big Cigarette
What kind of doctors do elephants become	Pachydermatologists
What do you call an Arab who has many cows	milk sheikh
What do vegan zombies crave	GRRAAAAINS!!
What do people say when they hear about the assassin from Wales	Welsh-hitman!
What did the duck do after he lost his wife, his job, and his house	He became a quack head
What do you call your wife and mother-in-law when they're riding in the same car	Dual air bags.
What did the former governor of California say after he helped the old lady cross the street	I'm Arnold to assist you.
What is the most popular vehicle in South America	They drive alpacars.
[NSFW] What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Gag gag gag
What is the comeback that fits well with any argument	Not a joke. Just want to see funny comments.
What's the difference between a chicken and a hen	The spelling.
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	A golfer goes *thwack* fuck... A skydiver goes FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- *THWACK*
What is the difference between frustration and satisfaction	What the Fuck!"" and ""What a Fuck!
What did Indian Ocean said to Atlantic Ocean	Nothing.. They just waved.
whats got two legs and bleeds..	Half a dog
What do you call it when an amputee does Karate	Partial Arts! :)
What do Eric Clapton and Donald Trump have in common	They were both jealous of the size of a black man's crowd.
What did the 40 yr old bassoonist tell the proctologist	You need to examine my butt soon.
What's the difference between a politician and a computer	logic
Whats long, green, and smells like pork	Kermits finger
What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics	Legs.
What is the difference between an Israeli and an Israelite	Israelites contain about 20% less fat.
What's the fat person's favourite football club	KFC.
What do Libyan people put in their TV remotes	Tripoli batteries.
What did the server say when the customer requested something they didn't have	404
What do robots do at the rave	They torque.
[NSFW] What's the difference between Harry Potter and Jews	Harry Potter came out of the chamber alive.
What's the difference between Finebros and Humiliation pornstars	Humiliation pornstars get the money they want.
What do you say to a crazy person who's talking to themselves	Hey, the person you're talking to said to give me a few bucks.
Q: What connects the computers in Sauron's office	A: A Tolkien Ring network.
What's big, black, and explodes when shaken	A COKe bottle.
What's funnier than a turd burg	Two turd burgs, fuck face!
What 8 letter phrase means a healthy scratch	Tim Tebow
What does a paedophile do at the beach	Lilo.
What happens to illegally parked frogs	They get toad away.
Whats the age of consent in Thailand	50$
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly a dick up your ass!
What do you call a Jamaican who likes spaghetti	A Pastafarian.
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and a homeless man who works at McDonalds	One of those greasy bums is making a lot more money.
What do they call fat chicks in France	American tourists!
What do a walrus and a ziploc bag have in common	They both like a tight seal.
what did the doctor say to the midget	you'll just have to be a little patient
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs finger
What do Zack Snyder and The Jonestown Massacre have in common	Sucker Punch.
What do you call an arranged marriage between two communists who don't like each other	A so-be-it union.
Q: What do you call a prostitute's children	A: Brothel sprouts.
What do you call a gay wildcat	A dandelion
What is a gay man's favorite vacation site	He loves to go to Bankok.
What do you call a Roman with a wet mustache and a smile	Gladiator.
What do you call jerking off two dicks with your elbows	The chicken dance.
What do you call a Corvette following a Camaro at high speeds	Chevy Chase.
What do you call an african american guy walking into the DMV	An african american guy walking into the DMV, you racist f#ck.
What do you call 3 Irish tree surgeons	Tree fellas
What's the difference between your mom and a pizza	A pizza doesn't beg me to keep going when I'm eating it.
What did T-Rex say after doing yoga for the first time	dinosore
What did the basic girl say after all her writing utensils broke	I literally cant even write now
What's Hellen Keller's favorite color	corduroy
What does an Ethiopian have in common with Yoko Ono	They both are living off of dead beatles.
What is Chewbaccas favorite celebrity	Wookie Goldberg
[ORIGINAL] What's a priest's favorite cheese	Swiss. It's holey.
What's the funniest fish in the world	Piranhahahahaha Don't lynch me
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See you next month
What's the difference between a suicidal ghost hunter and a weaboo alcohol taster	One drinks bleach and watches spirits; the other drinks spirits and watches Bleach.
What kind of bird flies around bays	Bagles
[2 guys at open mic night] What are we gonna name our band	[from crowd] look at the one guys hair! LMFAO *they look at each other*
What does E.T stand for	Because he hasn't got a chair!..... sorry.
Whats the world weakest animal	A toad he croaks if you even touch him !
What web page do orphans visit the most	404 Edit: Sorry it sucks, it's me trying to make oc.
What do women and the square root of 2 have in common	They're both irrational.
Q: What holds the moon up	A: Moonbeams.
What do electric trains and women's breasts have in common	They were originally intended for children but it's the men who play with them the most.
What did the neckbeard wizard use to find his way around Hogwarts	M'rauders Map
What do you call a group of rappers in a washing up bowl	In Sink!
What do you call a fish with no eye	A FSH
What does a vampire with a weight problem drink	Blood light
What does the chemistry teacher like to do with his dead bodies after he kills 'em	Barium.
What did the scientist say when he found two isotopes of Helium	HeHe
What do you call it when a group of chickens rebel against their farmers	Coop d'etah
Q: What's every cat's favorite song	- A: Three  Blind Mice!
What does a Jewish barista do	He brews!
What happens when geese land in a volcano	They cook their own gooses !
What is stronger than Ronda Rousey	Her anti-depressants.
What did the left breast say to the right breast	? We better get some support soon or everyone'll think we're nuts
What do you call a haughty criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What's the squeakiest ride at the fair	The haunted mouse
What's the difference between roast chicken and pea soup	I can roast chicken but I can't pea soup
What does a retired hairdresser and a bar of platinum have in common	They both plat no more.
What's the difference between RPGs and Drunken Style Kung Fu	In the first, you must drink a lot of liquids before battle, but in the latter, you only pretend.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef! Bonus joke: What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean Beef!! Double Bonus: What do you call a cow with one leg stuck in the ground? Steak!!!
What did they call the sad little fish poop with no father	A bass turd.
What is the difference between a Siberian husky and an Alaskan husky	About 1500 miles.
What is Bear Grylls' favorite snack brand	Nature's Valley
What do your call a fish who starts a drug empire	A scarfish
What do you call an ant with frog's legs	An antphibian.
What percentage of germans are not nazis	ninety-nine point nein nein nein nein nein nein nein percent
What do you call a horse who likes crackers	Seatriscuit
What did the police officer say to stop the depressed man from jumping off the bridge	You have potential. Sorry if this is a repost, just thought of it now.
What did the milk say after it got beat	...It's butter this way
What's the definition of vagina	The box a penis comes in ;)
What's a pedophile's favorite musical score	The Magic Flute in A Minor
What do you call 500 Natives running on the race track	The Indy 500.
What does snoop doggy dog use to do his laundry	Answer in comments.
What does it sound like when two churches fight	Pew Pew PEWPEWPEW!!!
What Do you Call Neil Degrasse Tyson when he pours champagne on his bare chest	**An astro-fizzy-tits**
What do you call Atheism	A non-prophet organization.
What's black and sits at the top of a staircase	Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
What do you call a group of politically similar crows	A cawcus
What do a Redneck divorcee and a Tornado have in common	-- either way, you're gonna lose your trailer...
What does an egg say when it gets punched in the stomach	Oeuf!
What's the most annoying thing on /r/jokes	People who post the joke intro twice.
What's a rabbits' favorite book	Hop on Pop.
What happened when the witch went for a job as a TV presenter	The producer said she had the perfect face for radio.
What did the guy Zebra say to the girl Zebra	Take ze bra off.
What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet	Ahh yes I can see how you would think it's the ""r"", but in fact it's tha ""C""!
What's the difference between toilet paper and a shower curtain	I don't know."" ""So you're the one!
What's the last thing you want to hear right after you get done blowing Willie Nelson	I ain't Willie Nelson.
Whats the stupidest animal in the Jungle	the Polar Bear
What ethnic group do cannibals eat on thanksgiving	Turkish
What's the difference between a worm and an apple	Have you ever tried worm pie ?!
What is the difference between Russian Optimist Pessimist and Realist	An Optimist learns German. A Pessimist learns Chinese. A Realist learns AK-47.
What is the opposite of a meme	A youyou
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Tyrana**sore ass** Rex
What's the difference between Rush Limbaugh and the Hindenburg	One's an overblown Nazi gasbag and the other's a dirigible.
What do you call a robotic lizard that can't stand up	Ereptile dysfunction.
What bird is most likely to inspire a revolution	A pigeon... ""Coup, coup
What did the maggot say to his friend when he got stuck in an apple	Worm your way out of that one !
what aftershave does James bond uses after retirement	Old Spyce.
What does an electric engineer say when they get kicked in the balls	Owch! it hertz
What's the difference between Hitler and Donald Trump	One made a killer microwave.
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man	A pizza can feed a family
What do you call someone who gets Praise and Merit on Reddit	Creddit!!!!
What do you call an asian who flies planes	A pilot.
What do nazis eat for breakfast	Luftwaffles
What did the two lesbian vampires say to each other	See you next month.
What do you call a cow that can't produce milk	Utterly useless
What did the captain say to the men before they got on the boat	Men, get on the boat.
What's it called when you have sex early in the day after a funeral	Mourning Sex.
What is the worst thing to happen to an anagrammer	It is to get West Nile in the stew line.
What's a muslim's favourite game	Goat Stimulator
What did one slug say to another who had hit him and rushed off	I'll get you next slime!
What did the FLAC say	I'm an audiophile
What's the similarity between a KFC meal and sex	When you're finished, all you're left with is a greasy box.
What do dinosaurs put on their pizza	Tomato-saurus
What's the difference between Paul Walker and Windows 10	Paul Walker only crashed once.
What were the infinite number of Indian Mathematicians complaining about	That the Hilbert Hotel didn't book Uncountables.
What do you call a camel with three humps	pregnant
What do you call a Chinese woman with one leg	Irene.
What is similar between Spain, Ireland, and the United States	Their economies falter after a popping of a housing bubble.
What did the peanut say to his wife before he left	I'll be back in a jiffy
What is the difference between a priest and a pedophile	A pedophile does not get tax exemptions for raping young boys.
What do you call a serial killer that plays bingo	Jeffery Dauber.
What does a terrorist and a cue ball have in common	The harder you hit them the more english you get.
What do you call semitic oompa-loompas	Orange Jews
What did quantum consciousness say to its son	Your awareness differentiates to the expansion of experiences and freedom impacts the expression of the phenomena in reality to quantum belonging.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	Putting her back in the wheelchair
Whats the worst thing to hear when you have explosive diarrhea	Are you ticklish?
What is a java programmers favorite bird	A BlueJ
What did the prostitute say to the psychic	I don't do aural. You're welcome and I'll show myself out.
What do you call a group of cows robbing a Skyscraper	A high-steaks mission.
what do you give to the god of shit	Sacrifeces
What do you call a pair of eyeglasses that questions its surroundings	Skepticles.
What is the last thing a redneck says before he dies	ya'll watch this!
What's the difference between a soy bean and a chick pea	I've never had a soy bean all over my face.
What's 6 inches long, 2 inches wide and drives your girlfriend wild	A $100 bill.
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty-six year olds	[NSFW] There's 20 of them...
What do you call a gassy greek	A Fartin' Spartan
What did the Morman say when asked what kind of wives he wanted	Brigham Young
What's Adolf Hitler's favorite letter	Not z, that's for sure.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter. He won't come when you call.
What di you call a snowman in may	A puddle!
What do you call a female dog with a pH over 7	A basic bitch.
What kind of noise annoys an oyster	A noisy noise annoys an oyster ! (Try saying that fast!)
What makes a USPS joke funny	The delivery.
What kind of laptop calls you a thousand times	A dell
What's the difference between having sex on two twin beds pushed together and Reganomics	You get fucked and fall through the cracks.
whats the difference between rush limbaugh and the hindenburg	ones a flaming bag of hot gas the other is a blimp
What's the difference between swine flu and avian flu	Bird flu needs tweet-ment and the swine flu needs oink-ment! Ha
What did the egg say when it was about to be hard boiled	It's gonna take a while to get me hard, because I just got laid by a chick!
What's the convention for big-breasted female clowns	Silly-Con
What's hit more balls than David Beckham's right foot	Elton John's chin.
Whats black and white and red all over	A race war.
What is the hardest thing about eating a vegetable	Getting her back into the wheelchair.
What's the opposite of marshmellow	Well, I guess it would be marshmadness
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall	Ah dam!
What's the difference between a 2016 Reddit post and a 2006 Reddit post	[Removed]
What thinks the unthinkable	An itheberg.
Q: What do blondes eat to increase their breast size	A: Silicone chips.
What do you call a cow masterbating	Beef stroking off
What is the best way to hunt bear	With your clothes off
What do you call a blind German	A 'not-see'.
What is an engineer's favorite Halloween candy	Dork chocolate
What did the butter say to the jam	We're on a roll now!!!
What's a thief's favorite type of armour	Steel armour
What if reddit had a currency	Would they be called creddits? (   )
What kind of fish is funny, beautiful and a good role model for young women	Tuna Fey.
What does mosquito say when its parents die	shhhhhh.....it !!
What's the difference between a fish market and Nicki Minaj	One has halibut and one has hella butt.
What's the difference between a smoker and a crossfitter	Most smokers know and acknowledge the fact that they're slowly killing themsleves.
What do my jokes have in common with toilet paper	They're both tearable.
What do couch potatoes evolve into	Computer chips.
What did the West African boy eat for breakfast	Ebola oatmeal...
What do you call a fear of deadly snakes	Common sense.
What do you call a heard of sperm whales	Bukkake.
What's the difference between a washing machine and a hippie slut	The washing machine doesn't still want you after you make it spun and put a load in it.
What did the rubber ball say when he left the yo-yo's late night house party	You better get some sleep - I'm gonna bounce!
What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation	A waggin'
What does Ronald Reagan have that Jimmy Carter doesn't	A widow.
What does a Cannon and Canon have in common	They both kill ships.
What's round and hard and full of acidic semen	A Jewish submarine.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	The hell if I know...
What's the difference between a book and a Mexican	A book has papers.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	One makes your whole day the other makes your hole weak!
What do you call a 100 year old frog	- What do you call a 100 year old frog? - An old croak! By: http://fun.fopii.com/
What is Superman's favorite thing to eat for breakfast	A Bag-El
What do you call a man with erectile dysfunction	Doesn't matter, he won't come
What do you do if a bird shits on your windscreen	Don't ask her out again.
What do you call a dinosaur with a super high automobile insurance premium	Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
What's red and crawls up your leg	A homesick abortion.
What do you call a black man when he is sitting in the cockpit controlling an airplane	A pilot you racist!
What's the difference between a Triscuit and a Lesbian	? One is a Snack Cracker and the other is a Crack Snacker!!
What does the bride of a Russian man get on her wedding night that's long and hard	A new last name.
What is it called when Venom snake gets spotted doing something bad	Getting caught red handed!
What does a Jewish guy say when he's making eggs	I-fry-em
What do you call an accountant without a  spreadsheet	Lost
What do you call a clean, good looking well behaved monster	a failure!
What will a monster eat in a restaurant	The waiter.
What's a pedophile's favorite writer	dickinson. ^^^sorry.
What did Tennessee	The same thing as Arkansas
What do toilets and humans have in common	You can give them as much crap as you want, but when push comes to shove, bleach makes everything better again.
What diagnosis did the veterinarian give to the dog with the funny walk	The dog has cerebral pawlsy.
What is a cat's favorite vacation spot	Maui.
What did the male robot say to the female robot	1100011010000010001000100101011101111100001011101001101000110011010110100000000110001001101011000001
What is that thing on top of a helicopter	A fan. The moment the thing is turned off, the people inside start sweating.
Whats the difference between my wife when we have sex and my hand when I masturbate	My hand moves.
What do you call a bench full of white people	The NBA.
What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter	With Twitter you only get 140 characters.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Dam
What do you get when you cross an orchard with a concentration camp	apple juice
What did the middle eastern man say to his marijuana enthusiast wife	Stoner!
What did the pirate get on his report card	Seven C's
What does a walrus and tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal
What do porn stars have and comedians are	Professional Assholes.
What did the viola say to her daughter before crossing the street	You better C^ or you'll B^
What do you call a witch who lives at the beach	A sandwich.
What does Uncle Vernon from Harry Potter not do on Reddit	Post on Sundays.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick	Put it on my bill.
What happens when a frogs car breaks down	IT GETS TOAD!
What happens when The Past, Present, and Future walk in to a bar	It becomes very tense.
What does a Super Star Destroyer wear to a formal occasion	A bow T.I.E.
What is heavy forward but not backward	**ton**
What's the biggest sign she's just not into you	a restraining order.
What's do call a masrbating cow	Beef stroganoff...
What does an Australian chemist call is bro	Bromate Sorry, just studying my poly atomic ions and thought I was clever. I thought wrong
What do you get if you cross a plum with a man eating monster	A purple people eater.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Megasoreass.
What did the werewolf say when he got shot with a silver bullet	Oooooooowwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooo. He howled while saying ow pretty much
What did the tailpipe say to the muffler	I'm exhausted. What did the muffler say back? ^mmmmbfmbm
What is the difference between jelly and jam	[NSFW?] What is the difference between jelly and jam? *I can't jelly my dick up your ass.*
What type of blood does a keyboard have	Typo.
What will the sequel to Lake Placid that takes place 50 years later be called	Lake Flaccid
What do call an Asian person who sucks at jokes	Obvious-lee
What do you get when you cross a cartoon character and a Communist	Mickey Mao.
What do you call a singing computer	A Dell.
What is the difference between memory and ram	I can't memory my weiner in your mouth.
What does an egg say when it's drunk	Omelette
What does a condom and a wife have in common	They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall	Dam.
What is worse than ants in your pants	......... Uncles.
What do you call a civil rights activists who's also a shower sponge	Martin Loofah King
What's a Saudis favourite drink	Milk sheikh
What do you call a Pho restaurant run by 9 Japanese chefs	Pho Kyuu EDIT: No one understands how to pronounce ""Pho"". ;_;
What do you call a scary unexpected post in reddit	A Dreddit!
What's common between Marriage &amp; a Port-a-potty	There are those who are waiting to get in it and then you have those wanting too get out of it.
What do Lumber jacks do in China	Chop sticks!
What is the difference between a vacuum and a snowboarder	How you strap on the dirtbag.
What's the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire
What did the optometrist give Helium	A pair of noble glasses
What do You Call Someone Who Self Harms In The Antarctica	An eskemo.....
Q: What is the difference between a cello and a coffin	A: The coffin has the corpse on the inside.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegtable	The wheelchair.
What does a guitarist say when he gets to his gig	...Would you like fries with that?
What do my relationships and fat people have in common	They never work out.
What do you call it when batman skips church	Christian Bale.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again!
What is brown and sticky	a stick
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What is the difference between the USA and USB	One connects to all your devices &amp; accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard.
What dog sweats the most and drinks the most  water	A hot-weiler!
What is the difference between a sock and a camera	A sock takes five toes and a camera takes photos.
What do you call a Warriors fan that complains about the refs	A retarded bandwagoner
What did Ray Charles say when they handed him a cheese grater	This is the most violent thing I've ever read.
What does the Captain Kirk and toilet paper have in common	They both circle Uranus searching for Klingon's
What would you call a Pokemon Trainer if they were Jewish	Ashe.
What's harder than rocket science	My dick.
What is the name of a bag pipe band that likes to play while jumping on squares	hopscotts.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a grape	Elephant grape sine theta
What side of the road do they drive on in ireland	None. They're so drunk and violent no one is allowed to drive.
Whats rectangular, white and blue	.... A fridge with a denim jacket on. HA!
What's blue and flies around the room at high speeds	A baby with a punctured lung
What did the blanket say to the bed	Don't worry, I've got you covered.
What's considered an homemade gift in China	An IPhone.
What is the preferred drink for people in St. Cloud	Mini Soda
What do you get when your iPhone auto-corrects ""lardass""	Kardashian
What do you call a Jamaican redditor	[Le]mon
What do you call a drug-addicted canine	A meth lab!
Whats the difference between children and lesbians	Children shouldn't run with scissors. Lesbians shouldn't scissor with the runs.
What did the gay cow say just before sex	STICK IT IN MY ANGUS
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a bush	BARRY
What do you call a gay man who just got fired	A canned fruit!
What did the buffalo say to his kid when he went off to college	Bye, son.
what do you call a baby in the middle of the ocean without arms or legs	fucked.
What does a pirate take for his allergies	Aye-drops
What's a philosopher's favorite toy	Play-doh.
What's the deal with lampshades	If your gonna turn on a light... Why shade it.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Licksalottapuss.
What do you call an angry reticle	A cross-hair
What's short, but sometimes funny	a short joke.
What do you call a person who hates fat people	Weighcist
What do you call a chicken going to the moon	Apollo 11
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work	A stick. I'll see myself out now.
What kind of insects to secret agents like	(as told by my 9 yr old) Spiders.
What is the difference between the deflate gate controversy and my wife	Only one shows an interest in the balls.
What breaks when u give it to a toddler	Her hips
What do they tell Soviet children who want to achieve their dreams	Shoot for the Tsars.
What did the reindeer wear to protect itself while Santa was watering the garden	Rudolph's red hose rain gear...
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and an Asian	A car thief who can't drive
What did the dad buffalo say when his offspring left for college	Bison
What is a dog's favorite thing about living in a house	Roofs.
What does going down on an old woman and a pork pie have in common	You have to bite off the crust, lick the gooey stuff before you get to the meaty bits
What did Amelia Earhart learn	Triplane fuel can't melt sea beams.
What happens when devil worshipers do the rain dance	PrecipiSatan
What do you call a group of emos	The Suicide Squad
What Men think What is the useless skin around the vagina called	The Women
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke Warm
What do you call a drunk dinosaur	Stagger-saurus.
What do the Welsh call safe sex	Spray painting the sheep that bite.
What do you call a... What do you call a powered scooter in cow country	A mooooooooooped
What did it mean when they found bones on the moon	The cow didn't make it.
What do you call the kids claiming ""We don't need no education""	Comfortably Dumb
What did the Mexican student write his essay about	Life outside of prison.
What do you call a guy with no arms and legs at your door	Whatever his name is you ass
What's your opinion on the mobius strip debate	I find it a tad one-sided.
What was the pedophile doing on the beach	Just kidding
What kind of underwear does John Grisham use	Pelican Briefs I'll go find a bridge
What did Earth say to the other planets	You guys have no life!
What did the lactose intolerant guy say after having a glass of milk	Please excuse my dairy air
What do you call a camel with 3 humps	Humphrey. (I was told this joke by an actual dad, it was his response to one of my jokes)
What did the remote controller say to the tv	I know he turns you on but man, that guy just pushes my buttons!
What do you call a Mexican woman with a large labia minora	Cunstwaylow
What Should Make A Book Teacher: ""What Should Be In A Book To Make It A Bestseller	Jorkens: ""A Girl On The Cover &amp; No Cover On The Girl
What song do you sing if you're not a fan of Christmas	Sigh-lent night
What did the snail say when he rode a turtle	Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! I'll see myself out.
What is the scariest thing to read in braile	Do not touch
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	You slow down and add lubricant.
what has 150 legs and 7 teeth	the front row to a Willie Nelson concert
What's black, wears a bandana and ends the world	Tupacalypse. (thanks to my buddy Mike)
What do you call a hooker fart	A prostitoooooot
What is it called when one blonde blows in another blonde's ear	Data transfer
What do you see when the Pillsbury DoughBoy bends over	Dough Nuts
What do you call a Mexican child molester	A Pedrophile.
What is the difference between anal and oral sex	Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak
What is the creature that walks on four legs in the morning, three legs at noon and two in the evening	A cat in a minefield.
What do you call a baby from Dover	Doverkiin.
What's long and hard and full of semen	A submarine.
What's the difference between having sex and killing animals	One is OK to do for fun but not OK to do for profit, the other is vice versa.
What's pale, lives in darkness and sucks blood	A tampon
What kind of shorts do clouds wear	Thunderwear.
What does a cue ball and a mexican have in common	The harder you hit them, the more english you get out out of them.
What did the Jewish pedophile say	Ay kid, go easy on the candy!
What did the clock do after the good meal	He went back four seconds.
What do vegetarian dogs eat	Bark!
What do you call a midget psychic who escaped from prison	A small medium at large
What do you call a Dinosaur serial killer	A terror-Dactyl
What did the pickle say to the cucumber	Come on in the water's brine!
What kind of shorts do clouds wear	Thunderwears
What do you call an actor who has given up civilized life and gone to live in the wilderness	Will Feral. Edit: I tried
What's the difference between sex and a corporation	In sex the person on top does most of the work
What do you get when you mix a Native American and an Irishman	An alcoholic with a drinking problem
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he went off to college	By son.
What do you have when you are having second thoughts about your booking on Native American land	Reservation reservation reservations.
what does a frozen beer, burnt pizza, and pregnant girl all have in common	they all happened because some dumbass didn't pull it out in time.
What did the sheep at the fraternity say	Braaaaaaaah
What email service do gay people use	Hotmale.
What's the similarity between iPhone 7 and my girlfriend	They both let me stick it in only one place.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	A cart has claws at the end of its paws. A comma is a pause at the end of a clause. Edit: spelling
What does a laser in a church sound like	Pew pew pew!
What did the man do when he got a big gas  bill	He exploded.
What is Jesus's favorite gun	A nail gun.
What do you call a french guy wearing sandals	Felipe Flop
What is the poor part of Italy called	The spaghetto
[music club] what should we play today [hand goes up] yes joe	banjo"" all those who wanna ban joe raise their hand [everyones hand goes up]
What did the teacher call her intelligent yet self-harming student	Her scar pupil.
What do you call a black Canadian	Just 'Canadian'.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb.
Whats the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker	The oyster shucker, shucks between fits.......
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lick-a-lot-o-puss
What would you call an indian dating site	connect the dots
What would you title a movie about a Nazi roofer with a speech impediment	Shinglers Lisp.
What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild	A 100$ bill
What is the difference between a pizza and a black guy	A pizza can feed a family of four!
What type of job does T-Rex have	He is small arms dealer
What do you call a hippo that swears	A hippopottymouth
What do lawyers wear to court	Law suits
What do you get when you cross a millipede with a parrot	A Walkie Talkie
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	The hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What did the river say when it saw the beavers	I'll be dammed.
What can a man do that is physically impossible for women to accomplish	Orgasm.
What do you call a man with no arms or legs playing in the leaves	Russell.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottsman	Mick Jagger says ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud!"" A Scottsman says ""Hey, McCloud, get off of my ewe!
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotapuss.
What's black and white and green all over	A black environmentalist.
What's the difference between yogurt and semen	~~Semen~~ Yogurt, dammit! I meant *yogurt* doesn't hit the back of your partner's throat at 30 MPH. \* I always mess up punchlines when I'm drunk!
What do you call a pasture full of cows masturbating	?? Beef strokin-off
What do you call A man in an iron suit flying by the king of the North	A Stark contrast
What do vegetarian zombies eat	GRAAAAAAAAAAINS!!
What does my calendar look like	Let me check. It has a bunch of fucking numbers on it and no space for you.
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles in your pants
What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair	Cancer
Whats the best thing about doing twenty four year olds	Theres twenty four of them.
What US city has the dirtiest frozen waffles	San Diego
What is Apple's CEO's favourite TV show	Lost
What did Napoleon have up his sleevies	His armies!
What do you call the surgery when a woman gets a sex change	Addadictomy
What is brown and sticky	Michael J Fox opening a can of coke
What do you call a half elephant, half rhinoceros	An abomination.
What was Pablo Escobar's favourite pool party game	Narco Polo.
What do you call a bunch of Asian bears roaring	Panda-monium.
What part of a vegetable is the most difficult to eat	The roots.
What's the difference between a swimmer and a gay	The swimmer smells like chlorine all over his body, while the gay only smells like chlorine on one part
What did the Chinese man say when Winter came around	Reddit snow, reddit snow, reddit snow!
What's a young birds favourite game	#BEAK A BOO!
What's a golfer's favourite games console	A PS FOUR!
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I wouldn't pay $60 to have a garbanzo bean on my face!
What did both Barack Obama and Donald Trump have in common as winning presidential candidates	A cool catchphrase.
What do a German says when you show him a good meme	Danke
What is the hardest thing about learning to ride a bicycle	The road.
What is the best url for a bukkake website	www.facefullof.com edit: wow i did not know this lead to an actual site???!!!!
What is the rain's favorite medieval reenactment	Storming a castle.
What did Olivia Newton-John say to her doctor	Lets get physical!
What do you call it when a person acts holy for a night then sins every day after	A one night stand with Jesus
What does Peter Parker wish he would have went to school for	Web design.
What did Blackbeard say to the girl who was dressed as a sexy pirate for Halloween	Land Hoe!
What is Harry Potters abortion spell	Fetus-Deletus
What's the difference between Terri Schiavo and donald trump	One of them is a racist carrot
What are the hottest days during  summer	Sun-days
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and a tub of glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna.
What do you call a five foot psychic that escapes from jail	A small medium at large.
What is the flatulent fat guy's favorite song after his gf dumped him during Christmas	Last Christmas I gave you my fart
What's Trump's favorite place to shop	*Wall-Mart* ^^pls ^^no ^^kill ^^I ^^came ^^up ^^with ^^this ^^at ^^2 ^^in ^^the ^^morning
What's the difference between jam and jelly	well.... I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
What do you call it when you think deeply about something you just saw on reddit	Redditation. I am so sorry... that was horrible.
What do your mother and a marathon have in common	They are both doable as long as you don't mind following a bunch of black guys.
What Does Pink Floyd and Princess Diana Have in Common	Their biggest hit was the wall.
What does a mexican magician make for breakfast	Toast-tah-dahs!
What do you call a bulimic tree	Sycamore!
What do you call a bulimic tree	Sycamore.
What's the hardest part about winning crossfit	Being 5 foot 6
What can Santa give away and still keep	A cold.
What computer monitor sings the best	A Dell.
What do a gang member and a redneck have in common	They both know how to throw a good hoe down.
What is the difference between a frog and a horny toad	One says ribbit ribbit the other one says rub-it rub-it!
What do you call an anorexic chick with a yeast infection	? Quarter pounder with cheese
What's the difference between Reddit's CEO and Hitler	There's no ""L"" in Pao.
What do you call someone who can't do anything	HR
What's the difference between a Mexican joke and a black joke	Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal
What is half the diameter of a radish	...the radiush.
What do you call a german that does the exact opposite of what he says to do	A hypokrout.
What is the collective term for rams crossed with llamas who work as Avon representatives	? Rama llama ding dongs
What do Disney movies and coathangers have in common	They can both bring out the child from within.
What do you call a vicar on a motorbike	Rev
What do you say to your girlfriend with two black eyes	Nothing. You already told her twice.
What do you call saplings in the army	the infantry
What can you do with a dog that has no legs	Take him on a drag! What do you call said dog? Doesn't matter... he's not coming anyway.
What do you call a hula hoop with a nail on the inside	A Navel Destroyer.
What do you call it when a jewish submarine operator is discriminated against for being gay	Subjugation.
What's a kkk members favorite beverage	White power aid.
What's the difference.... What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog	At least when you're eating pussy, you can see the asshole in front of you.
What happened to the ghost who went to a party	He had a wail of a time.
Whats the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with a light on.
What do you call a teacher who's always late for school	Mr Bus.
Whats the difference between reddit and hell	Hell *fires* bad people
What do you call a snail on a ship	A snailor.
What's the difference between a twitcher and a stutterer	One's a bird watcher and the other's a word botcher!
What would the world be like without women	A real pain in the ass!
What do you get if you cross a drummer with Mike Tyson	A beatboxer.
What was wrong with the boy's brand new toy electric train set he received for Christmas	Forty feet of track - all straight!
What is a 72	A 69 with 3 people watching.
What do you call a dress that refuses to learn	Clothes-minded.
What's the diffrence between Math and Emos	Math problems actually exist
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and Scotsman	The Rolling Stones say ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud."" A Scotsman says ""Hey, McCloud, get off of my ewe.
What do you do to an aggressive vegan	Shove your meat in their face.
What's worse than ten dead babies nailed to a tree	One dead baby nailed to ten trees.
What is Mozart doing right now	Any one else get that pm? /u/jokinglikeabot
What did one stegosaurus say to the other stegosaurus	There's a sale on at the fern store!
What kind of genie only grants wishes to men	A misogenie.
What's the difference between an Olympic swimmer and an Olympic diver	Mark Spitz and Greg Swallows Yeah, I know it's old....
What is brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre.
What do you call an average guy who's happy	Fake and gay
What's the longest word in the English language	Smiles. There's a mile between the s's.
What do the jews use to browse the internet	NethanYahoo!
What's the difference between oooo and aaaa	about 3 inches
What do you call a dog in a bun	A subwoofer.
What starts with Y and ends with a D	You're gonna get raped!
What do you call a line of Mexicans buried across the border	A spicket fence
What does Tony Romo and a porn star have in common	They both know how to choke.
What do you call a guy who watches child porn on the dark web	A Tor pedo.
What do you call a Muslim with a kebab	A kaBOMB...*hah*
Whats the difference between a midget and a bigot	One is small and the Other is small minded!
What do you get when you take the circumference of a jack'olantern	Pumpkin pie!
What do you call on-again off-again snow in Michigan	Inter-mitten.
What's the hardest part about roller-skating	Telling your parents you're gay.
What do you call someone that lives next a horse	Their neighbor
What part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat	The wheelchair.
What's the difference between my ex and my toaster	It only takes 120 volts to turn on my toaster.
What's supposed to be funny, but let's you down	This joke...
What is the difference between erotic and kinky	Erotic is using a feather....kinky is using the whole chicken.
What did the fish say when he accidentally swam into a wall	Oh dam
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
Whats the opposite of nickle back	Bill front (Money jokes i got em)
What starts with ""M"" ends with ""arriage"" and recently made me the happiest man on earth	Miscarriage
What do you call a woman who has a lot of sex	Her name.
What do you call a black priest	Holy shit!
What do you call a black priest	Holy shit.
What does the pirates 5 trailer and the iPhone 7 have in common	There's no jack
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Whats the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb.
What has two legs but can't walk	A dead duck.
What did the green light say to the red light	I love you, but I'm sick of yellow light always breaking us up.
What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles	Yoko Ono
What do you call a starving robot from space	A C3POpian
What do you call a Mormon who likes to smoke, drink, swear and have sex with strangers	An oxymormon.
What is the difference between a bad haircut and a good haircut	2-3 weeks tops.
What does a duck call a tractor	A Quakter
What's grandma's favorite seasoning	Old Bae
What do you call a shitty bungalow	Dungalow.
Q: What do you get when you cross a lawyer with the Godfather	A: An offer you can't understand.
What do you call a woman with boobs on her back	I don't know, but she would sure be fun to dance with.
what has 2 legs in the morning and 3 in the afternoon	I have no idea but it's in my basement please send help.
What's the difference between family bonding and family bondage	One is forced and borderline torture, the other is sex.
What do you call a married knot	Monotonous. Bonus answer from my wife: a noose.
What are Donald Trumps least favorite food	Mexican jumping beans
What dog is always tired in London	An English sleep dog.
What do you call an insect that talks under its breath	A mumble bee
What do your mom and a hockey team have in common	They both go three periods without a shower.
What do you call a Serbian who won't clean his room	Novak.
What's worse than two babies in a dumpster	A baby in two dumpsters.
[Starbucks] What can I get you	I'll have a large coffee, black ""You don't have to say black"" I'll have a large coffee, African American
What do you call a Greek skydiver	Condescending
What is the best way of stopping infection  from witch bites	Don't bite any witches !
What's blue and doesn't fit any more	A dead epileptic.
What do disgusting people eat	Groceries.
What's the art of having multiple personalities	Acting
What did the U.S president say before starting WW3	Nukes... You're fired!
What do you call Abby who lives in the city	Downtown Abby
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I don't want to peanut butter my dick up your ass.
What did one plate say to the other plate	Dinners on me!
What did the man say when he couldn't get the gun to fire	Looks like I'm gonna have to read the trouble shooting section of the manual.
What do you call a fish without an eye	A Fsh
What's the best part about taking a shower with an 11 year old girl	If you slick her hair back, she looks like an 8 year old boy.
What's black, white, and red all over	A newspaper.
What do you call a Christian who comes to your door to sell you vacuum cleaners	A Jehoover's Witness
What do you call an immoral lesbian citizen of Rivendell who hosts a talk-variety show and lacks character	An elven degenerate.
What do you call a fox with one leg	Terry :D
What's the opposite to Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken!
What do the mafia and a vagina have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What does a Muslim have if they hate their god	An Allahgy
What does a Mathematician say when he eats too much pie	(-1/64)
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a small child	Eric Clapton would never let a small bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What do you call a Black Abortion clinic	Crime Stoppers.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture. -.-
What do you call a boxer with an upset stomach	Gaseous Clay
What would Arnold Schwarzenegger say if you asked him his favorite holiday	You have to love easter, baby."" (OC)
What do you call Kanye dressed as Kermit	I don't know, but it's not Yeezy being green.
What do rabbis call the leftovers of a circumcision	Debris.
Whats the difference between your wife and your  job	After 10 years the job still sucks.
What do you call the spaces between the bits on a comb	Hair-vents.
What do you call a foreigner who is obsessed with Chinese culture	A zhuologist
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs	Matt. No arms and no legs in a swimming pool? Bob.
What's the difference between a tropical beach and a priest	One gets sun on your skin and the other gets skin on your son.
What do you call a feminist that raps about women's rights	Feminem
What do you call a Totalitarian ass who remixes other people's speeches	D.J. T-Rump
What does a horny man living in Northern Russia need	He needs two jacket.
What do you call a naked skateboarder	A scab.
What is Stewie Griffin's least favorite Fallout weapon	The Fat Man.
What did the gamer say when he assassinated the Pope	360 NO POPE!!!!
What's the difference between beekeeping and falconry	Falconers have to be more talon-ted
What do you call a bee that comes from US	USB !! sorry, I am going to shoot myself now!
what's the most impressive thing about tom cruise performing his own stunts	he does it in heels
What title do a sandwich and an occupation in the porn industry share	The Fluffernutter.
What do people hate about CEOs of big internet companies	They act too paowerful
What does an inexperienced public speaker and a pizza place with high workers have in common	They both have problems with delivery.
What do you call a vegan wizard	A soyceror.
What do you call an undetectable black man	Incognegro I'll see myself out
What goes ""Clip""	A one legged horse!
Q: What is the difference between a viola and a  trampoline	A: You take off your shoes before you jump on the trampoline.
What symphony is a pedophiles favorite	Mozarts' Flute in A minor
What would you call Hitler if he had a child	A DILF
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans can't milk a cow for 14 years
What would the most depressing game show be	Biggest Loser: All-Stars.
What do you get when you mix human DNA and goat DNA	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What did the French skeleton say before he ate	Bone apetit
What do you call a terrorist who's always late	9/12
What's Mitt Romney's favorite make of vehicle	A Mack truck, because it already has a little dog on top.
What did the manager of the frankenstein museum say	I'VE CURATED A MONSTER!
What does popcorn and KFC have in common	Greasy, old kernals
What's better than having a garbanzo bean on your face	Having a chickpea on your face.
Q: What do you get if you cross Dracula with Sir Lancelot	A: A bite in shining armour.
What happens when a Pokemon goes through puberty	It's bells sprout.
Whats a mile long and has a thousand arms	The train to Auschwitz. Some German guy i used to play Path of Exile with told it to me.
What comes between fear and sex	funf
What do you call an online correspondence with a transvestite	She-mail.
What do you call a 200 year old Buffalo	A bison-tennial.
What do you call a midget who directs Dirty Jobs	A Micromanager.
What does a forward thinking person say	wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk	A Milk Dud.
What's roughly 6 inches long, has a head on it, and women love it so much that they often blow it	A 20 dollar bill
What's Gollum's favourite food	Scallops, scallops!
What does a 72 year old snatch taste like	Depends...
What do you call a slutty telescope	A horoscope.
What did the field say to the farmer	Plow Me!
What do you call a white man who never lose in the boxing ring	The referee
What is the theme song for the KKK	We gon be all white
What do you call a marine who can't swim	A submarine.
What do astronauts put on their toast	Space Jam.
What's blue and look like pink fluff	Pink Fluff holdings its breath. What's Red and looks like Blue Fluff? Red Fluff.
What do you call a dinosaur with one eye	Doyouthinkhesaurus
What do you call a blind, mentally handicapped, quadriplegic	You can call him whatever you want; it's not like he's going to get up and do anything about it.
What does an Italian... What does an Italian have when one arm is shorter than the other	A speech impediment. AY!
What is the punishment for bigamy	Two wives.
What is the difference between Iron man and Iron woman	Iron man is a superhero. Iron woman is a command.
What type of condoms does Ronald McDonald use	McRibbed
What a common problem with r/jokes and FedEx	Delivery
What does a sick train say	Achoo Achoo!
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Dude! Breathe!!
What does the sign of an out of business brothel say	Beat it. We're closed.
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a boner	I don't have a Lamborghini right now
What would Economics be without assumptions	Accounting
What do the Globetrotters do when they're finished urinating	The Harlem Shake
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto!
What do you call a nun in a wheel chair	Virgin Mobile
What's the same about Mexican and Black people	Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal. (Sorry if you're offended, I love all races.)
what do you call a grenade thrown into a french kitchen	linoleum blownapart
What the difference between a black guy and a donut	One of them already had a hole before the cop saw it
What do you call Aaron Rodgers' generous daughter	Sharon Rodgers
What happened to the guy who ingested helium	He became enlightened.
What do you call a fake noodle	... An ""impasta""!!!!
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college	Bison.
What did the pornstar say after getting a cumshot in the eye	I didn't see that coming
What ever happened to Windows 9	Windows 7 8 9.
What do you call it when a non-binary gendered couple has a legal dispute over custody of their children	A transparency review.
What do you call a sad robot	A woebot. :(
what do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common	they both couldn't finish a race.
What's the square root of 69	8 something.
What is a Statistician's preferred method of killing people	Poisson Distribution
What does an LGBT orthodontist make most of his money off of	bruces
What did the scarf say to the hat	You go on ahead. I'll hang around
What did president Obamas father say when he was born	Oh, He's Barack. pronounced with a bad asian-english accent.
What does the hipster serial killer do	Has sex with the bodies before they're cool.
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire.
What did the tree say to the lumberjack	I'm falling for you
What has a ring but no fingers	The former owner of a Note 7
What is a caterpillar's biggest fear	A dogerpillar.
what's the worst thing about being a black Jew	you gotta sit at the back of the oven
What is a witch's least favorite food	Burnt steak.
What does Rihanna think of Chris Brown	beats me
What's black and married to my daughter	Nothing because I'm a good parent.
What do a brick and I have in common	We both get laid by hand.
What do a condom and a fighter jet have in common	A cockpit.
What's the difference between a truckload of babies and a truckload of bowling balls	You can't unload bowling balls with a pitchfork.
What's it called when you poke a Scantron to make it laugh	A test tickle.
What do you call the study of butts	Analysis.
What do they call the lottery in Africa	Celebrity adoption.
What do you call a fancy toilet	A dapper crapper
What is smaller than an ant's dinner	An ant's mouth !
What cheese do hunters use to goad a bear out from its cave in the winter	Camenbert
What did the feminist Jedi say to Darth Tyrannus	Check your Force privileges, Sith Lord!
What did Harry Potter order when he went to the bar	Expecto-Patron-On-Ice
What do you call Hitler on his birthday	Hightler
What happens when a Cow tries to jump over a fence	Udder destruction
What's a rapper's favorite candy	Eminems.
What type of overalls does Mario wear	Denim denim denim.
What's the difference between smoking weed and burning the koran	If you burn the koran, you can only get stoned once.
What does a woman's arsehole do when she is having great intercourse	He is at home taking care of the kids.
What do you call a depressed cow	A mooooope
What does the Pope and a Christmas tree have in common	The balls are for decoration only
Q: what is the scariest religion	A: boo-dism. Im kidding its all of them haha
What do you call a magic dog	Labracadabrador.
What do blacks and apples have in common	If they're not being sold on a farm they're hanging from a tree. Da ho, no I didnt.
What is green and goes a hundred miles per hour	A fuel injected pickle.
What's one of the worst things about giving a man a blow job	The view.
What's Kermit the Frog's favorite song	Whib It"" by Devo.
What's the difference between Hitler and Keemstar	Hitler knew when to kill himself. Edit: Holy shit 200+ likes.
Q: What kind of math class did the acorn take when it grew up	A: Gee-I'm-a-tree!
what do you say when you're out of spoons	fork it.
What do you use when you go fishing for nudes on the internet	A boober!
What's the difference between Saint Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day	Everyone wants to be Irish on Saint Patrick's Day.
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea	A salad shooter
What ward does Sauron visit in the hospital	ICU
What's the difference between babies and boomerangs	If you throw a boomerang correctly, it will come back...
What do you say when you step on a snake	Well that bites.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire	Frostbite.
What starts out happy but ends in tears	Marriage
What type of shoes does a pedophile wear	White Vans. Creds to a friend of mine :)
What do you call a slutty bean	A Frijole (""free-hole""). Ba-dun-tss
What did the dyslexic, epilptic with hemorrhoids say	If I fits I sitz.
What did the ninja do when he failed to kill his target	He sai'd
What do you call an anti-vaxxer	Greiving
What did the LGBT art teacher tell the kids to use when their projects needed glue	(wait for it ... wait for it ...) brucilage !!!!!!!!
What did one saggy boob say to the other one	You know, if we don't get a lift, people will think we're nuts.
What do you call a thief that leaves a trail	A crummy thief!
What is a double-blind study	Two orthopaedists reading an electrocardiogram.
What do you get if you cross a bike and a rose	Bicycle petals !
what's the difference between a girl in a church and a girl in a bathtub	The girl in church has hope in her soul whilst the girl in the bathtub has...
What did one boob say to the other	You're my breast friend! Badum-Tits!
What do they call spiders in the Middle East	Iraqnids
What's the difference between Kim Jong Un and Hillary Clinton	One is called ""The Great Leader"" and the other, ""Great Deleter
What's the difference between a group of midget engineers and a women's track team	One is a group of cunning runts...
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a catfish	One's a scum sucking bottom feeder. The other's a catfish.
What do you do once you're done raping Helen Keller	Break her fingers
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do Muslims do before a jager bomb	Press the button
What did one slave-owning waffle say to the other slave-owning waffle	L'eggo my n'egro.
What's worse than a white guy walking into a church andshooting 9 black people	He let the others get away... I feel I'll be downvoted to hell for this...
What do you call a white girl that can run faster than her brothers	A redneck virgin
What do you do after you but a new oven	Invite all of your friends over and have an oven warming party.
What docyou call it when a Soviet dies comedy	Stand up Commedy
What do you call an unemployed rasta	Jah bless
What's black and white and can't go through a revolving door	A nun with a spear through her head.
What do you call a Rwandan tribe falling down a hill	Tutsi Roll.
What do you call a person with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean	Fucked.
What do you call the first sperm that reaches the egg	The ova achiever
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine	A washing machine doesn't cry when it takes a load.
What do you call a white European with a big dick	Hungaryan
What do you get if you cross King Kong with a watchdog	A terrified postman.
What do you call an Irishman sitting on your veranda	Patty O'Furniture.
What do yu get when you cross a Jew	Christianity.
What does a nosey pepper do	Get jalapeno business
What does an aardvark take for ant-digestion	Anta-Seltzer!
what did the fish say when he ran into the wall	Damn
What would you call Scott Adsit if he was a skirt	Scott Ad**skirt**
What unit of measurement did the ancient greeks use to measure their crops	Demeter.
What do a cell phone and anal bleach have in common	They both change your ring tone
What's the most overused punchline on reddit	[removed]
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of ice cream	Definitely not Chocolate
Q: What is dumber than the Blonde jokes above	A: Me for wasting hours editing and typing these damn things.
What did the disappointed smoker get for Christmas	Clothes but no cigar...
What part of the road is always crying	The breakdown lane.
What's my favorite machine at the gym	The snack machine.
What do you get when a piano falls down a mine shaft	A flat minor.
Q: What do you call a Blind Dinosaur's Dog	A: Do-ya-think-he-saurus-rex.
What dog wears contact lenses	A cock-eyed spaniel !
What's gray and comes in quarts	An Elephant
What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables	Herpeas.
What do you call a hundred year old man who dies in the library	Overdue
What does a parliamentarian say when they're done masturbating	Beating adjourned.
What's the worst thing about kidnapping and raping a young child to death in a dark alley	Getting blood all over your clown suit
What is the best way to get over a guy/girl	Truck.
Q: What do you get when you cross a camera with a mirror	A: A camera that takes pictures of itself.
What does Santa Claus call his more thuggish elves	Gangsta wrappers!
What's the difference between my face and my jokes	People laugh at my face.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	The porcupine has the pricks on the outside. Credit to Top Gear.
What happened to the McDonald's Cook when he stuck his dick in the pickle slicer	They both got fired.
What has 5 fingers but isn't your hand	My hand.
What is the difference between a turkey and my wife	I stuff the turkey before eating it.
What advice did Tiger Woods' dad have for Tiger during training	Concentrate on golffuck everything else.
What did the surgeon say to his constipated patient	Cut that shit out!
What does every Tickle Me Elmo receive before it leaves the factory	Two testicles.
What has two arms and 14 legs	Guy who collects legs.
What did Nazis do to kids with ADHD/ADD	They sent them to concentration camps.
What did the Australian say when he won a game of chess	Cheers, mate.
What do ya call a grizzly who's interested in both sexes	Bipolar Bear
What would you call a Mexican that lost his car	Carlos
What is a nudist's favourite alcoholic drink	A daiquiri.
What does a 90 year old pussy taste like	Depends.
What do you call an Asian lady sitting on a fence with no arms or legs	Pai-Ling
Whats faster than a speeding bullet	A Jew with a coupon
What did Spock find in the Enterprises's toilet	... ... ... ... ... ... The captain's log!
What did the Egyptian Pharaoh do when he got caught in traffic	ANKH ANKH!!
What do Jews get at night during the holocaust	Not z's
What happens when you flip an 8 to it's side	Everything, given enough time
What do you call a religious bird	A bird of prey.
whats the hardest thing about walking through a field of dead babies	my dick
What's your name	SIENNA Where you from, Sienna? MALIBU Do you like sports? GOLF You're just replying w car brands aren't you? FORD F-SERIES
What do you call a foreskin found on a crime scene	Circumcisional evidence.
What's a clowns favorite thing to do	Children
What do you call a person who helps teach others to fart	A tooter. (thanks, honey)
What do you give a losing horse with lockjaw	A new jaw-key
What do you call a Frosty's prostitute	A snow blower
What is the best way to break a shield apart	Seth Rollins with a chair
What did the hippie say when you told him to leave your house	Namaste
What is the best spanish joke you've ever heard	I couldnt find the spanish section of reddit
What is the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits until the boy is 14 to come on his face
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of planes	Meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Whats the best part of having sex with a transgender	When you are hitting it from the back and go for the reach around, it feels like it went all the way through
Q: What's a good place for water-skiing	A: A sloped lake.
What do you call a communist dog	Karl Barx
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car	Carlos
What do you call it when a valley girl gives blow jobs for Louis Vuitton's	Head over heels
What do mathematicians call retirement	Aftermath
Whats long and hard and has cum in it	A cucumber.
What is the Similarity between McDonalds and Anal sex	When we were young, we were told McDonalds was fine for us. But when we grew up... we found out it wasn't at all!
What do you call a thick wire made of phone batteries	Likable
What do you call a cheap male prostitute	A five dollar footlong.
What's the difference between a Pakistani wedding party and an Al-Qaeda training camp	Dunno, I just fly the drone.
What kind of bees make milk	Milk-makin' bees.
What do you call a magical creature with a skin disease	A leperchaun.
What do you get when you cross a pirate and a pedophile	Arrrrrr Kelly
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think it be R, but his first true love always be the C.
What do Michael Jackson and Mcdonalds have in common	They both stick their meat between 13yo buns.
What's the difference between a Pakistani middle school and an Al Qaeda training ground	I dunno, I just fly the drone.
What is College Feminism	What is college feminism? 10.000 women who took Gender Studies to figure out why there aren't enough female engineers
What do you call a jungle where animals talk about current events	A topical rainforest.
What do you call an unimportant pachyderm	It's irrelephant.
What's red and has seven dents in it	Snow Whites cherry.
What's a pirates favorite class	Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
What's the definition of ""trust""	Two cannibals doing 69.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*choking noise*
What did the sea monster have for dinner	Fish and ships.
What kind of cheese do you use to hide a small horse	Mascarpone!
What sound does a Nintendo Ambulence make	Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U.
What goes up and down but does not move	Stairs
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick. Possibly better for r/dadjokes, I'll show my self out.
What do you get if you cross a trout with an  apartment	A flat fish !
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip	We used to be really tight until you let that dick come between us.
What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common	Finnish Hymn!
What was Spider Man's major in college	Web Design.
What do mice do when they're at home	Mousework !
What is a blind persons favourite song	Hello darkness my old friend
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Blurgblurgblurg
What does Trump call his immigration plan	Order 66.
What did the peadophile say when he was released from prison	I feel like a kid again
What do you call a 20th century grammar nazi	Alt-Write
Whats the difference between driving and getting a blowjob	I can only hold one beer when I'm driving.
What did the woman with dissociative identity disorder tell her psychologist	Let me be Frank with you.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back 4 seconds
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before	Deja phew!
What did the cashew say to the sneezing peanut	Yes, what is it?
What's worse than a baby stapled to a tree	A baby stapled to ten trees.
What do u call an ethopian with a feather up his ass	A dart
What's the worst thing when being told you have Alzheimer's	It doesn't just happen the once.
What is the difference between a barking dog and an umbrella	The umbrella can be shut up.
What do crazy girlfriends and chocolate have in common	They both kill your dog
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon	(Kinda dark) One's fun to smash with a hammer, the other is a delicious snack.
What is Pi squared	Pop-tart.
What's 69	... (NSFW) A great sexual position. What's 6.9? A great sexual position interrupted by a period.
What kind of guns do bees use	BeeBee guns
What Did One Eye Say To Another Eye	Don't Look Now But Something Between Us Smells
What is the difference between a dead baby and a water melon	One's fun to hit with a sledge hammer, the other one's a water melon.
What's the difference between a theatre-snack muncher and a person who watches police sex scenes	One likes popcorn, the other likes cop-porn.
What type of energy supplement do terrorist take	C4
what's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	the taste.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex will make your day, but anal sex will make your hole weak!
What do fables and STDs have in common	Both can be passed on orally!
What do Polar Bears eat for lunch	Ice Bergers.
What did one amputee say to the other	I'm as stumped as you are!
What's the difference between a triangle and Manchester United	A triangle has three points
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair
What kind of transportation does the Pope take	Mass transit.
what's brown and goes through walls	a poopy spooky
What happens when a cow jumps over a barb-wire fence	udder destruction
What do you call a man with no arms &amp; no legs... ...hanging on the wall	Art ...floating in the sea? Bob ...laying on the floor? Matt ...down in a hole? Phil ...sitting in a pot? Stu ...
What do you say when someone makes a racially insensitive comment	That's insensitive, you retard.
What do you call 12 enchiladas	A footilada!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	The Spanish Inquisition.
What did the egg say to the boiler water	It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid last night.
What's the easiest way to come out of the closet	1. Open door 2. Walk out
What do you get if you cross an illiterate african american with an illegal hispanic immigrant looking for a green card	A U.S soldier.
What city loves to eat sandwiches	Koldcutta
What do you call a floating penis	space junk
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my cock down your throat.
What is Donald Trump's favorite album	The Wall
What does a Mexican Morpheus say	Neo, you are the Juan ... I'll show myself the door...
What do you call a nap in computer science class	A CS-ta
What did the prostitute bring to the can drive	Her peas
What's the difference between a woman in a bathtub and a woman in a church	The woman in church has hope in her soul.
What is the only planet you can visit on Earth	Ur anus
What do you say to a one legged hitchhiker	Hop in.
What do you call man without toes	What do you call a man without toes and is allergic to milk? Lack-toes intolerant!!
What's the difference between a race car and a woman	One costs a lot of money to maintain, keep running, and give you the results you want. The other has four wheels.
What are a psychoanalysts first words to a suicide bomber	What makes you tick?
What is better than winning a gold medal at the paralympics	Having two legs
What did the pay phone say when the quarter got stuck inside it	Money's tight these days!
What is long, hard, and full of seamen	A submarine
What's a dentists favorite time	Tooth hurty
What is the definition of ""making love""	Something a woman does while a guy is screwing her.
What does a Bears fan do when his team wins the Superbowl	He turns off his Xbox, and goes to bed.
What's red and goes up and down	A tomato in an elevator.
What's a Yankee	It's like a quickie except you do it yourself.
What did tie say to the hat	You go on ahead, I'll hang around.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish shepherd	One says, ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud!"" The other says, ""Hey, MacLeod, get off of my ewe!
What's the latest big thing to sweep across Japan	The ocean.
What do you call a chinese guy with a long penis	Long Wang... or nonexistent whatever you prefer
What does a boat have in common with a ballsack	They both have a lot of seamen
What do women and parking spots have in common	All the good ones are already taken, and the available ones are either pay or handicapped.
Q: What do you call it when a cat bites	- A:  Catnip!
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay 200 to let a lentil in my mouth.
What breed of dog loves to take a bath	A shampoodle
What do you call a football fan with a cold	A sneezing ticket holder.
What does a Mexican carpet fitter say to motivate his colleagues	Underlay! Underlay!
What's the difference between a prostitute, a girlfriend and a wife	A prostitute says ""Faster, faster!"" A girlfriend says ""More, more!"" A wife says ""Beige... I think I'll paint the ceiling beige.
What's the difference between a poodle humping your leg and a pit bull doing so	The pit bull gets to finish.
What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	You can't hear an enzyme.
What did the Italian diver say when he saw an eel	That's a moray!
What's the most dishonest creature in the sea	The Lionfish.
What is the funniest two legged lizard	The stand-up chameleon.
What did the wind turbine say to Justin Beiber	Justin, I'm a big fan. wheyyyyyyyyyyyy
What do you call a porpoise that acts like a Nazi	Adolfin'
what gets wet when it dries	? a towel
What's the difference between a kitten and your wife	You actually want to cuddle a kitten after you fuck it.
What's the difference between a bag of chips and a duck with the flu	One's a quick snack and the other's a sick quack!
What do you call the accidental nuclear bombing of a furniture plant	Chairnobyl.
What do you get if you take the red circle off a Japanese flag	The French flag.
What vehicle do bicycle riders take to the hospital	An Ambulance Armstrong
What did the Germans name the Israeli Submarine	Das Jude
What's a pirate's favourite Roman numeral	You might think it's II, but his true love be the C.
What do you call a muslim holocaust	Sand Sanitizer.
What's the easiest way to pay a musician	Open the door, hand him the cash and take the pizza
What Do You Call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer	answer: ash
What's a panda's favorite kitchen dish	A pan....duh
What is the hardest part about being a pedophile	Trying to fit in
What do you call it when two transgender people go on a couples cruise around Hawaii	A trans pacific partner ship.
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee, you racist fuck.
What do you call a poor Italian community	a spaghetto.
Q: What do you call a blonde in a tree with a brief case	A: Branch Manager.
What is the best celebration to have in a French Toilet	A biday party!!
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a lawyer	Some adults like lawyers.
What do you call a black guy who flies airplanes	A pilot, you racist.
What do you call two guys above a window	Kurt and Rod
What did the baby elephant get when the daddy elephant sneezed	Out of the way !
What did one font say to the other while at the beach	Serifs up, dude!
What do you call a black hitchhiker	Stranded.
What happened to the brain eating zombie that went to Washington	He starved to death.
What do you call a Mexican baptism	Bean dip
What's the cheapest type of meat	Deer Balls. They're under a Buck!
What is white and 14 inches long	Absolutely nothing. It's MLK weekend, lets have your best white jokes.
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor	A Feminist.
What did the man say when his boss asked him to deal with some potassium	K.
What happens if you cut off your left hand	You would be all right.
What's the difference between an epileptic oysterman and a hooker with diarrhea	One shucks between fits...
What kind of food do the cool fish eat when they study math	Algae bru
What does Donald have up his sleeve	A Trump card.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my foot up your ass.
What was wrong with Han Solo's ""Hanburgers""	They were really Chewie!
What do you call a Harrison Ford one man show	A Han Solo performance.
What do you call an elf who lost all his toys	Legolas
What does Hillary Clinton do when she sees a sniper in Bosnia	Ducks on the ground
What do you call a black guy surrounded by a bunch of white guys	The Allman Brothers.
What kind of bees make milk, not honey	Boo(bees)
What is harder than telling the difference between Chinese people	Telling the difference between Chinese people with down syndrome.
What do Pimps and Santa have in common	They stay with 3 ho's
What policy do the pro-Russia rebels have on gay recruits	Donetsk, don't tell.
What do you call a Chinese billionaire	ChaChing!
What do you call a piece of toast on the ceiling	An Ethiopian rave.
What kind of chips do you eat in the bath	Shower cream and onion.
What separates man from animal	The Atlantic Ocean.
What's the best time of this month for vampires	It depends on the girl
What do you call it when a stripper gives you a free lap-dance	A pro boner.
What do you call a spider that's had a sex change	A trantula.
What kind of vehicle did they use to transport prisoners to concentration camps during the holocaust	Ju-Haul
What do you call a gay indian	A Brave Sucker Best friends dad coughed this one up to his son-in-law that was native american.
What do africans wear on their heads	Ebowla hats
What happens when you smoke weed in Saudi Arabia	You get stoned.
Q: What happened when the elephant sat on  the car	A: Everyone knows a Mercedes Bends!
What was the last thing Beethoven accomplished	Decomposing
What's a math teacher's favorite TV show	Sinefeld
What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil	I've never had a lentil on my chest.
what did they call the disc jockey who kept playing the same songs again and again	DJ Vu
What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men	A massage-inist.
Whats the difference between New York and Middle Earth	Two towers.
What does the nosey pepper do	Get jalapeno business!
What did the one electron say to the other when it asked it out on a date	Get outta here, I'm not attracted to you!
What do you say when Kim Kardashian burns to the ground	Look at all that ash...
What is white and goes up	A stupid snowflake
What do Nate Diaz and Jaime Lannister have in common	They're both Kingslayers and fuck their sisters.
Q: What do teddy bears like to have in their houses	A: Fur-niture.
What did Mr. Spock find in the toilet	The Captains log
What's the name of China's new atmosphere-cleanup program	The Desolation of Smog.
What's a boxers favorite joke	Punchline.
What lights up a soccer stadium	A soccer match.
What happens when a guy from Finland dies	He is finnished. Ha ha ha. God I am so depressed. :(
What do you call a country that doesn't use credit cards	A Czech Republic
What's black and full of holes	Michael Brown
What do the ""Damn, Daniel"" kid and pedophiles have in common	They're both back at it again with the white vans.
What is the cheapest meat	Deer testicles. They're under a Buck.
What's Jewish and runs	The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
What did one gay box say to the other	Nice package...
What's a turtle's favorite type of shoe	Green clog. (looks almost like a turtle shell)
What made Bruce decide against Jacqueline for his new name	He was afraid his nickname would be Jockie.
What's ET short for	Because he's only got little legs.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves	Russell
What's a python's favourite pop group	Squeeze !
What do you call an African disease that only affects the math geniuses	Parabola! ^i'll ^shut ^up^now.
What do nerdy mermaids wear	Algae-bras
Whats the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage	I don't know I just fly the drone.
What does Kayne West masturbate to	He masturbates to the sight of his ego.
What's the best part about getting head from an infant	Watching the soft spot move.
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common	The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
What do you call a sour black guy	A vinegar
What do you call an Alaskan hooker	A frostitute.
What's the difference between a decrepit Greyhound station and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean.
What is currently the greatest crime in China	Identity theft.
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	I can't get hard, I just got laid!
What are gay people's favorite pizza	Meatlovers.
What do you call a zoo that only has dogs	A shit zoo.
What do you call a Chinese man with a pet cat	A vegetarian.
What floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee	Nothing.
What do you call a condom full of money	Johnny Cash.
What song should you sing to a wildebeest on his birthday	Happy Birthday To Gnu!
What should planes be made of to fend off islamists	Allahminium! Since Muslims cant desecrate anything with Allah on it!
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef Strokinoff.
What do drug dealers sit on	KUSHions please tell me that joke is funny, my girlfriend is trying to tell me that it isn't funny. We all know it is.
What happens if an axe falls on your car	You have an ax-i-dent (accident).
What do rocket scientists say about a task that is relatively easy	It's no social skills!
What do you call the boss hit by a shrink ray	Micromanagement!
What's the difference between a hockey team and a Russian woman	The hockey team showers after three periods.
What's the number for poison control	Dancing With the Stars is on and I need to make sure this will be enough.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo on me.
What music do cats prefer	Deadmau5
What's the difference between a Bernie Sanders supporter and a fat stripper	A fat stripper actually gets to the polls.
What did Sam say to the young Americans	Guess where this finger's going.
What is Saddam Hussein's favorite band	My Chemical Romance
What was Hitler's favourite colour	Braun.
What did the ocean say to the shore	Nothing, it just waved.
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell cause she's got a nade in her mouth!
What do you call poppies from eastern Africa	Ethiopium
What do you call a struggling artist	Baroque.
What is the difference between a symphonic orchestra and a bull	The bull has its horns in the front and the asshole in the back!
What's the difference between a star and America	The star has a bright future.
What brings a Jewish family closer together	The bristles
What aspect of the game do women soccer players like most	Getting that good D
Q: What do you call a spooky waterway	A: The Eerie Canal.
What did Obama say to Trump at the White House	Change
What's the difference between my ex and the titanic	The titanic only went down on 1,000 people
What's the difference between a church bell &amp; a church	A church bell peals from the steeple.
What do you call part of a poem written by a Seinfeld character	A George Costanza.
What did the man get for winning the muscle relaxing contest	Atrophy!
What's another word for slaughterhouse	Lumbar mill.
What do you call somebody who suffers from both depression and trisomy 21	Down's in the dumps
What does a burnt pizza, a frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend have in common	One dumbass who never pulls out in time
What sea creature is the most self-centered	A shellfish
What is Mortal Kombat fans' favorite Nigerian state	It's Kano.
What do you call a Transformer that's also an optometrist	Oculus Prime.
What's the difference between Sesame Street and Leonardo DiCaprio	Sesame Street has an Oscar.
What do you call an egg that always gets picked on	The butt of every yolk :(
What do you call a faked pregnancy	A misconception.
What's the difference between a dwarf and an STD	Ones a cunning runt the other is a running cunt.
What do you tell someone who feels that life has shorted them from a purpose or calling	You belong.
What did the mother snake say to her crying baby	Stop crying and viper your nose !
What's a good treatment for insomnia	Bill Cosby
What did the buffalo said to its bisexual son	Bi, son. ^^^^it's ^^^^a ^^^^three ^^^^in ^^^^one ^^^^joke
What kind of bird does 2 Chainz own	Toucan
What's a zombie's favorite snack	Fritos
Whats the difference between a pizza and a black man	A pizza can feed a family of 4 (I'm black so I can say this)
What is the difference between batman and a black guy	Batman can walk into a store without Robin
What do you call 99 bunnies walking forward and they take one step backwards	A receding hare line.
What did the spice scream during sex	Thyme cumin!
What do you call a delicacy made by stripping the skin off of a Native American and cooking it	A Sioux Flay
What is the longest word in the English language	Nina: What is the longest word in the English language? SoSA: SMILES: becoz there is a mile between the first and last letters!"" :P
What do you called an unemployed Jamaican	Jah Bless
What's the difference between a contradiction and a punchline	There's no punchline for this joke.
Whats the technical term for a female to male sex change	An adadictomy
What's the difference between a drummer and shoes in a dryer	Nothing.
What's Bill Cosby's favorite cheese	Camembert.
What has four hairy legs and sleeps with my sister	My father and I
What's a zombies favorite exercise	Deadlifts
What do a drunken cat and the pope have in common	They're both Catholics.
What do you call an Eskimo peeping Tom	Tom tookalook! Went to see my grandma. Dying of cancer but still got a sense of humour!
What did Anakin give to Padme for christmas	Sithilis
What would happen if for one day nobody could make calls with their cellphone in the United States	Literally nothing, because nobody fucking ever answers their phone to begin with.
What is ISIS's favorite smartphone	Samsung Note 7 , according to them it's ""the bomb"" nowadays.
What did the priest say when watering his garden	Let us spray.
What's the difference between pizza and your opinion	I asked for pizza.
What do Saudi guys and girls have in common	They all get stoned constantly.
What did Mike Tyson say when he saw Breaking Bad	That's methed-up!
What has a beginning and an end, but nothing in the middle	Life.
Q: What does a turkey do when he flies upside down	A: He gobbles up.
What else do you need when you use your Batman shampoo	Conditioner Gordon.
What insect is the Wood Ant related to	The Should Ant and the Could Ant.
What do you call a fish with no eye	Fsssssssh
What is grey and hairy and lives on a man's face	A mousetache.
What did Emma Sulkowicz get for her birthday	I don't know but I'll tell you what she didn't get. Raped
What do Chinese bears use to cook	A pan. Duh!
What do you call Barrack Obama with a bad spray tan	Orange is the new Barack! edit: Typo on el presidente's name.
What do you call a dog magician	A Labracadabrador.
What did they bilingual foot model say as he enjoyed chips and warm bread by the fireplace	Tengo toasty toes, toast y toes, y Tostitos."" My friend just posted this to Facebook :)
What US state is it easiest to hide a prostitute in	H-Idaho-e
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a BMW	I don't have a BMW in my garage. ....and if I did, I *probably* wouldn't masturbate in it.
What Pokemon would you catch in Rio De Janeiro	Zikachu.
What do you call a neurotic octopus	A crazy mixed-up squid.
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut sleeps with everyone and a bitch sleeps with everyone but you.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair!
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a pimple	A pimple doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hits were The Wall.
What do you call a Mexican with crazy intentions	A locomotive!
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride	A Holly Davidson!
What's the hardest part of making monster soup	Stirring it.
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed	I don't wanna be Obama self
What do you call a man with no arms or legs in your swimming pool	Bob
What's a neckbeard's favourite country	M'laysia
What is an autograph	A chart which shows car sales.
What does Walter White say when someone tells him a knock-knock joke	Nothing, because he is the one who knocks.
What do you call John Cena in camouflage	Redundant
What do Brooklyn and pantyhose have in common	Flatbush.
What is the shortest, very funny joke you know	ITT: comments about my dink, and people who can't search
What do you call a river that's an actor	Russell Flow
What's the simplest way to prevent rape	Consent.
What do you call an Arab dairy farmer	A milk sheik.
What do you call a child that's good at digging	A minor
What material does Cayde-6 use to repair his armor after falling feet first into hell	Nathan Filaments (   ) X-Post from /r/DestinyTheGame
What kind of martial art does a chef do	Kung food (Don't hurt me, I know it's bad)
What is the only inedible part of a vegetable	The wheelchair
What do you call a tavern that only serves non-alcoholic drinks	A pro-teen bar
What does a statistician call a defective butter substitute	A margarine of error!
What is the last thing that crosses a fly's mind when it hits the windshield	- it's asshole!
What's a SJW's favorite maths topic	Triggernometry
What is a buddhist's favorite pizza	One with everything
What did the tectonic plate say when it bumped into another	Sorry, my fault.
What does it mean when an accountant is drooling out of both sides of his mouth	His desk is level
What does a fish say when it swims into a wall	....Dam.
What is my favorite street sign	Slow children.
What's a Muslims favourite animal	Its Lamb
What do you call a self-absorbed trumpet player	Brasshole
What do you call a slutty dinosaur	A tricerathot
What are my views on lesbian relationships	I view it in HD.
What did the black man get on his SAT's	BBQ sause.
What language do fast talkers from Moscow speak	*Rush*ian!
What's the craziest ""would you rather"" scenario you've ever heard	Time for some new ones, the classics are getting tired...
What is the boogiemans favorite dance move	the boogie
What is an epileptics favourite food	Seizure Salad
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly this dick in your mouth.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head when it hits a windshield	Its ass.
What did Delaware	A New Jersey
What happens when you sit on a grape	It gives out a little wine!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison..
What's the difference between a magic show and a strip show	A magic show is full of **cunning stunts**
What do you call a person who doesn't care that he just got kicked out of a Call of Duty team	*unfazed*
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute	When I cut up a prostitute i don't cry.
What's an otaku's favorite transition metal	Manga-nese!
What kind of coffee does a peg legged pirate drink	Decalfinated.
What does pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common	Both can smell it but can't eat it.
what do you call a lesbian dinosaur	a lickalotapuss... thanks dad.
What is Batman's least favorite ice cream	Vanilla Bane!
What's a redditor's favourite sword move	Riposte!
What do you call someone who tells too many lame dinosaur jokes	I dino-bore! . I'm sorry.
what do you call a deaf Gorilla	Anything you like he cannot hear you
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About 6 drinks
What do you call a Mexican Midget	A paragraph. He's too short to be called an ese
What do you call a Mexican boxing match	Juan v Juan
What type of tree doesn't remove active torrents	A *Cedar* tree.
What caused The Black Death	The police.
What part of a chicken is a musical instrument	The drumstick. (Had this joke stuck in my head for a while so felt like sharing it.)
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph... He isn't a full essay
What kind of ant is good at maths	An accountant !
What do you call a color-blind pop artist	See No Green
What do you call a quadriplegic Canadian	A Can't-adian!
What do you call a bee that has been run over by a car	Bee flat Music joke for those who don't understand. B flat is a note.
What's the difference between pink and purple	The grip.
What happens when a mean girl dies	They write an o-bitch-uary
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	He wipes
What do you call a witch that stays out all  night	A fresh air freak.
What's a bicyclists favorite letter	A! (hands raised up)
What do Brits call a fleshlight	A blowtorch.
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ.
What medicine do you take if your butt hurts	Assprin.
What did 18 Year olds in the Byzantine Empire do for fun	Nothing they were busy teens.
What does a massage therapist with a speech impediment who moonlights as a dubstep dj do all day	Wub, wub, wubs.
What do my dick and my mind have in common	They both want to get blown.
What do you call citizens of Florida who eat at Chick-Fil-A	Gay-ters
What do you get when you cross a tiger and a chicken	Just the tiger
What do you get if you cross an elephant and a kangaroo	Big holes all over Australia !
What should you do if you see a vicious dog	Hope he doesn't see you.
[For HindI speakers] What is the loneliest fruit	A kela
What did the bear say to her date	I'll be down in a minute I'm bearly dressed
What kind of bars do lesbian Eskimos go to	Klondike Bars
What did the stoplight say to the car	Don't look, I'm changing!
What happens if you see twin witches	You won't be able to tell witch witch is witch.
What's a man's idea of a perfect date	A woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
What do you call the runs in space	The floats
What's a pornstars favorite drink	7 up in cider
What do you call an existential lycanthrope	A whywolf.
Q: What are the blonde's first words after 4  years of college	A: ""Would you like fries with that?
What's the worst thing a woman can hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What's the similarity between Bruce Jenner and a Pharaoh	At some point they turned into Mummys
What do you call a dwarf without a mouth	Short for words.
What's ET short for	His stupid little legs.
What has teeth but no mouth	A comb or a saw.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old	Aye matey!
What do you call a milf barista	Joe Mama
What's the difference between me and a dentist	The dentist pulls it out when it hurts.
What is a Catholic choir boy's favorite song	Can't Touch This
What do you say when you are trying to scare your girlfriend	Boo bae! (Read aloud please)
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts!
What do you call the corner of 69th and main	Your moms place of employment
What's the hardest part of breaking up with a leper	They always leave a piece of themselves behind.
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	A few more beers.
What did the Nutzies say to their leader	Heil Dickler
What do people who don't like the slippery slope argument call it	The slippery slope fallacy
What did the sadist say when the masochist said ""Hit me""	No.
What do you call it when a flight attendant gets pregnant	Pilot error.
What does the fan of a shitty rock band, which canceled a gig in his city, say	I want my Nickel back!
What mental illness does Hank Hill have	Propanic Depression
What do you call a white asian who loves cola	Cokeasian.
What did the tailor say about her job	It's sew sew
What do you call a Lesbian with fat fingers	Well hung
What do Romulans and Vulcans do with their high school drop outs	Send them to barber school.
What's a pirate's favorite thing about turning 65	AArrrRP
What does daenerys give to tyrion	A hand job
Whats the difference between a house cat and a polecat	How much their husbands make
What did the drunk egg say	O'm lit!
What do you call a happy cowboy	A jolly rancher.
What do you call a broken snake	A reptile dysfunction.
What is the theory behind Brownian motion of sperms	It's testicle physics.
What do you call racist jokes that are made about black people	Dark humor
What's annoying about going 90 in a school zone	The screaming speed bumps
What would u do if u won the lotto	10yo: Buy legos & a bigger house for u. 11yo: I'd buy a monkey. Going to be extra nice to my 10yo.
What has 10 letters and starts with Gas	Automobile! Everyone says gasoline because they don't think about it.
What do you say to a woman with one black eye	Nothing, you've already told her.
what did the frog say after he finished his book	Reddit.
What's the difference between being hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber.
Whats the difference between american women and middle eastern women	American women get stoned before they commit adultery..
What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common	They both want to get there before the hare does.
What do you call it when an Irish band is caught lip syncing	Sham rock.
What's the difference between the US and yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 300 years, it develops a culture.
What does being in the mafia and eating pussy have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What do phone books and women have in common	They both couldn't vote before 1920
What does Gwen Stefani say when it rains a lot in California	**No Drought.**
What's big and brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What does the boy from Manila spread on his toast	Filipeanut Butter.
Q: What do giraffes have that no other animal has	A: Baby giraffes.
What did the otter say to his girlfriend	You are my significant otter.
What do houses eat when their breath stinks	Apart Mints
What does the floor of my house and a girl with a partial nudity fetish have in common	They both feel a lot wetter when Ive got socks on.
What did the Canadian eel say when the bartender asked him if he'd had enough	No, I think I'd like some more-ay.
What do you call gay Dracula	Cock Dracula, because blood isn't the only thing he's sucking ;)
What's worse than a bee sting	The Holocaust. What's worse than two bee stings? Still the Holocaust. What's worse than the Holocaust? Three bee stings. good'ole anti-humor haha
What did the insect say when he saw a gnat get hit	He did gnat see that coming
What's yellow and always points to the north	A magnetic banana.
What happened when the cow tried to milk itself	It was an udder catastrophe.
What do children think of the world	I don't know, this is the first time I've logged onto Reddit, today.
What do you call a black person in space	An astronaut.
What do they call the lower roadway of the George Washington Bridge	the lower roadway of the George Washington Bridge
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes no legs and no dick? Still no fucking idea
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around	Holmeless.
What if Snow White just pretended to be asleep so she didn't have to clean up after little people anymore	Because that I totally get.
What do you call a dog with iron balls	Sparky.
What do call a fish with a Phd	A brain sturgeon.
What do you tell a metal head who's walking on an icy street	Slip not.
What's the best way to break in a new pair of shoes	Moonwalking
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	Ten-ish.
What is the difference between New York City and the deep south	In the deep south they at least had a show trial before letting murders walk free.
What do you call a brain dead Swede	A vegetable..
What kind of shampoo do people with Down Syndrome use	Tresemme 21
What where Adam's first words to Eve	Don't wash it in there, you'll make the fish smell like that!
What do you call a Pokemon with a STD	Vulvasoar
What is green and has wheels on it	A grass parking lot.
What does a mathematician do when they have constipation....	They work it out with a pencil!
What is a pedophile's favorite musical note	A Minor.
What did the vampire say when his son scraped his knee	**""Suck it up""**
What is the summit of trust	Receiving a blowjob from a cannibal
What's the difference between England and a tea bag	...A tea bag stays in the cup longer! #FIFAWORLDCUPBRAZIL
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	The pilot. ^^^^^You ^^^^^racist ^^^^^fuck.
What do you call a Muslim basketball player's best move	Islam Dunk
What has an N, an I, two G's, an E, and an R and can be used to describe people of a certain color	GINGER.
What were Adam's first ever words to Eve	Stand back - I don't know how big it's going to get!
What's a pirate's favorite subreddit	/r/matey
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One's a Goodyear. The other's a great year.
What do the mafia and 69 have in common	A slip of the tongue and you're in for some shit.
What do you call two stoners sharing a joint over dessert	Joint custardy
What do you get when you cross 400 Obese Water Buffalo with a Transgender Pimp	Clickbait
What is the similarity between tight rope walking and an old lady giving you head	You don't want to look down.
What do you say to Aziz Ansari when you forget his birthday	Aziz, I'm sorry.
what do you call 6.02 X 10^23 atoms of avocado dipping sauce	one guacamole
What's the difference between tuna, glue and a piano	You can tuna piano but you can't piano tuna!
Q: What did the dolphin say to the whale when he bumped into him	A: I didn't do it on porpoise.
What do you do if you come across a tiger	Wipe it off and apologise.
What do you call a Native American who graduated from medical school	A doctor you racist
What did JFK say before going to visit Marilyn Monroe	I choose to go to Marilyn's hotel room this night and do the naughty things, not because she is easy, but because I am hard.
What's a good thing about a novelist conman	He may have a lot of cons, but he also has a lot of prose.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	Halfway.
What is Jamaica's favorite TV series	The Walking Dread
What did the pirate say to his kids when picking them up from school	Get in the carrrrrrrrrrrr!
What do you call patriotic pubes	A Merkin.
What medical device helps people that are uncomfortable looking at male genitalia	A cockleer implant.
What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians	One hundred people who don't do dick.
What sexual position produces the ugliest babies	Go ask your mother.
What did the dead blues musician sing	Didn't wake up this morning...
What's the best angle to tackle a problem	The try-angle
What do you call an academic who apologises all the time	An anthropologist
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator	The fridge don't fart when you pull meat out of it.
What is Donald Trump's favorite river	Denial.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac with an agnostic and a dyslexic	A person who stays up at night, wondering if there's a dog.
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What do you do if a cow is in the middle of the road you're driving on	steer clear
What do you call a small Mexican	A paragraph.
What's a mathematician's favorite plant	The geome-tree!
What's the difference between a Commie and a Hippie	Nothing. They both suck.^
What do you get when you have seven dragon balls	Nothing! This is real life.
What was Hitler's favorite Yugioh card	Blue Eyes White Person
What is agitated buy joyful	A washing machine
What did the IRS agent say to the financially backward store owner	Ehh it's easier If I just write it off as tax evasion
What do you call a rabbi who plays baseball	Big League Jew.
What do you do if an epileptic falls in your swimming pool	Throw in your laundry.
What did the abortionist have for breakfast	Scrambled eggs =p
What do you call a white guy surrounded by a group of black guys	Coach.
What do you call a pirate with no friends	Ginger Beard
What do you call it when a really large number marries a small number	A Ranged Marriage
What do you call Batman who skips Church	Christian *Bale*
What is Hellen Keller's favorite color	Corduroy.
What was the seal's favorite subject in school	ART ART ART!
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable	Baraccoli
What do you call a sleep walking nun	A Roman Catholic
What would be a more appropriate name for spiderman	Peter parkour.
What is a chinese homosexual videogamer called	Gay Ming
What is Julian Assange's favorite vegetable	WikiLeeks.
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Lamborghini	I don't have a Lamborghini in my basement.
What do you get when when you mix cocaine and LSD	Time
What has 6 eyes but cant see	3 blind mice.
What do you call a cock blocker	A knobstacle.
What does 90 year old vagina taste like	Depends
What do you get if you cross a cat with a parrot	A carrot !
What's brown, smelly and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a monkey in a minefield	BABOOM!!
What do you call an erection you get at a funeral	Mourning wood
What do you call a virus that affects your command-line	A Terminal Illness.
What's the coldest type of reptile	Blizzards.
What's Super Mario's favorite type of jeans	Denim Denim Denim
What kind of a joke does a black person not get	Dadjokes
What do you call a mexican baptism	Bean dip.
What do you call a relative of a nap	A napkin.
What is the Jolly Green Giant most afraid of	Avocado pickers
what do you call chess players bragging in a hotel lobby	chess nuts boasting in an open foyer
What is 6.9	A very good moment ruined by a period.
What did the Queen say when she lost her dog	Where the fuck is my corgi?!
What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet	you: R? One might think it's the R, but really, it's the C.
What do you call batman when he runs out of church	Christian bale
[Offensive] Whats the difference between a Mexican and a Pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four. Im sorry if I've offended any pizzas.
What is the fluid capacity of Monica Lewinsky's mouth	One US leader
What did the dog say to the tree	Bark
What time is it after you've eaten a dozen eggs	8:12
What's common between sex on a boat and Coors Light	They are both close to water.
What does a flame smell like	Burnt nose hair.
What's the difference between a terrorist cell and a children's hospital	... Don't ask me man, I just fly the drones.
Whats the difference between a chicken and an alligator	I don't know.
What did the busy port master say to the rowdy pirates who wanted to dock	I don't have time for your ship.
What's white and 12 inches long	Absolutely nothing.
What does Edgar Allen Poe call his women	Edgar Allen's......bitches!!!
What did the Mexican say when his house collapsed on him	Hey, get off me homes !
What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What do you call a Grizzly Bear with no teeth	A Gummy Bear!
What did one chicken say to the other after they  walked through poison ivy	You scratch my beak and I'll scratch yours !
What do you call four Mexicans that have drowned	Cuatro Cinco.
What does a ship weigh when she leaves for a journey	Anchor.
What's the difference between a toddler and a handgun	A handgun can't suck a dick.
What can jelly beans do that you can't	Come in different colors.
What is a stealth bombers favorite banana from Bananas in Pajamas	B2
What's a pirates favorite letter	You think its the R! But its actually the C!
What does 80 year old pussy taste like	Depends.
What's E.T. short for	He's only got small legs.
What did the space between two tiles say	I AM GROUT
What's the hardest thing about skateboarding	Telling your parents you're gay.
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a lima bean	I've never had a lima bean on my face.
What do you call a Mexican Standoff between two people	Juan vs. Juan
What's a blonde's favorite color	A light shade of clear.
What's the difference between Martin Luther King and Donald Trump	Martin Luther King had a dream and Donald Trump is a nightmare.
What do you call a cow that masturbates	Beef jerky.
What doesn't Princess Leia like toy guns	Because the Nerf hurt her.
What's black and white and black and white and black and white and black and white	A Penguin rolling down a hill What's black and white and laughing? The penguin who pushed him
What do you get when you cross a bean and an onion	Teargas
What's the difference between a feminist and a vagina	Nothing. They are both cunts!
What's the main problem with Wookie steaks	They're a little Chewie. (Edit: Wookiee***)
What do women and Spotify ads have in common	They're both annoying and want your money.
What has four legs and says ""hoe de doe, hoe de doe""	Two black guys trying to catch an elevator.
What kind of computer can also sing	A Dell.
What do you call Chewbacca when he has chocolate stuck in his hair	A Chocolate Chip Wookiee.
Whats the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo Bean	I've never had a Garbanzo Bean on my face.
What did Ash say when Pikachu went missing	Where did my Pokemon Go?
What happened when a frog joined the cricket team	He bowled long hops !
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet	The bullet gets out of the chamber.
What do you call a drunk muslim	Hammad. What do you call a VERY drunk Muslim? Mohammad.
What do you say to a video game developer who's not that hard	Ubisoft.
What's the difference between my daughter and my wife	I need viagra to maintain erection with my wife.
What food is given to ebola patients	Pizza because it can be slipped under the door.
What walks on eight legs until the age of one, four legs until the age of twenty, and two legs after	The Weasley twins
What do vegetarian zombies eat	Graaaaaaiiiins......
What did the blonde medical student die from	An aneurysm.
What do 16 year old boys and drug companies have in common	They are both more worried about getting inside you than being effective once there!
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
What bounces and makes little children cry	My donation check to Feed the Children!
What car does Jesus drive	A Chrysler
What did the homeless got for Christmas	Hypothermia.
What is Harper Lee's favorite alcoholic drink	A Tequila Mockingbird.
What do you call Vladimir Putin after an ultimate fighting championship	Vloody Putin
What do you call it when all the Chinese places in town start to close	Wonton endangerment.
What do you call a woman who sells sex for noodles	A Pasta-tute!
Whats does Copy pasta taste like	The same
What do Canadian banks and psych wards have in common	They both contain locked up loonies!
What's Wayne Static's relationship with drugs	[**I SEE IT!** ooooohh **I NEED IT!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps0MfBG5-Uo#t=1m24s)
What does Michael Jackson have in common with a second place racehorse	They both came in a little behind.
What do you call Rowan Atkinson watching Monty Python	A jellybean.
What did the lead researcher say when all of her colleagues were complaining about the experiment	I don't care et al.
What is the sound of a homophobic magician	POOF!
What language do teapots speak	Teabrew.
What did Charlie Bucket say when Willie Wonka peed on him	I've got a golden tinkle in my eye...
What's the president's favorite vegetable	Barack-oli
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot you fukin' racist.
What is Hitler's favorite type of food	Not Seafood
What's the holiest, French color	Sacred blue!
What's the fastest way to ruin free pie	Put the word 'gluten' at the beginning
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	I'll see you next month
What do you call a dog that likes Mexican food	A Qdoberman!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a Mexican Midget	A paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.
What do a clitoris,an anniversary and a toilet have in common	?? Men usually miss all three.
What do you call a fascist fish	Gill Duce.
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion	Decalfinated
What's the difference between a psychotic mental patient and a man with a bible in his hand	Respiridol
What kind of liquid does a pig's printer use	oink
What do you call a university full of fat girls studying neuroscience	A hippocampus.
Q: What do you call a dear with no eyes	A: No eye-deer.
What is worse than Spygate	Deflate-Gate
What's the difference between my wife and a terrorist	You can negotiate with a terrorist.
What DOESN'T Bruce want for Christmas from his ex	A Krismas goose.
What did the Moderate Moslem say before hitting a guy for criticizing his religion	It's alright, reddit'll say this had nothing to do Islam.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets	A woman EDIT: Grammar
What are two things you can't give a black person	(Semi racist) A black eye and a fat lip.
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Adolf Hitler	? Michael Phelps managed to finish a race.
What do you call the space between a Mormon's butthole and balls	a Latter-day taint!
What body part never seems to win	The feet.
What did the maxi-pad say to the fart	You are the wind beneath my wings.
What's dark, and usually involved in crime	A balaclava.
whats the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	...one is a little lighter
What's the quickest way to kill 100 Mexicans	Blow up their car.
What do you call two healthcare professionals hanging out	A paramedics.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist fuck
What do internet pirates have on their legs	j.pegs
What do you call a republican fashion director	Clothed minded
What does a mermaid mathematicion wear	An Algae-bra.
What's the best trade a palindrome has ever made	A nut for a jar of tuna.
Whats the difference between man united and a clown	ones a complete laughing stock and the other ones a clown.
What sound does a Polish crow make	Krakow
What do you call a rapper will killer abs	6Pac
What kind of baseball do burgers play	Ketchup baseball!
What do you call a mexican who lost his car	carlos
What vehicle does a baker drive	A Winnebagel
What's his name	A man walks into a bedroom and sees a hot, naked woman lying face-down on the bed. Q: What's his name? A: Willie Turner Q: What's *her* name? A: Betty Will
What's the difference between an erection and a Ferrari	[whisper] I don't have a Ferrari.
What is the difference between michael jackson and pimples	Pimples wait until you're thirteen before they come all over your face.
What does an educated owl say	Whom.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks	You can't take a joke.
What is Darth Vader's least favorite band	Faith No More
What is the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb
What do the pizza delivery guy and the gynecologist have in common	They both can smell it, but can't eat it.
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song	Crimea River...
What's a homophobic congressman's favorite place to swim	In da Nile
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $50 to have a garbanzo bean on my face :O
What is another name for a Nissan Cube	A tool box.
what do British people say when Satan is on his period	Bloody Hell!!!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr Dre....
What's the difference between a black man and Batman	Batman can walk into a store without Robin.
What do Lady Gaga and E. L. James have in common	They both wrote bad romance.
what's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	the taste
What do you call a bear that likes men when it's happy and women when it's sad	A Bipolar Bear
What do locking the keys in your car and getting your girlfriend pregnant have in common	both can be solved with a coat hanger
What's 9 and a half inches long and satisfies all c*nts	An iPad.
What do you call a girl with two dicks right by her face	Cockeyed. Thought of this one in LA traffic! Hope I made it up...
What's the difference between the stock market and women	With the stock market you can only lose when you pull out.
What should you do if you're cold	Stand in a corner. They're usually 90 degrees.
What do you do for a pig with sore muscles	Rub him with oinkment.
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the South	Nothin. You're gonna lose a trailer either way. -Robin Williams
What do you call a Slavic spouse	Czech-mate
What do you get when you mix a dog and a tulip	A collieflower
What did the oyster say to the fish who stole it's shell	Stop being shellfish!"" *drops microphone, walks away*
What did the number zero say to the number eight	Nice Belt
What martial art do cows practice	Moo-thai.
What's a woman's best curve	Her smile.
What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf	Little.
What's the best part of having sex with a transvestite	Reaching around and imaging you are poking through Old guy at work told me that hahaha
What do vegan zombies say	GRAAAAAAINS!
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The Wheelchair.
What's yellow and can't swim	A bulldozer
What do you call five black guys having sex	A threesome 3/5ths compromise
What does a owl say when it stumps it foot	OOOOOWWWWLLLL....
What do you call someone who gets stoned and baked	A witch.
What do you call it when two robots have sex	Automating.
What's the worst smell in the world	An anchovie's cunt.
What does a Pirate prefer to wear	Doublet or nothing.
What do you get when you hire an owl to babysit your kids	A real hootenanny!
What do married people do for fun	Get divorced.
What's the thing u don't tell a vampire	Bite me.
What kind of game are Americans worst at	Tower defense.
What is black and has two broken arms	Muammar Gaddafi's sunglasses
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip-off
What does toilet paper and office paper have in common	You can write on both of them with a No. 2
What did Shakespeare say when asked how his wife keeps things interesting	Anne hath a way.
What do turtles and pedophiles have in common	They both get there before the hare/hair.
What do you call a gay guy in a coma	A tomato
What do you call a couple of Irish guys hiking in the woods	Trail micks.
What do you call two obese lesbians who are about to turn in for the night	Bedward ScissorHams
What do you call a fat mexican jedi	Obese Juan Kenobi
What does primate meat taste like	Oh, it has sort of an orangutang to it.
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic	Someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is dog.
What do cat actors say on stage	Tabby or not tabby !
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	Snowballs.
What is a feminist's least favourite Maths topic	Trigger-nometry.
What happened before the Big Bang	The Big Foreplay.
What sound does a debugging Web Developer make	Open, Close!.................. Open, Close!.................. Open, Close!.................. *only true Web Developers will understand* *original joke*
What do Nazis do on a beach vacation	They ride on Adolf-in no? I'll see myself out.
What do you use to buy drinks	Bar tender
What's an Australian kiss	The same thing as a French kiss, except it's Down Under.
What does Taylor Swift say when going down a slide	Weeeeeeeeeee, are never never never, getting back together.
What should you take for stomach pain	A shit
What did the mermaid wear for good luck on her math test	Her *algaebra*.
What do you call a pony mixed with a robot	RoboClop....so sorry
What do you call an artist with a brown finger	A Pickassho
What do you call two gay Scotsmen	Ben Dover and Phil Mcrakkin
What do you get if 2 black men sleep in a sleeping bag	A twix bar
What did ""Nock"" say to ""K""	You can join us, as long as you stay quiet.
What do you call the outside of a hand gren-egg	The bombshell !
What's the most sensitive part on a female dinosaur	Her clitosaurus...
What do you call a joke with the wrong punchline	To get to the other side!
What's the difficult part about having a dingo for a pet	It takes 10 months to give it a good meal
What's better than tennis	Elevenis
What said a person who got run over by a car	I'm tired"".
What do you call a fruit that stays up very late to study for tests	A cramberry.
What do you call a female comedian	not funny
What would happen if tarantulas were as big as  horses	If one bit you you could ride it to hospital !
What's the difference between a pest and vermin	Walt Disney.
What did Hillary say when she lost	Putin end to my life.
What comes after Z	A question mark.
What does a dancing piece of land in the middle of nowhere	Plot twisting!
What do you call a t-shirt with stalks of wheat on it	A crop top!
What do a silver medalist and a child molester have in common	They both came in a little behind
Q: What do you call an Oyster who is stuck in traffic	A: A PearlJam
What's green and smells like pig shit	Kermit's finger.
What do you call a ghost in spring	April ghouls
What's a Buccaneer	They're on the side of your buccin head.
What is a Muslims favorite type of vinegar	BalIslamic
What do you do if you're lost in an Icelandic forest	Stand up!
What's the difference between KFC and China	At KFC, you can only get breasts, legs, and thighs.
What do you call a prostitute working for Disney	High Ho, High Ho
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*gags*
What did Alex Trebek say when he was about to lose his job	My career is in Jeopardy!
What is a duck's favorite drug	Quack. Girlfriend came up with it. It was so bad it was good.
What do they call pita bread in Mexico	Pita pan
What did the scat fetishist say to his wife before divorcing her	I've had enough of your shit.
What do rednecks do for Halloween	Pump-kin
What do toy trains and boobs have in common	They were both designed for the kids but it's the dad that ends up playing with them.
What do you call a well-behaved Indian takeaway	A proppadom
What is every Amish woman's dream	Two Mennonite.
What do gay guys call hemroids	Speed bumbs.
What is the difference between a duck	Only one of them is syntactically incorrect.
What do you call Al-Qaeda's April Fools prank	A jihahahad!
What music service do potatoes like to use	Spudify.
What spice is the most welcoming	Cumin
What kind of batteries does a Harvard undergrad use	AAA
What does Bruce Lee like to eat before a fight to the death	QUINOOOOAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
What insect can be spelled with just one letter	Bee.
What was the score of the lobster soccer game	Zero to zero. Lobsters can't kick soccer balls.
what did one typewriter say to the other	I must be pregnant ... I missed a period ...
What is white and square	A ping pong block.
What do ducks do at Christmas time	They Duckerate cookies. ...lol...
What do you call two Mexicans on a firetruck	Hose A and Hose B.
What do you call a black guy on the moon	An astronaut
what do you call a black guy that flies airplanes	A pilot you fucking racist!
What is the good thing about Alzheimer's disease	That you get to meet new people everyday!
What's the difference between a woman and a washing machine	A washing machine doesn't follow you around stalking you after you toss a load in it.
What's the difference between an egg and Elliot Rodger	An egg gets laid before it cracks.
What does Sonic say during Ramadan	Gotta go fast
What do you call an Indian man standing on one leg	Balan Singh
What is an apt gift for a female porn star that collects vintage comic books	An issue of *Giant Sized Man-Thing*
What's the difference between Caitlyn Jenner and a 6 year old pretending to be a T-Rex	The 6 year old never killed anyone with a car
What does a frog do when it's sad	Kermits suicide.
What do you call a droid who's never on time	BB-L8
What did the noble gas sound like when he laughed	He He He
What do we want now!	When do we want 'em? Time machines!
What do you call an angry German	Sauerkraut.
What's the difference between a bad coffee in Switzerland and a bad coffee in Italy	When you drink a bad coffee in Switzerland you say, ""Merci!"".
Whats a similarity between a pizza delivery guy and a gynecologist	They both smell it, but they can't eat it.
What would a midget be jealous of at a little kid	The kid is over 5 feet tall.
What's the difference between a car salesman and a technology salesman	The car salesman knows he is lying.
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend	30 pounds. (and then the female come-back): What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes!
What's the difference between David Bowie and porn	Porn sometimes features good music. R.I.P
What do you call a redneck with two sheep	A Pimp
what's pink and hard	... Micheal Jackson...still.
What do you call a psychic midget that broke out of jail	A small medium at large
What's a neckbeard's favorite asian country	M'Laysia
What's red and green and goes 100mph	A frog in a blender.
What do you call two people having sex in the bushes	Thornication
What brand of butter do frogs eat	Country Croak.
What would a Christian Rap album featuring only UPS drivers be titled	The Deliverance
What did the astronaut say to his girlfriend when he broke up with her	I need some space.
What'd they call that place with the collection of escape artist memorabilia	now museum, now you don't
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Ye'd think it was R, but his first love be the C.
What do you do before deploying a tickle into production	A testicle!
What makes a black joke funny	A grape punch line
What is wrong with a turtle who can't come out of his shell	Ereptile dysfunction
What magazine makes cows stampede to the newsstand	Cows-mopolitan!
What is the new LGBT flavor enhancer for cunnilingus	(wait for it ... wait for it ...) creme brulee
What's black and white and red all over	After it was stuck in traffic because of protesters blocking the freeway: a police car.
what did the grape say when it got stepped on	nothing but it let out a little wine
What do you call a horse who disagrees with you	Glue.
Q: What's the difference between Aeroflot and the Scud Missile	A: Aeroflot has killed more people.
what's a political campaign we can all get behind	gay rights
What do you call a huge pair of tits you want to see but never get a chance to	Cliffhangers
What is the difference between God and my love life	Some people think God is real.
What do Scrooge McDuck and dragons have in common	They love to swim in gold coins.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros	Eleph-ino
What's a Jew's favorite brand of hotdog	Anne Frank's
Whats the great way to lose some pounds	Leave the EU.
What's black and doesn't work	A broken light bulb you racist bastard.
What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison	A small medium at large
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets	A Woman
What's all pent-up and missing a cunt	Chelsea Manning.
What did the gay Zombie crave	BRIANS.
What do you call a religious owl	A bird of pray.
What did a Mexican take Xanax for	For Hispanic attacks
What kind of cheese do you use to entice a bear down from a tree	Camembert!
What do you call a midget psychic that broke out of jail	A small medium at large
What's a Tijuana hooker's favorite president	El BJ!
What do condoms prevent	Minivans.
What do you call 100 black people buried neck deep around a basketball hoop	Afroturf
What do Mormonism and LSD have in common	Dyslexia
What do light and hard have in common	You can sleep with a light on.
What's the difference between a repost and a bullet	I don't want to put a repost in my mouth
What is a mattress' favorite season	Spring.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo	I've never had a garbanzo on my face.
What do you call a person that worships NASCAR	A racist!
What kind of star wears sunglasses	A movie star.
What are an Italian bench warmer's favorite vegetables	Asparagi!
What was Forrest Gump's email password	1forrest1
What did the Seven Dwarfs say when the prince woke up Snow White	Welp.... I guess it's back to jerking off!
What is the Great Saiyaman's favorite Adam Sandler movie	You Don't Mess with the Gohan
What's a terrorist's favorite type of game	An RPG
What do you call it when someone comes to your house and takes all your pottery	Home Depot.
Whats long, brown and sticky	A stick.
What kind of music did Jesus hate	Anything by Judas Priest and Nine Inch Nails.
What do you call Dr Dre, Eazy-E, Ice Cube and MC Ren rapping on top of Mt. Everest	Niggas with Altitude.
What do you call a woman with one short leg	ilene.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	Roaming Catholic.
Whats the difference between a girl and a washing machine	When I dump a load in the washing machince, it doesnt follow me around
What colour does a smurf turn when you choke it	I don't know, I was too busy masturbating.
What did the three-legged horse do when it started to rain	It ran to the unstable.
What's the difference between a lobster with boobs and a filthy bus stop	One's a busty crustacean while the other's a crusty bus station.
[NSFW] What is the difference between two towers	A plane
What do you get when you cross a railroad with a refrigerator	Killed.
What is a stalkers favorite part of a hospital	the I see you.
What happened to the clock that was still hungry	It went back 4 seconds.
What did the Japanese woman do when the Titanic sank	She raughed (raft).
What does a German call a party without Sausage and Cheese	A Wurst-Kase Scenario
What do you get when you dress the Hulk in Captain America's clothes	A Star-Spangled Banner.
What do a tomato and a gay quadriplegic have in common	They are both fruits that are kind of like vegetables.
What kind of girl does a hamburger like	Any girl named Patty!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A Roman Catholic
What's the difference between a job and a wife	After 10 years, the job still sucks.
What's common between Hitler and Taco Bell Both are responsible for gassing lots of people. _________ Source: http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/skeh8/taco_bell_on_420/c4eqbvj	context=2
What did sushi A say to sushi B	WASABI!!!
What did the mermaid forget to bring to math class	Her algae bra
What did two twins name a towing company started in lower Manhattan	The Twin Towers.
What day do fries hate the most	Friday
What do the Montreal Canadians and marijuana addicts have in common	Both of them smoke the leafs
What is the difference between a 14 year old boy in the U.S. and one in Mexico	A 14 year old boy in the U.S. is a freshman and one in Mexico is a senor
What is the hardest thing about staring at a pile of dead babies	(Possible NSFW) My erection.
What do you call a guy who wants to join the mile high club by himself	A high-jacker.
What's black &amp; blue covered with blood	The 12 year old in my trunk that faught back!!
What did the doctor say to the witch in  hospital	With any luck you'll be able to get up for a spell.
What is the difference between jam &amp; jelly	I can't jelly my dick in her ass...
What blod type am I	Type-O
What kind of tea do the crime investigation team drink	A ""casual tea
What do cheese and cancer have in common	Americans put it everywhere!
What does an 80-year-old person taste like	Depends.
What do you call a fat woman with a rape whistle	Optimistic
What does a priest and a second place runner have in common	(NSFW) They both came in a little behind.
What did the rest of Europe say to the UK during the heat wave	UK m8?
What's the difference between a feminist and a knife	The knife has a point
What`s the definition of frustration	A 16 year old boy outside the Fuck-For-A-Buck shop with only 99 cents.
Whats the difference between a bird and a fly	A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!
What do you get when you combine a dill pickle and a doughnut	a dildo
What is the one thing you shouldn't do at a funeral	The corpse.
What's the funniest joke you know	(Here's one of mine) Two flies were arguing on a toilet seat. One got pissed off.
What's the most outplayed joke in all of /r/jokes	[removed]
What do you call a black guy on the moon	An Astronaut, you fucking racists.
Whats black and white and red all over	A nun having her period.
What do you call a pirate from Ireland	? Arrrish
What's the difference between an Alto and a Tenor	The Tenor doesn't have hair on his back.
What is the difference between a priest and a pimple	A pimple waits until your 12 to come on your face
What does Bernie Sanders say when he gets a haircut	Remove only the top 1% please.
What do you call a food that turns black people on	An *afro*-disiac.
What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you	A pool table.
What do dildos and tofu have in common	They're both substitutes for meat.
What do a Christmas tree and a Priest have in common	The balls are just for decoration
What do you can an agent orange attack on Bangkok	Thai die.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	A gang rape
What do you call a Mexican child molester	A Pedrophile
What do ghosts do when they're sad	They get in an elevator to lift their spirits.
What is the Ape monster's name	Godzilla Gorilla!
What kind of fish is made out of two sodium atoms	Tuna (2Na).
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and a colored wash	Whites occasionally get inside a colored wash.
What do you say when a dog runs away	Dog-gone!
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	Quarter pounder with cheese!
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quick sand	Cuatro cinco
What it Princess Zelda's favorite food	Hot Links
What's as big as a horse but weighs nothing	A horses shadow!
What did the Borg's existential brother say (Star Trek)	Existence is futile.
What do Lena Dunham &amp; ISIS have in common	They both love stoning women.
What do you call a mathematician who fakes injuries	Fibbinouchie.
What do you call an irritated nerd	A noyd.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	A hippo weighs a ton while a zippo is a little lighter.
What's the worst part about working in a glory hole	You only get paid in tips.
What do you call a valley girl giving a blowjob for louis vuittons	Head over heels
What is the most well educated type of nut	Macademia.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a trashcan full of dead hookers	I don't have a Porsche in my garage.
What's the difference between gluten and hillbillies	One's inbred, the others in bread
What did Sheldon say to Penny	BaZINCa!!
What was Hitler's favourite animal	Adolphin.
What did Death say when his furniture was repossessed	There will be reapercushions.
What do priests and christmas trees have in common	Their balls are just for decoration.
What did the gay frog say to his bf	Rimit rimit..
What do call an old man that asks questions	Pop Quiz
What time of day is the saddest	The mourning
What does a witch get if she's a  poor traveler	Broom sick.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a grape	Elephant grape sine theta.
What do you call a sick bird	An illegal.
What's E.T. short for	Because he's only got little legs.
What's common between Hillary and Bill Clinton	A jew blowing their presidency
What's the difference between lust, love, and just plain showing off	Spitting, Swallowing, and gargling.
What are the consequences of smoking weed	The reefercussions
What's the difference between a prostitute and a rooster	The rooster says ""cock-adoodle-do"" whereas the prostitute says ""any cock'll do
What's a man's idea of foreplay	A half hour of begging.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer	Mick Jagger sings ""eh you, get offa mai cloud"", but the Scottish farmer says ""eh McLeod, get offa mai ewe!
What's the difference between a dog barking at the front door and a woman screaming at the back door	If you let the dog in, it will shut up.
What do you call a Tumblr user who identifies as a device which inflates a tire	A pumpkin!
What does the bumper sticker say on Caitlyn Jenner's car	My Other Penis is a Vagina
What is the proper way to parallel park	Park somewhere else.
What's the difference between voicing your opinion on reddit and getting gang raped	In one at least you get some sex out of it.
What's the difference between a midget chess team and a ladies track team	One is a group of cunning little runts.... the other is a group of running little C^#@$
What did the left leg say to the right leg	Between me and you, we need a haircut. (I got this from some UK magazine years ago)
What do you call two bananas	Slippers
What are nuts on a wall	NSFW Wallnuts. What are nuts on a chest? Chestnuts. What are nuts on your chin? Dick in your mouth!
What goes ""Clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, BANG, clip clop, clip clop""	Amish drive by shooting.
What do you call a black person who smokes	An e-cigger. I'm going to hell for thinking of this.
what's the difference of Batman and a black-man	batman can go to shop without robin.
What should you call a bald teddy	Fred bear !
What's a foot long and slippery	A Slipper. :D
What's it called when two perfectionists sleep together	Anal sex.
What do you call a field used to grow bows and arrows	An archerd.
What led to the discovery of gravitational waves	A simple game of hopscotch: Me v. Yo Mama
What is a shitzu	A zoo with no animals.
What do you call an Egyptian back-doctor	A Cairo-practor.
What's the procrastinator's favorite song	Tooomorrow, tomorrow, I love yah, tomorrow.."" (You're always a day away)
What do you call a politician with premature ejaculation	A one-pump Trump
What do you call a dog with no legs	You don't, you go get it
What do you call a pretty lady on the arm of a drummer	A Tattoo.
What do you call a guy with a 2 inch penis	Justin.
What would happen if all of the mass in the universe turned into energy	The universe would be light.
What was Prince's greatest ""Hit	Purple Vein
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt	The codpiece he made out of his girlfriend's face.
What did the gay guy say to Pinocchio	Lie to me motherfucker.
What is yellow and goes bzzzzzz	An electric banana.
What do you call post-modern Persians	PomIranians
What's the difference between Stephen Hawking and a walkie-talkie	Stephen Hawking doesn't walkie or talkie.
What do the average woman and kids on a snow day have in common	They're both hoping for nine inches, but will be happy enough with five.
What kinds of clothes do protons wear	Plus sizes!
What will a blind, deaf child with no arms get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call a Car Bomb shot with a shot of Fireball	A Paul Walker.
What's the difference between me and a calendar	The calendar has dates *sigh*
What does a girl from Kentucky say after sex	Git off me Pa. You crushin ma Copenhagen
What is the worst place to have the ""you break it, you buy it"" rule	The pet store
What do you call a retarded psychic who just escaped from prison	A small medium at-large!
What did the pirate say when he walked into the brothel	arggg! thar she blows
What's the best part about bangin' twenty six year olds	You get to meet Jared Fogel.
What does Charles Darwin use to moisturise his skin	Evo-lotion.
What did the Buddhist monk say to the pizza guy	Make me one with everything.
What is Jesus' favorite mathematical operation	The Cross Product
What is the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would NEVER drop a bag of cocaine.
What does L in Samuel L. Jackson stand for	Motherfucker. (from somewhere in YouTube comments)
Whats the difference between a Pimple and a Catholic Priest	One will wait until you're 13 to come all over your face.
What did the baby corn say	what did the baby corn say to momma corn? where is popcorn.
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone but you.
What did the brain dead guy have for breakfast	Comatoast!
What do you call a redneck girl who can run faster than her brothers	A virgin.
What did Ronda Rousey's face look like after her fight with Holly Holm	It was all broused up!
What do you call people waiting in line for Vietnamese soup	Pho queue.
What do we want	A cure for Tourettes! When do we want it? dejbxwsishcuntbxwddhiqxbjsbjx!
What do you call a huge pile of kittens	A meowntain!
What's the difference between Harambe and Michael Jackson	One was shot for playing with little children.
What begins with P and ends with orn	Popcorn, of course!
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's gonna take me a little while to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
What if horses rode horses	And then THOSE horses rode MORE horses? Then it's like, whoa dude! Check out that big stack of horses!
What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand	Cuatro sinko
What's a Mexican's favourite letter	C. LOL! I heard this at work today, top fucking bantz!
What's better than eating a mandarin	Eating Amanda out
What does a mechanic do for a one night stand	... He nuts and bolts.
What do you call a Muslim abortion clinic	Counter-terrorism
What do Donald Trump and Pokemon have in common	The only thing they can say are their name and random bullsh**.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year old	Eric Clapton wouldn't drop a bag of cocaine out a window
What is a baby elephant after he is five weeks old	Six weeks old !
What do you call a kinky secret society	Illumi-naughty.
What do ghosts drink for Halloween	BOOOOZE!
What do you call a criminal dwarf on an escalator	A little con-descending
What do a moped and a fat chick have in common	Both are fun to ride but you'd never want your friend to catch you on one.
What difference does an ""A"" make	Between NASA and NSA--it's astronomical.
What's so great about nihilism	Nothing.
What do you call a Jewish Deer	Half a buck
What do you call an asshole horse rider	A Jerk-ey.
What's a pirate's favorite favorite letter	You'd think its R but it's actually the C
What do you get when you cross-breed a shark and a cow	I have no idea but I wouldn't try milking it.
What's the Syrian girl doing on the swing	Pissing off the sniper
What do you say to a burn victim if you pour acid on them	Woops, tee hee.
What do you call it when a gay man is taking a poop	Filling a bowl of fruity pebbles.
What is hot and makes me hard	Being covered in lava.
What did the music thief do in college	Take notes.
What did the college junior say just before her toe was cut off	NO PLEASE DON'T CUT OFF MY TOE!
What do you call a policeman with a thing for MLP	A clop cop.
What's the similarity between a burned pizza and parents	If it's black it won't give you any food
What do you call a guy having phone sex	Hard of hearing
What do Kermit the Frog and David Cameron Have in Common	They both like to pork.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
What's the difference between a pizza and a bass player	The pizza can feed a family of four.
What kind of leash should you buy for a Chihuahua	A short one!
Q: What did the leopard say when it ate the man	A: That hit the spot.
What's yellow and black that makes you laugh	A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
What company spent over $6.2 billion in buying Viagra	Microsoft
What's the difference between anal sex and oral sex	Oral sex makes your whole day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
What did woody and buzz say to your mom	Strange to see your toys have the same name as us.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef. What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with two legs? YOUR MOMMA!
Whats the resemblance between a prostitute and bungee jumping	You enjoy them both untill the rubber snaps.
What restaurant does a fast food worker/hacker work at	HackDonalds.
What do you call a mexican who's lost his car	Carlos.
What do you call it when a neurologist is found embezzling and he later runs away	A Fraudian slip.
What do you call people migrating to Sweden	Artificial Swedeners.
What do you get when your cross an elephant with a rhinoceros	'Ell if I know!
What do the Irish hate more than potatoes	No potatoes.
What did the two narwhals say at midnight	Nothing, they just baconed.
What is an architects favorite movie	Angles in the Outfield
What's the name of the operation to change a woman into a man	Addadictomy.
What do you call an Iraqi bodybuilder	A Mosul man
What do you call the death of a superior	A promotional opportunity.
What kind of a pitch did Sandy Koufax of the old Burger-lyn Dodgers have	A fastball - a sizzler.
What's better than winning a Silver Medal at the Paralympics	Not being disabled.
What do you call an eagle that is sick	Illegal
What's yellow and hurts when it gets in your eye	Bull dozer
What do women and rocks have in common	You can skip the flat ones.
What kind of Bee is full of milk	A BooBee.
Whats green and goes round and round at 100  miles an hour	A frog in a blender !
What do you call a sinking ship full of condiments	Sinko de Mayo
What do you call a man with a very long, pointy penis	Lance. I'll see myself out.
What does a lawyer wear to work	A lawsuit!
What do you do when you see a Flock of Seagulls	You run. You run so far away.
What do you call two lesbians in a canoe	fur traders
What do you call 2 Mexicans in a boat with a case of beer	A pinat
What did the banana say to the vibrator	I don't know why you're shaking, I'm the one about to be eaten!
What do you call it when you roofy a jello shot	A Bill Cosby.
What do you call two banana peels on the floor	Slippers
What kind of sex do you have twentyseven year olds	Any kind you want, there's twenty of them
What do you call Rihanna if she gets fat	A Rihanna Grande
What would you call Tony Stark after a sex change operation	Fe Male
What's a bigger problem, ignorance or apathy	I don't know and i don't care.
What do you call a fish who works for the government	An Official.
what do you call two crows on a branch	attempted murder
What do you call a Macho Man Randy Savage that does not belong to you	&gt;Nacho Man Randy Savage!!!!! this is my original content!!!!
What's the worst part about a potato famine	You can't get to the root of the problem.
Q: What did the ghost say on December 25th	A: Scary Christmas!
What do you get when you sleep with someone and it goes really well	High sexpectations.
What do you get when you ask for a Roman pinch hitter	An Italian sub!
What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	Your mom cant take a joke.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick up your arse
What do the Japanese do during erections	They vote.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock in your ass.
What does 70 year old pussy taste like	Depends.
What do you call the amount of time it takes to win an argument with a lawyer	An attornity.
What do you call a sugary werewolf	a glycan
What's ET short for	He's only got little legs
What is an autobiography	The life story of an automobile.
What is the difference between a Mountain Lion and a Guppy	A Guppy likes to muck around the fountain; a Lion likes to fuck around the Mountain.
What do they call a list of athletes in Jamaica	A rasta.
What is Santa's favorite type of cookie	Ask your dad.
What's the similarity between a match and a black person	You have to strike them against a rough surface to get them to work.
Q: What do flies wear on their feet	A: Shoos.
What did the palestinians give Yasser Arafat when he died	A 21 stone salute!
What did the man ask the bush after being attacked by it	The man asked ""Why did you attack me?"" The bush replied ""I am bush.
What is the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut is a girl who sleeps with everyone. A bitch is a girl who sleeps with everyone **except you**!
What sets apart anal sex and regular sex	Regular sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your hole weak...
What did the alien say to the gardener	Take me to your weeder.
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow	A: Spoiled milk.
What's a storm trooper's favorite pollster	Pew! Pew! Pew!
Whats the difference between a Mod and a cheat	Mods can be [deleted]
What's the best part about having multiple personality disorder	Banging your best friend's wife every night!
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	(you're mom can't take a joke)
What hurts	When a man with a boner runs against a wall. And what is embarrassing? When his nose touches the wall first.
What's the most annoying thing someone can say	Nevermind.
What's the difference between a group of crafty midgets and a jogging club comprised exclusively of women	The former is a band of cunning runts...
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked	A seatbelt.
What's grey and lights up	An electric elephant !
What's the best give you can give someone	A broken drum because you just can't beat it.
What does a Rubik's Cube and a penis have in common	The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
What is a small, one story home made of poop called	A dungalow
What did one mushroom say to the other as he passed him on the street	Porta-hello
What did the cannibal get when he was home late for dinner	A cold shoulder
What do you get when you cross a dinosaur and a homosexual	A megasauranus.
What do you call a Chinese man with one leg shorter than the other	Li Ning
What kind of bears don't have teeth	Gummi bears. ;)
What's black and white stinks and hangs from a line	A drip dry skunk.
What happens when Superman sees Superwoman	He becomes the Man of Steel
What do you call someone who has to pay for sex	Buy-sexual (I know it is cheesy, but I thought of it all on my own.)
What does a Triceratops sit on	His Tricerabottom
What do you call a guy in a lot of debt	Owen.
What does the gay horse eat	Haaaaayyyyy
What's the difference between a mailbox and a cow's ass	I don't know."" ""Then you shouldn't deliver mail.
What is the first sign of AIDS	Sharp pounding sensation in your ass.
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table.
What's the difference between bullets and everyone	Everyone misses Harambe.
What's the difference between a thief who steals timepieces and a man at a strip club	One snatches watches and the other watches snatches.
What do you call tiny waves that wash up onto a beach	Microwaves!
What did the conservatives say to the abortion rights supporters	You'll never de-fetus.
What do you call a werewolf that knows it's a werewolf	A self-awarewolf.
What happens when a midget smokes weed	He gets medium.
What do you call it when an escort farts	A prosti-toot
What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn't make me fat	Fingernails. XD
What happened to German Orphans after WW2	Did they ever get back on the Reich track? (I saw the post in /r/history earlier and was disappointed to find it was a serious question. I fixed it.)
What quality was the wine that Jesus made	Bloody good.
What's a poops favorite color	Turdquoise
What's worse than being struck by a lightning	Being struck by an iMac.
What did Anakin see when he walked in on his master unannounced	Obi wankin' Obi
What color is the most metal	Ma*djent*a
What do you get when two giraffes collide	a giraffic jam!
What's the difference between Frenchmen and some toast	You can make soldiers out of toast!
What kind of marijuana do cows smoke	moo-dicinal
What vegetable is a bug most afraid of	Stephen Hawking
What do women and floor tiles have in common	If you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for years.
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles	Yoko Ono. --------------- The Beatles have reformed and have brought out a new album. It's mostly drum and bass.
What's black and does not work	Decaf Coffee
What's black and hanging from a tree in my backyard right now	A black berry.
What is wrong with the number 6.9	There is a period in the middle.
What do you call two crows sitting in a tree	Attempted murder.
What do you get when two lawyers have sex	A Binding contract that you can't pull out of ... Edit And their are no loop holes other than your client having piercings.
What's the worst part about driving Ford off a cliff	Ford was my best friend.
What thought can you easily share with someone else without using words	That you **had** to fart.
What Does Reddit stand for	Reddit: Re-Downvote Downvote it.
What do you call a hooker laying down	Whorizontal. Thanks, I'll show myself out.
What did the french fry say to the police officer	Help me! I've been a-salted!
What do Dwarfs and Midgets have in common	very little
[offensive] What do books have that Mexican's don't	Papers
What did Harry Potter say when he fell down the hill	Ouch! I Hermione!
What did the man say to the sad fat guy	Hey, chins up buddy.
What's a duck's favorite drug	Quack.
What do you call a Mexican without a car	Carlos
What do you call a turkey with no arms	a turkey
what phone service has the fastest internet	Sprint
What's one good thing about living in Switzerland	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What did the elevator say to the stairs	Never mind, I'll escalator
What's one definite outcome from a Drumpf Presidency	Four more years of great South Park!
What kind of math class did the acorn take when it grew up	Gee-I'm-a-tree!
What kind of bird does not make babies	A swallow
What is the most independent kind of cheese	Prov alone.
What's the difference between frat guys and dogs	A dog has a better understanding of no.
What's the difference between a musician and a dead body	One composes, the other decomposes...
What is brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What's the correct instrument for measuring how fat your mom is	A size-mom-meter
What is a monster's favourite society	The Consumers' Association.
What's white, plastic, and not suitable for ages 5 and under	Michael Jackson
What is the best part of an ISIS joke	The execution.
What do you call a gay guy's kidney stones	Fruity pebbles
Whats the difference between an Asian man and a box of chocolates	They'll both kill your dog, but the Asian will cook it afterwards.
What do you call a stoner with Down's Syndrome	A Baked Potato.
What's a crohn's patient's favourite punctuation	A semi-colon!
What does a vagina and the Mafia have in comman	One slip of the tongue and your in deep shit.
What's the difference between obese and morbidly obese	Obese is when you can't see your own genitals, morbidly obese is when you can't see your own genitals in the mirror.
What is a tuna's favorite city	Albacoreque.
What did the girl on her period say when she got caught	You caught me red handed!
What do you get if you cross a centipede and a chicken	Enough drumsticks to feed an army !
What's the difference between Cheryl Crawford and dead embryos	Dead embryos don't tell on their mothers ...
What's the new Taken prequel going to be called	Taken Befour
What do you call it when one rabbit challenges another rabbit to hop across a forty-yard canyon	A hare dare.
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish	http://www.madoodle.com/doodle/view/2989/
What's the difference between marmalade and jam	You can't marmalade your cock up a girls ass
What's that, turkey	GOBBLE GOBBLE Timmy fell in a well? GOBBLE GOBBLE [breaks turkey's neck] no time for your riddles, in the oven you go
What do Asian pirates do	They fry pranes!
What do Asian pirates do	They fry pranes.
What do you call a horny Egyptian king that ate at White Castle	Toot-N-Cummin!
What does the secret service man say to the other secret service man when he has to go to the bathroom	Hold on I have to take Obama to the White house.
What would Santa Claus be called if he had no hands	Canta Plaus. Source: https://youtu.be/44aiB0vB36Y
What do you get when you cross and elephant with a rhinoceros	Elephino!
What do you get when there is an inconsiderate weather phenomena at an EDM concert in Dubai	Darude Sandstorm.
What do Mr. Spock and toilet paper have in common	They both hang around Uranus trying to wipe out Klingons.
What Did MLK Say When Asked If He Suffered From Jock Itch	I have a cream.
What do you call a large group of prostitutes	A whored
What's a 12 year old boy's favorite romantic comedy	PS4, I Love You
What is every blonde's ambition in life	To be like Vanna White and learn the alphabet.
What's the most commonly used Muslim woman punch called	Hijab
What do you call an old barometer	Weathered.
What do you call a gay bar with no bar stools	A fruit stand.
What's it called when you try not to get knocked unconscious by a Taser	Resisting a rest.
What did Tennessee	Whatever Arkansas.
What do you call a chat site for terrorists	Allahu Chatbar.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis	You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
What's the difference between Woody from Toy Story, and a Catholic priest	One goes limp when a child walks in the room.
What is Hitler's favourite type of music	Reich n' Roll
what does an 80 year old woman taste like	depends..
What language does a patio speak	Porch-uguese
What do you call a group of smart gay men that all look the same	Homogenius
What did the winner of the weak muscles competition get	Atrophy.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN I CAN'T LIST THOR AS AN EMERGENCY BACKUP	!?!
What's the difference between purple and pink	The grip.
What's the worst place to be during a tornado	Cracker Barrel.
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes	A: No-I-Deer Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? A: Still No-I-Deer
What's red and bad for your teeth	...A brick
What do you get when you mix a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic	Someone who lies awake at night wondering if there's a dog
What's the difference between an inaccurate hunter and a constipated owl	One's a shooter that can't hit, the other is a hooter who can't shit.
What do you call it when the stars align for a mustard thief	A Gulden's opportunity.
What did the drunk say when his boss enquired about his availability	Yeah, I'm av**ale**able.
What do we want	Time Travel! When do we want it? It's irrelevant!
What does Trump grab this month	What does Trump grab this month........ Octo-Pussy
What do you call a German virgin	Gudentite
What do you call a pig sneak attack	A Hambush.
What do you call a pessimistic black man	Niggative.
What's the worst thing about eating a vegetable	...the wheelchair
What does Jean Valjean use to listen to music	Cosettes.
What should vegetarians eat for protein	Meat.
What do you call an Australian singer who was born in Australia	Aussie Aus-born.
What does a pussy have in common with the mafia	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What is the worst place to go on Black Friday	Awnser: Home Depot They have power tools lol
What did Adele name her sandwich shop	A deli
What did the buffalo say to his son who was going off to college	Bison!
What do you get for the man who has everything	Nothing. Fuck that guy.
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have it as a child, you probably won't like it as an adult.
What do you call a bunch of zombie chickens	The Bawking Dead
What's the secret ingredient in Bush's Baked Beams	Jetfuel.
What's dad's best one-liner	My wife.
What did the illiterate Mexican say to the funny looking bottle of mayonnaise	LMAO
What's the difference between Britain and Australia	When one votes, it changes something, making things worse. When another votes, it doesn't change anything, making things worse.
What do you call a kitten's post-mortem	An Aww-topsy.
What does Pokemon Go and a policeman have in common	You gotta catch Jamal
What comes out of a reasonable volcano	Pragma.
What's the difference between a barrel rider, and a can of Copenhagen	You can only fit 3 fingers in a can of Copenhagen.
What country always follows Zimbabwe	Zimbab-Bee!
What do you call a woman flying a plane	A pilot, you sexist!
What's are pirates favorite kind of weapon	RRRRtillary.
What do you call a hip-hop trio with boosted Attack but hindered Special Attack	Naughty by Nature
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	El-if-ino
What do you call a rich black man	A tycoon.
What's the difference between a joke and 3 cocks	You can't take a joke.
What do chemists make guacamole out of	Avogadros
What do you call a task that isn't quite mundane	Tuesdane
What's great about living in Japan	Well, the flag is spot on!
What is it called when a cow is unwillingly milked	**Moo**lestation
What are Turkish cattle best known for	Mootiny.
What do you call a fat relative around Halloween	A plump-kin
What's the difference between the strippers and the circus	The circus has a cunning array of stunts.
What do you feed a gay horse	haaaayyyyy!
What do you call a stolen tamole	A hot tamole
What does a Middle-Eastern person eat for breakfast	Syria-l
What's the difference between hard and light	I can sleep with a light on.
What do the Syrian refugees and water have in common	They both keep trying to get on our shores....
What do you call Irish sunscreen	A pub.
What to Bill Cosby and Peter Pan have in common	Rufi-ooooooo!
What did the deer say to the other deer after leaving the gay bar	Man, I can't believe I just blew thirty bucks.
What's black, blue and hates sex	A rape victim.
What do you say to Simba when he's slow	Mufasa! ""move faster"" heu heu heu
What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and the hookers in downtown Little Rock	The hookers have real orgasms and fake diamonds.
What's the difference between a muddy bicycle and a ditzy lesbian	One is a dirty bike and the other is a derpy dyke.
What do you call a zoo that only has one dog	A Shit-zoo
What breed of dog is the most depressing...	A melancholy.
What would you tell someone who is attempting to steal your cheese (hint: not ""nacho cheese"")	Leave my provolone!
Whats the best thing about having sex with twenty eight years olds	There's 20 of them.
What did the Native American pornstar call himself	Spread Eagle
What do you call a gay man in his house by himself	homolone
What do you call a pink slip served inside a bag of coffee	Grounds for termination.
What did O say to Q	Put that thing away, there's kids around here
Q: What is red and smells like blue paint	A: Red paint.
What's the difference between a greyhound bus station and a lobster wearing a bra	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! Edit: HAHahHAHA OMFG I'm the epitome of hilarity
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never had a lentil on my face before!
What do you call a woman who uses Vagisil	a Basic bitch
What does a baker say when he/she makes a mistake	Dough!
Q: What would happen if black widow spiders were as big as horses	A: If one bit you, you could ride it to the hospital.
What did the white guy say when he found out his sister got knocked up by her black boyfriend	Well I'll be a monkey's uncle!
What do you call an egg from outer space	An unidentified flying omelet!
What are the 5 most terrifying word in the english language	Five more years of Cameron
What did one lawyer say to another lawyer	We are both lawyers.
What economic theory opposes manscaping	Laissez-fur!
What do you call the cookbook of the dead	The Necrinom-nom-nomicon
What happens when Niagara trips	Niagara Falls
What do American beers and Sex in a Canoe have in common	They are both fucking close to water!
What do you call an Irishman who bounces off things	Rick O'Shea
What's a slut's favorite color	Whorange
What's the best part of Chinese food	The 4/10 cookie
What do you call an alligator in a vest	A investigator
What kind of lotion does a bullfighter use	Oil of Ole'
What do you call it when a comedian falls back on childish humor simply to avoid complete failure	Pun-ting
What is quivering at the bottom of the ocean	A nervous wreck.
What should a football team do if the pitch is  flooded	Bring on their subs!
What did the manager of a log cutting company tell his employees when they were working too slow	Chop chop.
What's the difference between a DVD player and a cow's anus	If you answered 'I don't know,' I'm certainly not letting you borrow any of **my** DVDs in the future!
What's brown &amp; rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre.
What do ""white privilege"" and ""severely mentally handicapped"" have in common	Both terms are almost universally misunderstood by the people to whom they apply.
What's the easiest way to confuse an anthropologist	Hold up a used tampon and ask him to identify which period it's from
What travels down an alley and is full of holes	Batman's Parents.
what do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery person have in common	They have to smell it, but they can't taste it.
What was the inscription on the tomb of  Frankenstein's monster	HERE LIES FRANKENSTEIN'S MONSTER. MAY HE REST IN PIECES.
What do magistrates have with their water	Just ice.
What has 200 legs 50 noses and is very loud	A herd of stampeding aardvarks!
What did the bartender say to the jumper cables	You better not try to start anything.
What's the difference between a ""narrative"" and a ""circle jerk""	How you spell them.
What did Achilles say when he got hit by an arrow	Aww heel no! Kill me right now.
What did Germany say to Britain during World War II	I'd luft to waffe a few bombs in your direction.
what's worse than finding a worm in your apple	half of an adolf hitler
What's the difference between a Trump and an athlete	Athletes know when to stop running.
What's the difference between dollars and Jews	I give a shit when I lose 6 million dollars.
What time is it in Ireland when someone farts too much	Two-forty (use an Irish accent)... It's two-farty
What is an Arabs favorite fighting technique	Hijab
What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor	Feminists.
What did the baby sheep say to its mother on the phone	Miss ewe!
What do you call twin brothers	A sunset!
What did Blake Edwards say when asked if he had a roomate	Yes, I have a rhuuuum, mate!
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Phelps can actually finish a race
What's the opposite of a cock blocker	A Rooster Booster
What is Sherlock's favorite season	Fall...
What did the rubber say when he was offered a job as the high school choir teacher	I can't, I'm not a conductor."" Pffffffhehewheheheheheh.
What did one the left headphone say to the right headphone as they walked through a haunted house	This place feels earie.
What's similar between you mom and a bottle of Tide detergent	They can both take about 65 loads.
What did one tooth say to the other	Get your cap on the dentist is taking us out tonight.
What did the Nazi say to the clock that only went: ""tick ____ tick ____ tick ____""	Ve have Vays of making you tock!
What should you do if you are on a picnic with King Kong	Give him the biggest bananas.
What's the best part about twenty eight year olds	..... ......There's twenty of them.
What medications do I take	I'm not sure. The names on my neighbor's prescription bottles are ridiculously long
What did San Andreas said to the Earthquake	This is all your fault!
What do two rednecks getting divorced and a tornado have in common	Someone is going to lose a trailer.
What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYE.
What do you call a collection of Tyler Perry's movies	Fifty Shades of Black
What's black and blue and HATES sex	The kid in my trunk.
What did the creationist student say when asked why he didn't have his homework on natural selection	My dogma ate it.
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong walked ON the moon, and Michael Jackson had sex with kids.
What's a cats most common written thought	,.........mmmnhhhhgcdddxxdtyyhhbvbbb
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist bastard. What else would it be? (Courtesy of ""True Detective"" screenplay writers)
What is hard to get from Straight men	Straight answers about relationships.
What's the difference between a JCB and a giraffe	One's got hydraulics, the other's got high bollocks.
Q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	A: Virgin Mobile
What is the sound of one hand typing	Fap-fap-fap.
What do you call a black man flying plane	A pilot you racist.
What do you call it when 4 giraffes collide	A giraffic jam!
What's Hillary Clinton's e-mail password	I don't know, but the Russians do.
What do you call a helicopter mixed with a rhino	Well hell-if-i-know!
What did the sister cell say to her sister cell when she stepped on her foot	Ow Mytosis! Credits to Amanda Damiani
What do you say when you are trying to comfort a grammar nazi	There, their, they're
What is the difference between a bus station filled with elderly and a crab with boobs	One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean
What do you call a cow with no legs	Dismembered
What didn't the Japanese understand nuclear missile technology	It was a little over their heads
What's a Japanese person's hangover cure	Soba Noodles
What do you call a helpful potato	A Facilitater
What did the swollen prostate say during the prostatectomy	I'm out, urine.
What is the difference between the US and yogurt	If you leave yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.
What do you call it when you turn into a vampire before being bitten	Premature Edraculation
What did George Michael say to his partner before he went to work	Wake me up before you go-go
What did the turkey say to the goat	The turkey said gobble, gobble, gobble. The goat said back abdul akbar before blowing up.
What do you call a mushroom that picks up the bar tab	A FUNGI to be with!
What do you call a fat pedophile	Molesterol
What's the difference between an Irish funeral and an Irish wedding	One less drunk...
What's the difference between a black man and an archealogist	One is a nerdy digger.
What term is used to describe a phenomenon where a European mans ejaculates prematurely	Pole Position
What did Tom get when he locked Jerry in the freezer	Mice cubes !
What brand of computer is best at singing	A Dell
What is a baby bee	A little humbug.
What do you get when American pioneers develop a video game	They manifest Destiny
What do you call a group of hookers	A whorde.
Q: What is a monster's favourite game	A: Swallow the leader.
What do ghosts drink	BOOOOOZE
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	Cats have claws at the end of their paws, and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
What do you call a Messiah that enjoys pain	A masochrist.
What is Beethoven doing these days	Decomposing.
What walks on 8 legs until it's one years old, 4 legs until it's twenty years old and then 2 legs for the remainder of it's life	Fred and George Weasley.
What type of stories do cocaine addicts write	Snort stories
What do you call a bored motherfucker	Grandpa
What's the difference between Peter Parker and Basic White Girls	Parker gets paid for his selfies.
What does ABC stand for	American dyslexia association.
What do you call an angry toilet	Pissed off
What does a gas discharge lamp	Fart fart fart XD
What's the difference between an optimist and a pessimist	One sees a glass half full, the other doesn't care because the glass is going to fall and break anyways.
What did Jesus' disciples say when he caught all those fishes	HOLY MACKAREL!
What do Oranges and Apples have in common	They're both orange except for the Apple.
What's the worst thing about a Ray Rice joke	The punch line.
What did Dr. Seuss call the book he wrote about Star Wars	The Cat in the AT-AT
What goes up but doesn't come down	A kangaroo stuck in a tree.
What does a monster mom say to her kids at dinnertime	Don't talk with someone in your mouth.
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say	Beat it. We're closed.
what do you call a sad cranberry	a blueberry =[
What thinks the unthinkable	An itheberg
What's the difference between a honda and a Porsche	Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a Honda
What time do werewolf Cowboys have a shootout	High Moon!
What do you call it when Darth Vader moves one foot	The Imperial March
What has 4 legs and an arm	A happy pit bull.
What goes cackle cackle squelch squelch	A witch in soggy trainers.
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women	Snow balls
What's the final step before a sorority girl gets initiated	Basic Training
What does rappers eat for breakfast	Yo-ghurt.
What do you call a deer that has really good eyesight	Good idea. Hint: Good eye-deeeeah
What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke Warm
What does an army of fire ants have in common with a horny dolphin	Both come in waves.
What is the difference between a rental car and a Humvee	You can take a rental car anywhere.
What do you call a shitty band that only plays in the winter	Coldplay.
What do you call a woman that won't make a sandwich	An ambulance.
What do you call a robot with bad breath who's sister lives on its foot	HAL-i-toe-sis
[job interview] What experience do you have plucking chickens	Me: See all those hairs on my chin? No. Me: Exactly.
What animal spins around about 200 times after it dies	A rotisserie chicken
What do you call a Mexican that's in the rebellion	A Rogue Juan
What did the beaver say when he found out his new neighbour was a fish	Cod dam
What do people do when a chemist dies	They barium.
What game show do pickles play	Dill or No Dill
[MORBID] What do black people and apples have in common	They both look better hanging.
What's the most popular occupation in Italy	Pastatution.
what kind of pants does a monkey wear	ma-khakis
What was Hamlet screaming when running around a circle	2(pi)r or not 2(pi)r....(snicker)
What did cinderella say when she got to the ball	*Choking Noises*
what do cats and menstruating girls have in common	Both on the rag
What do you call a fish that's on its way to somewhere	Salmon en route
What do you call an English teacher who used to have anxiety	Past tense.
What do you call an impotent lizard	A reptile dysfunction
What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book	That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
What goes ha, ha, ha, clunk	A man laughing his head off.
What am I doing with the rest of my life	I don't even know what I'm doing with the rest of this tweet...
What do you get when you cross a leopard and a camel	A fireside rug you can get a good hump on. Source: Jo Brand on QI S3; Cat's Eyes
What do you call a French whore	Lahore.
What do you tell a woman with a black eye	Nothing, she's already been told twice.
What's the difference between my broken watch and a lesbian	My watch hasn't got a strap on.
What do you call an alcoholic with Parkinson's	Shakespeare (say it out loud)
What did the Mancunian abortion doctor say to the fetus	Don't look back in hanger
[Black Joke] what's the difference between a Black guy and a pizza	The pizza can feed a family of four
What do you get when you boil tree trunks with sugar	Log jam.
What's the plural form of the word ""anecdote""	Data
What does a Math Professor do when he's constipated	He works it out with a pencil.
What do you name a deaf dog	It doesn't matter, he ain't coming anyways.
What are caterpillars afraid of	**Dog**erpillars!
What happens when you mix Jared from Subway and Bill Cosby	I don't know; It was too long ago, and I can't remember.
What goes zzub zzub	A bee flying backwards !
What dogs never get lost	Newfound-lands!
What is the average Math teacher like	Mean.
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws while the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
What do you call God in StarWars	A Skywalker
What did the singers say right before they had sex	Let's duet! I am so proud for coming up with this one
whats black on top and white on the bottom	rape
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine	You can throw your load in a washing machine and it won't follow you around for two weeks afterward
What's the one thing Spider-Man can't eat	Uncle Ben's rice
What's the fastest form of bread	Scone.
What Kind of Pee Comes Out Your Butt	Poo Pee.
What did the man who frequents the internet do with a book	He Reddit.
What happens when a frog's car breaks down	It gets toad away
What did the pirate Louis Riel say to the villagers	Yarrrrrrr Metis!
What do you get if you cross a worm and an elephant	Very big worm holes in your garden !
What did the bra say to the hat	you go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
What's red and white	Pink.
What do you call a calm Asian	A Mellow Yellow
What is the difference between a Black Guy and an elevator	One can raise a child
What do you call an origional joke on Reddit	Mine
What do you call a crayon without any wax	A crayoff
What do you call a group of dead geologists	Mineral Spirits
What is the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps can actually finish a race...
What did the vet say to the dog he just castrated	No hard feelings.
What do you call a snobish criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What would you get if you crossed a monster  with a Thanksgiving dessert	Bumpkin pie!
What would we get if we'd cross one nigger and octopus	I have no idea, but it picks cotton like crazy.
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	He wipes his ass.
What do you call a gay guy who blends in really well with his straight friends	homogeneous
What did the walking staff say when accused of misleading sheep	I am not a crook!
What do french fries and friends have in common	They both die if you chop them
What does it say on the door of the Microsoft store	No shirt, no shoes, no Surface.
What do anal sex and vegetables have in common	You enjoy both more as an adult if they aren't forced on you as a child.
What do you and Ronda Rousey have in common	You will both be watching the next title fight from home.
What is the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest	A pimple doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13. This joke is all in good fun, sorry if anyone happens to be offended!
What did the man say when the lobster gave him food poisoning	I'm not letting you cook dinner again
Q: What happens when a blonde gets  Alzheimers disease	A: Her IQ goes up!
What time is it when a Muslim immigrant brings a clock to school in Texas	Time to get a new principal.
What do Abraham Lincoln and Ryan Fitzpatrick have in common	Neither of them can finish a play
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and Kim Jong Un	Kim Jong Un has control over his country.
What do feminists search for on scavenger hunts	Reasons to be offended.
What do you call a Spartan king with a disease	Leonitis
What did the art major say to the law major	Would you like fries with that?
What's a cats favorite color	Puuuuurple.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	You can roast beef but you can't pea soup!
What does someone have when he can tell you how many guys are in a crowd	Acumen.
What is the difference between my ex-girlfriend and a beer	One is pale, bitter and starts off with lots of head and the other one is a beer.
What do you get when you cross a duck and a cat	A Chinese restaurant's newest entree!
What did the snake say to the cornered rat	Hiss is the end of the line for you !
What do you call a man who is attracted to black guys	A homiesexual!
What's the summer weather like for a London criminal	Hot, wet, and muggy.
What do you call a well-rounded porn star	A jack-off all trades.
What's a star trek fans favourite drink	Picardi and Kirk
What are 3 things a black man can't get	A fat lip, a black eye, and a job.
what did the cloud say to the atmosphere	what the hail was that?!
What do you call Jamal's dad during Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years	Hide n' Seek World Champion 2010-2016
What kind of bone do you find in a dinosaur steak	A T-Bone!!!!
What do you call an environmentally-conscious Mexican	A Green Bean
What is the cheapest way to blindfold an Asian	Dental floss.
What do a pregnant teenager, frozen beer, and a burned pizza have in common	Some idiot forgot to pull it out in time.
What does Monica and Hillary have in common	They don't fuck Bill anymore.
What was Schrodinger's favorite childhood book	The Cat in the Box by Dr. Seuss
What goes, ""Clip clop clip clop clip clop clip clop BANG BANG clip clop clip clop clip clop...""	An Amish drive-by shooting.
What is a surfer guy's favorite horror movie	Saw duude!
What do you call an African man with alot of problems	A Zulu Worry-er &gt; I actually made this up just now while chilling with some of my black friends. They loved it.
What is the difference between menstrual blood and sand	You can't gargle sand.
Whats George Zimmerman's favorite song	Blame it on the night
What's black and sits on top of a staircase	Stephen Hawking in a house fire.
What happened after the King of All Cosmos destroyed the stars in a drunken rage	Divine intervention. edit: Oh.
WHAT OTHER ILLNESSES DO I HAVE	! I told my doctor I think I'm a hypochondriac. As usual, the medicine he gave me isn't working.
What do you call a constipated Detective Holmes	No Shit Sherlock.
What sound does a black widow make	My husband be dead
What do you call.... Q: What do you call a woman who thinks about sex all the times	A: Nymphomaniac Q: What do you call a man who thinks about sex all the times? A: Normal
What do you call an assault which is both positive and negative	A battery.
What cars do cows drive	Cattleacs
What do you call an Irish lesbian	GayLick
What did the Jew with a boner say when he bumped into a wall	Oowwww...my nose.
What is the only reason Bill Clinton is excited about possibly going back into the White House	He gets more interns.
What did the astronomer say to the telescope in lingerie	Hubble, Hubble.
What's the difference between the Cleveland Indians and Shae from Game of Thrones	One blows a 3' 1"" lead and the other blows a 3-1 lead
What's the nutritional value of an entire tube of cherry Chapstick	Asking for my two year old.
What do you call a reckless thief who only steals cooking utensils	A whisk taker.
What do you call a man with no arms or legs being pulled behind a boat	Skip
What do you call the vehicle used to carry Henry VIII's second wife to the hospital	An Anne-Boleyn-ce.
What did the Grateful Dead fans say when they stopped smoking pot	Man this music sucks...
What did the homeless man say to the woman who asked if he wanted 20$	Yeah.
What is the worst place to hide in a hospital	The ICU (I-see-you!)
What did the executioner say to the prisoner	Hang on a minute.
What do you get if cross a mouse woth a packet of washing up powder	Bubble and squeak !
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down.
What did the dog say before he died	Well I'll be dog-gone.
What do you call a Lesbian Dinosaur	A Lickalotofpuss
What's white on top and black on bottom	Society What's black on top and white on bottom? Rape
What did Trump say to the Human Cannonball	You'rrre fired!
What's Mexico's national sport	Cross-country
What is the similarity between poop and aliens	They both live on Uranus
What do you say to someone who doesn't like Rick &amp; Morty	I'm going to need you to take your opinions and put'em wayyy up inside your butthole.
What was the poltergeist arrested for at the campground	Possession within tent
What do chickens say	Cock-a-doodle-doo What does a chicken in the bathroom say? Doodle-doodle-cock What does a gay chicken say? Any-cock'll-do
What did the Polack and the Native American name their first kid	Running Stupid
What's the difference between a crackhead and a John	A crackhead buys crack so he can put it into his pipe and burn it. A John pays so that he can put his pipe into a crack that might burn him.
What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield	Its ass
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew	A boy scout comes home from camp
What kind of bees get you high	Doo-bees... I'm so sorry for that
What's worse than lobsters on your piano	Syphilis
What happened to the two gladiator olives	They were pitted against each other
What do you call shaving a crazy sheep	Shear madness.
What was written on the UNIX user's doormat	There's no place like cd ~
What did one firefly say to the other	Got to glow now !
What did the prostitute say to her customer after he finished paying	It was a business doing pleasure with you.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable	His wheelchair
What's better than getting second place at the special Olympics	Not being retarded
What's the difference between Barbie and Street Fighter	In Barbie, Ken doesn't beat the hell out of women.
What if Adele was calling from inside the house	!
What would Anakin Skywalker's sith name be, if Luke was black	Dearth Vader
What does an older woman have between her breast that a younger one doesnt	Her belly button.
What disease is most easily contracted by touching your hands together	The clap.
What do Pink Floyd and princess Diana have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What is the strongest animal	A racehorse because it can take hundreds of people for a ride at once!
What was Rob Bartlett's go-to line in his WackyPaki comedian routine	Take my wife, if you would be so kind.
What do you call ten Frenchmen who stand in front of their goalie for 90 minutes	Dix.
What does the cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	He wipes his butt!
What do you call a wind that never gusts	Disgusting. I'll see myself out...
What was Arnold Schwarzenegger's answer when asked which historical person he would like to play in a movie	I'll be Bach.
What do parrots eat	Polyfilla !
What was Snoop Dogg's ghost arrested for	Possesion.
What looks like half a cat	The other half !
What do you call an alien in a swamp	A MARSHian
What is a Word documents least favorite blood type	Type-O
What do you call a cheap circumcision	? A rip off
What's the most oldest joke in the world	The human race.
What did the salmon say when it hit the wall	Dam
What do you call a queer redneck	A confederate fag.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot, you racist...
What did the kid with no hands get for christmas	gloves! just kidding, he hasn't opened it yet...
What do you call five tomatoes	A tom-a-FOOT! In Europe, they call it a tom-a-METER.
What do you call a turtle without its shell	Dead.
What does a pimp do when his garden needs tending	He grabs a hoe.
What does Michael Jackson do when he gets kids to the top of the Empire State building	Tosses them off.
What do you call a slow-learner born the beginning of August	A leotard
What do you say when you get swindled by an Egyptian tour guide	Egypt me!
What do you call a violent white man	Officer
What score did Lenin get on his exam paper	...Full Marx
What did the right eye say to the left	There's something between us that smells.. *drops mic*
What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke about Muhammad	Terrorists can't take a joke about Muhammad.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	One goes \*whack* ""Fuck."" The other goes ""Fuck."" \*whack*
What do you call a shitty journal	A Diarrhea.
What happened to the the Pentagon after the plane crash in 9/11	It turned into a hexagon.
What's the difference between UFOs and an honest politician	It is possible that UFOs exist.
What is an I.T teachers favourite drink	Icy-Tea
What do you call the field of study for dad jokes	*Sigh*ence
What's better than winning gold at the special Olympics	Walking
What's the difference between a pizza and my pizza jokes	My pizza jokes *can't be topped!*
What's the difference between your dick and a joke	Nobody laughs at your jokes.
What did Joan Rivers say to God when she arrived	Get a new robe!
What Did The Man With Leprosy Say To The Hooker	Keep the Tip.
what to ketchup and a condom have in common	they both go on your weenie
What's the difference between hazelnuts and deernuts	Hazelnuts are normally around $1.50/lb, deernuts are always under a buck.
What is the only result for Ear-rape	Hearing AIDS.
What is the difference between Ironman and Iron woman	One is a super hero and the other is a command. *I'll show myself out...*
What's the matter son	The boy next door said I look just like you? What did you say? Nothing he's bigger than me !
What's 9 inches long, pink, and women scream when you put in their mouth	Their miscarriage
What is red and bad for your teeth	A brick.
what's it called when you're secretly a norse god	you're low key loki
What's the difference between a raccoon and a boner	I don't have a raccoon.
What kind of container is appropriate for noble gases	An innertube.
What do you call a gummy bear with no teeth	A gummy bear.
What is hitlers favorite yugio card	The blue eyes white dragon
What did the hooker say to the blind man	Come here
What do you call a game of basketball between two Mexicans	Juan on Juan.
What did the Italian dressing say to the French dressing	Nothing. Dressings don't have arms
What did the bartender say to the alien	You're drunk ET, go home!
What's the difference between a penis and a Christmas present	You wrap the present *after* you put it in the box.
What's the best thing about a dead baby	The aftertaste.
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter	Pumpkin Pi
What did one ISIS militant teacher say to their most successful student	You da bomb.
What brand should suicidal people clearly avoid	Nike. Their motto says just ""Just do it"".
What's more stable a hamburger or a steak	A hamburger because it is in the ground state.
What's a Canadian's favorite number	Eight.
What does a woman trucker and a hockey team have in common	They both shower after 3 periods!
What should you do with a burning Kotex	Throw it on the ground and tamp on it.
What do you call a gay vegetarian	A vegetarian.
What kind of bees make milk	Boo bees.
What superhero would a (insert stereotype here) man be	Batman. Why? Because he can't go out at night without Robin!
What do black people get when they die	Nigger Mortis
What's the difference between a Trump interview ad-lib, and a Person of Color	One's a tangent; the other a tan gent.
What did the wise man say to the science class	Many photons make light work.
What do 90's boy bands and blue spruce trees have in common	They all have frosted tips.
What kind of murderer has moral fiber	A cereal killer.
What's the hardest thing about eating vegetables	The wheelchairs!
Whats your name	Whats the color of the sky?... Me: whats your name? You:(insert name) Me:whats the color of the sky? You:blue Me:whats my name? Now put it all together.
What did the Klondike Bar say to Jesus	What would you do.
What do farmers give their wives on Valentine's Day	Hog and kisses!
What do fish smoke	Seewead
What do you call a masturbating pickle	Jerkin' Gherkin
What do a piece of tuperware and a walrus have in common	They both like a tight seal.
what did the old man say before he kicked the bucket	old man ""how far do you think i can kick this bucket"".
What's the difference between a man and a margarita	A margarita hits the spot every time!
What's the difference between a concentration camp and a cancer treatment facility	Concentration camps had survivors.
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall	Dam
What's the difference between a man and a margarita	A margarita hits the spot every time.
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a crab with breast implants	One is a Crusty Bus Station and the other is a Busty Crustacean
What do 9 out of 10 people consider a good time	Gang rape.
What is the direct competitor for Dungeons and Dragons	Helmets and Spades. Tee hee.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A: a rip off
What happens when Fonzie doesn't fold his clothes after doing laundry	His shirts get all winkly.
What do white girls celebrate on December 25th	ChristMAAAAAAAAAS
What do you call a Mexican nurse	[A care beaner.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carabiner)
What do you call a guy with a shovel	Doug
What did the police say to the guy hiding in the bathroom	Come out with your pants up!
What do you call 6.022 x 10^23 avocados	A guacamole.
Whats the difference between Bob Marley and Heracles	Heracles beat Cancer
What do ghosts wear	Boo Jeans
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	Only a hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What'd the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip.
What do you call a gay who actually fought in Vietnam and doesn't speak english	Russian
What do you call an ion that also raps	Fluoride, duh.
What's the difference between a pick-up artist and an Atari 2600	An Atari 2600 has more game. :)
What's the difference between OP and a Pregnant woman	She delivers.
What does a musician use to build a house	A tuba-four
What's one thing Lance Armstrong can still make money from	LIESTRONG bracelets.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Aaahh ahhh cough cough
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common	A wet nose.
What do you call a gassy Russian	Vladimir Pootin'
What's the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free
What sort of undergarments does a succinct pugilist wear	Boxer briefs!
What do you call the 72 virgins that Allah gave isis	Goats
What do you call a blind person who can't find his/her glasses	Eyeronic.
What's an epileptic man's least favorite element	Cesium.
What has two wings and an arrow	A Chinese telephone
Q: What did the blonde say about blonde jokes	A: She said they were pretty good but they might offend some Puerto Ricans.
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets	A woman
What do you call a chicken drawing a sketch	Cock-A-Doodle-do!
What do you call bad filmography in another dimension	Breaking the fifth wall.
What kind of phone does a burglar use	A no-key-a
What's red and not there	No tomatoes.
What is white, 12 inches long, and not a fluorescent light bulb	Nothing.
What did Truman Burbank's father say to him	Don't you worry don't you worry child, Seahaven's got a plan for you
What's a Mad Cow's favorite rap song	MOO! Bitch, get out the way... Get out the way... Get out the way.
What is written on Ronald McDonald's gravestone	McRIP
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi	Stew.
What was the first thing Adam said to Eve	Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
What does a flying rabbit has on his back	An eagle
What do you call a pachyderm that sings jazz	Elephants Gerald
What is the difference between an elevator and black people	And elevator can raise kids
Whats a ducks favourite type of sex	[OC] Pondage
What was the pirate boxing champion known for	His left hook.
What did Cinderella say when she reached the ball	She choked.
What is it called when the police work overtime	Copper Nitrate.
What's the difference in a dog, some meat, and a blow job	You can beat your dog, you can beat your meat, but you can't beat a blow job.
What does a mexican Highlander say	THERE CAN BE ONLY JUAN!
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About 4 pints
What do you call a dog on the beach	Sandy Claws Merry Christmas
What's Tom Brady's favorite type of chip	Cheat-Ohs!
What's black and white and eats like a horse	A Zebra
What do you call someone who can't stop reading Nancy Drew novels	A heroine addict.
What's an old carpenter's biggest issue	Losing teeth.
What does Wonder Woman call foreplay	Amazon Prime.
What kind of pennies come from Japan	Jap-pennies
What's the difference between JFK and Bill Clinton	One got his head blown off, the other was assassinated
What do you call a fight between an Illegal Immigrant and a Pedophile	Alien vs Predator
What's the difference between you and a brick	Bricks can get laid.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	I have no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs. I still have no eye deer.
What would life be without plumbing	Shitty
What's the highest point in the ocean	The Marijuanas Trench.
What discovery was the garden's mathematician excited about	AVOCADO'S NUMBER!
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a  circle	A: A dope ring.
What do gay horses eat	HAYYYYYYYYYYY!!
What was white outside and black inside	The White House.
What do you get when you mix a hippie and a yellow	Mello Yellow
Q: What do you call a person who plays the viola	A: A violator.
What do you call a potato on the street corner	Idaho
What do you cal a man with no arms and no legs fighting with his cat	Claude
What do you say to a gay man with plumbers butt	Pull up your pants, I can see your vagina. Bahahahahahahahahahaha.
What kind of fish would be good to tune a piano	Oh, you guessed it right ... the tuna fish!
What sexual position makes the ugliest babies	Ask your mom.
What dog can you only find on the beach	A cockle spaniel!
What's the best part about buying dishes that are made in Mexico	They wash themselves.
What do you call a sexually active Buffalo	Horny.
What do you call it when you lend money to a bison	A Buffa-Loan!
What do women and pennies have in common	They ain't worth shit
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	Tennish
What's a neckbeard's favourite element	Manga-nese.
Whats the best way to castrate a priest	Kick the alter boy in the chin
What did the Invisible Man's mom say after he came out as invisible	I can't even look at you anymore!
What do you call a sea mammal with a mission	A porpoise.
What do you get when you drop an egg off the Empire State Building	New Yolk
What do you call a French guy wearing sandals	Phillipe Phillope
What's the most racist fraction	3/5
What do cows like to listen to	Moo-sic!
What's the worst part of being a hooker	Every day is the week is a Moanday.
What do the Police and Pokemon have in common	They gotta catch 'Jamal
What do you do when you see a spaceman	You park there, man!
What is a skeleton's favorite instrument	a trom-bone.
What's the difference between a girl and a grill	Grills are loyal enough to take your meat AND cook.
What did the facial hair say when it had to leave the party	Sorry guys, moustache!
What goes blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette	A naked blonde doing cartwheels.
What are pornstars paid	Income.
What does the alchemist do to please his girlfriend	Elixir.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, he's to short to be an essay
Q: What is the pink stuff between elephant's  toes	A: Slow clowns.
What has ten letters and starts with gas	flatulence
Q: What did the witch put in her hair	A: Scare spray.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot you fucking racist.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot you fucking racist!
What did one boob say to the other boob	You're my breast friend
What's your favorite position	Juxta
What are the ""White Walkers"" doing when we don't see them in a GoT episode	Chilling.
What type of brain does a plant have	A membrane
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	Flatbread
What's the difference between Gordon Ramsey and a run in the forest	Ones a pant in the country the others a...
What do you call attempting to jump to light speed before checking the Hyper Drive first	A Wookie mistake!
What do you call an arctic bear that goes both ways	Bipolar.
What do you call a zoo that only has dogs	A Shih Tzu
What do you call a cow who argues with her husband	A bullfighter!
What do you call the slums in Paris	The baghetto
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Casper	One is white and scares young children and the other is a ghost.
What's the difference between a School and an ISIS training ground	I don't know man, I just fly the drone
What did the left boob say to the right boob	You're my breast friend.
What do you call a Rwandan tribe falling down a hill	Tutsi Roll
What's the scariest thing a blind person can read in Braille	Danger: Do not touch
what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a child	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What did the man with the world's largest penis have for breakfast	I had a bowl of Corn Flakes and some buttered wheat toast.
What do you do when you see a space man	You park, man.
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use more lube!
What's red and hangs from the ceiling	A red ceiling hanger! What's blue and hangs from the ceiling? [you reading this] I don't fucking know, a blue ceiling hanger? No asshole, they only come in RED!
Whats the definition of love true love and showing off	Spitting swallowing and gargling.
What do Atilla the Hun and John the Baptist have in common	Their middle name.
What did Edward Snowden say when he bumped into Barack Obama	Pardon me
What's the difference between your mum and a roster	A rooster says cock a-doddle-do. Your mum says any cock will do.
What is an office gossip's favorite tool	A spreadshit, of course.
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch	Seizure Salad
What did Donkey Kong say when Mario asked him for help for some schoolwork	I D K
what do you call a fake spaghetti	an impasta
What game do you play if you don't take care of  your teeth	Tooth (truth) or Consequences.
What app do nervous ppl order on dates	Chicken Tinders.
What do women and Google have in common	[They never let you finish first.] (#s)
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*gag*
What do you guys think of polar bears	I think they all white.
What do you call someone who's been kicked out of a fraternity	Hasbro.
[answers phone during job interview] What's the address here	The Pizza Hut guy can't find me.
What's is the outcome of a soccer game between Ethiopia and Jamaica	Half of the grass gets eaten and the other half gets smoked
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts.
What Do You Call A Galloping Musician	Ludvig Van BeetHOOFen.
What is the hardeast part about eating vegetables	Their wheelchairs
What do you call Quicksilver when he's duct taping people's mouths	A running gag.
What do you call terrorists who have degrees in material science and electromagnetic theory	HysterISIS
What would you call Hispanics if everyone in the world were completely equal	Equatinos
What's the hardest thing about learning to ride a bicycle	The road.
What can you hear but never see	Everything if you're Stevie Wonder
What appears over black man's head when he has an idea	A fried Chicken leg
What do you call a melted penny	Liquid assets.
What's a pirates favorite letter	Aargh you think it would be but it's the sea
What's Forrest gumps password	1forrest1
What is the most masculine profession	Maleman
What do you get when you mix a pickle and a deer	A dilldoe
What is faster hot or cold	Hot because you can actually ""catch a cold"".
What did Helen Keller say when she jumped off a cliff	Nothing, she was wearing mittens.
What did the policeman say when he pulled over a nissan	Nissan Haltima Bonus: What do you call it when a kia pulls up to a red light? Kia stoptima
What do liberals and homeless people have in common	They are always asking for change.
What did one amorous flea say to the other	I love you aw-flea.
What has 60 feet and 5 teeth	The front row of a Trump rally.
What do you call a crazy Mexican dog	Perronoid
Q: What did the hat say to the necktie	A: You go AHEAD I'll HANG AROUND!
What do you call a nun who's gone to Heaven	Nun of the above.
What do you call it when a hobbit lives in the ghetto	Worcestershire
What is at the bottom of the sea and shakes	A nervous wreck.
What do you do if your video card driver keeps crashing	Take away it's drivers license.
What do you call someone who is great at casting	? A Mastercaster hahahahahah
What's a Native's 2 favourite colours	Blue and Blue Light.
What do you call someone who impersonates a lousy mom	Bad mother faker.
What is a man's most sensitive organ while masturbating	His ears
What does a haunted hamburger say	MooooOOOoooOoo
What is long and hard and has cum inside of it	A Cucumber
What do you call a kid with no arms and legs and severe Down syndrome	Names
What does Garfield like in his bed	Pussy
What do an engagement ring and a child molester have in common	They both come in a little box.
What did the jihadist do when he forgot to study	He bombed the exam.
What's the difference in a voyeur and a thief	A thief snatches your watch...
What's black and white and can't turn around in an elevator	A nun with a spear through her head.
What do you call an imaginary color	A pigment of your imagination.
What is atheism	A non-prophet religion Edit: Replace the word ""religion"" with ""set of beliefs"" if you're picky about that sort of thing
What type of wrists are the scariest	Terror wrists.
What's gray and all around	Everything. I'm a dog.
What do skinny jeans and cheap hotels have in common	No *ball*room
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.
What's Forest Gumps password	1Forest1
What does a gay horse eat	Hhhhaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are under $2.00 while deer nuts are under a buck
What did the 0 say to the 8	Cool belt fuckface
What do you call a smart blonde	A labrador
What did Ferris Bueller do after he graduated high school	He went to Europe to study a-Broderick
What happened when Rick fell down a hill	Rick rolled.
What do you call a black guy whose hitch-hiking	Stranded!
What do monks, rabbis, and Mormon priests have in common with brains	The all tend to be found enclosed within temples.
What is Chris Brown's favorite hobby	[OC] Beats me.
What kind of meat does The Pope eat	Nun
What did the pirate say when he saw a woman giving head	There she blows!!!
What do you call a rock group of 4 men who don't sing or play music	Mount Rushmore. ^^Or ^^Nickelback. ^^I'm ^^so ^^sorry.
What is the difference between a cock and a penis	A cock is an animal. Penis is a male sexual organ.
What did the astronaut see on his skillet	Unidentified frying (flying) objects.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit	BANANAAAAA
What do you call a Frenchman shoving a baguette up your butt	A pain in the ass.
What is the river of negation called	The Nile
What did Michael J. Fox's dad say when Michael J. Fox tried to parallel park	Watch the Parking son.
What did Bill say to Hillary after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What do you call it when you get stuck into a shotgun wedding with a Czech	Checkmate!
What do you call a group of armpit farters	A pit orchestra. Bonus: [World Record for Armpit Farts in 15s](https://recordsetter.com/world-record/most-armpit-farts-15-seconds/9602)
What do you get 18 years after fucking your sister	A vote for Trump.
What's the difference between a week-old human and a weak, old human	About eighty years
What is the fakest part of Skyrim	The fact that red guards can swim.
What did the rich socialite's parrot say	Polly want a cracker with cavier please!
What's the best thing about Alzheimer's	You meet new people every day.
What is Tom Brady's favorite opera	Deflatermaus! (Die Fledermaus!)
What do you get from an invisible cow	Evaporated milk!
What's a ghost's favorite sexual fetish	Boo-kake
What do terrorist Weight Watchers use	Weapons of mass-reduction.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaaaaaay
What do you call a German physician who specializes in the epidermis of the scalp	Herr Doctor.
What did the cannibal coach yell when his player twisted his ankle	Wok it off! Wok it off!
What do you call a drunken Muslim	Mohammered
What's the difference between a Trump rally and a Klan rally	Several thousand yards of white fabric.
What works in a circus walks a tightrope and has claws	An acrocat !
What do you call a female peacock...	A peacunt
What do you say to a vampire when he graduates from college	Coagulations!
What did the apple say to the apple pie	You've got some crust.
What do you call a black astronaut	An astronaut. racist jerk
What's the difference between Light and Hard	You can sleep with a light on
What does Sodium and Batman have in common	NaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNa BATMAN i'll just see myself out....
What do Child predators use to get dry skin off of their feet	A Pedofile
What's the difference between a bitch and a slut	A slut fucks everybody, a bitch fucks everyone but you.
What type of dog leaves a mark	shar pei
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto
What size lumber is used to build homes in Dubai	Dubai fours
What's the difference between a chick and a woman	The chick says ""cock-a-doodle-do"", and the woman says "" any-cock-will-do
What's the cheapest meat available	Deer testicles, it's under a buck.
What's the difference between a burger and a burglar	Cooking times.
What do cows call Frank Sinatra	Old Moo Eyes!
What did the little boy with no arms and legs get for Christmas	Cancer.
What does Rick and the Llama have in common	Caaaaarl!!
What'd the ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing they just waved.... I'll show my self out
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Slap her!
What do you call a condensed version of the history of ISIS	CaliphNotes!
What do you call a karate expert with a father who has diarrhoea	A chop happy chappy with a crap happy pappy.
What's the difference between fog and mist	If you hit it its fog, if you don't it's mist.
What does it take for a Beatles reunion	Two Bullets.
What couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was to far outtttttttttt........ Ha weeeeeeed.
What's green, red and smells like shit	Green and Red shit
What do you call someone with a successful life	Certainly not me.
What gets less rain than the Sahara Desert	The sun!
What do you call poultry that glows in the dark	Chicken Kiev
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut, you racist.
What kind of tree smells like bacon	(Original?) A Porcupine!
What did the 2 tampons say to each other	Nothing because they were both stuck up cunts.
What do old people smell like	Depends...
What happened to the gay dude whose lover kicked him out his house	He is Homoless
What did Cinderella say when she reached the ball	Nothing, she just made gagging noises
What's the dating scene like at MIT	Carbon-14 is the most common method, I believe.
What's the difference between a regular product and a fancy one	The regular one says ""Made in China"". The fancy one says ""Designed in the USA. Made in China.
What's the difference between E.T. and a Mexican	E.T. learned English and went home.
What do you get when you cross menstruation and apples	The MaxiPad
What do you call the rough parts of Paris	La Ba-ghetto
What has 8 legs and wears a kilt	A Scottish pedophile.
What does a dentist do in his free time	Shoot lions.
What do you call a white girl that runs faster than her brothers	A redneck virgin
What goes oh oh oh	Santa walking backwards.
What is the longest word in the English language	SMILES because there is a mile between the first and last letters!
What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What does a Jamaican do when he sees a spaceman	He parks his car, man.
What's the difference between an egg and a wank	You can beat an egg...
What's the difference between a lesbian and a Ritz cracker	Ones a snack cracker and the others a crack snacker.
What is 30 feet long and has 42 teeth	A bus full of rednecks
What do you call a computer smoking weed	High tech.
What do you call two Korean lovers	Seoulmates
What do you call a wrongly accused art thief	Framed
What did Trump say to Putin after he got elected	Well, Vladimir, urine for a real treat the next four years.
What do you find inside a clean nose	Fingerprints
[Nsfw] What's the difference between a dead baby and a cantaloupe	I don't fuck a cantaloupe before I eat it.
What is better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics	Not being retarded
What do you call a slutty toaster	A crumb dumpster
What is a fedora enthusiast's favorite cookie	M'lano
What's the most fun a monk can have	Nun
Whats the Difference Between Hitler and Stalin	Hitler Hit. Stalin Stalled.
What do you call riot police in Germany	Kraut Control
What do you get if you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole	Hot cross bunnies Happy Easter
What did the dolphin say when he ran into the sea turtle	Sorry, I didn't do it on porpoise.
What is worse then sweat on Olivia Newton John	Come on Eileen
What do little sisters ride	A Nii-san
What did the Irishman say about the RC car tied to his scrotum	It drives me nuts.
What does Barack Obama call illegal aliens	Undocumented Democrats.
What's the difference between a paddling pool and a swimming pool	Deep ends really.
What do you call high school students doing a digestive system test	In-test teens.
What is the similarity between a blonde and a turtle	When they fall on their backs they're fucked
What to you call Batman and Robin after they've been run over by a car	Flatman and Ribbon
What language do cats speak	Catonese
What do you call a stomach ache you get from eating a Cuban sandwich	Castro-intestinal distress.
What's the worst part about looking at internet porn	When the librarian tells you to leave.
What's bigfoot's favorite food	Sasquash!
what is worse than locking your keys in your car parked at planned parent hood	going inside to borrow a coat hanger
What do you call batman when he skips church	Christian Bale
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeye.
What's the difference between batman and Blackman	Batman can go to the store without robin Edit: glad you'll liked it :-)
What do you call two female doctors working at the same hospital	A pair of docs. Probably belongs in /r/imgoingtohellforthis Is /r/misogyny a sub??? My mom would be so disappointed.
What happened when to the psychoanalyst when he went ice skating for the first time	A Freudian Slip
What do you give to an owl who is not being himself	A Bowl (B-Owl)
What's the worst part about 30 lawyers in a bus going over a cliff	The bus could fit 30 more lawyers.
What does FUN stand for	Some nights, I don't know.
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle	The polar bear
What kind of cancer was Jar Jar diagnosed with	Meesathelioma.
What's the worst prank you can play on a blind person	Leave the plunger in the toilet
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A ""Roman"" Catholic
What do Plains Native Americans have in common with moderately sized sea dwelling mammals	For all in tents and porpoises, they're constantly moving.
What do you call a work out routine done by a sexy robot	An erector set. I'll see myself out.
What type of weed are you allowed to smoke during Ramadan	Tajweed
What fabric is Mario's overalls	Denim denim denim.
What do you get if you cross a rooster with peanut butter	A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What do you call fake spaghetti	An im-pasta!
What do viagra and China have in common	Rigged erections
What did Dorothy do to the mean Asian Munchkin	She swallowed the yellow prick's load.
What steps should you take if you see a dangerous animal on your travels	Very large ones.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She gagged
What do you call a rude German	A Deutsch bag
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No idea.
What does the bee Santa Claus say	Ho hum hum !
What did the policeman say to his belly button	You're under a vest
What do you get when you cross an onion and a donkey	Most times you get an onion with a tail. But every once in a while you get a piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye.
What do you call a person who thinks every day is Halloween	a transsexual
What do you call a chicken that crosses the road, rolls in the mud and crosses back over	A dirty double crosser.
What's the difference between a German and a Virgin	one one appreciates good head
What is will	A little bitch
What state do the most math teachers come from	Mathachusits!
What's common between Canadians and Belgians	They're mostly really nice people, but they have the French living there too.
What is the KKK's favorite dessert	A Klandike bar.
What do you call a disputatious horse	A naahh sayer. Credit:14 yr old me.
What's a pirate's most favorite letter	[A letter of marque](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_of_marque).
What do a chick and KFC have in common	Once you're done enjoying the legs, thighs and breasts your left with a greasy box to stick your bone in.
What do you call Bruce Lee stuffed in a shell	A crustacean
What would you call a nine day old dog in  Russia	A puppy.
What do lawyers wear to court	Lawsuits
What's the difference between a white guy and a pizza	A pizza doesn't shoot up a school.
What's Edward Elric's favorite band	My Alchemical Romance
What did the cookie farmer say	I've been raisin' cookies.
What's the best hotel in the world	Auschwitz. 1.3 million stars.
What do you call someone who can't take a joke about cancer	Someone with no sense of tumor.
What is your favorite joke about women	Q: Why don't women wear watches? A: Because there is a clock on the stove.
Whats the difference between a whistle and a rape whistle	one is a cockblocker
What is a runner's favourite subject in school	Jog-raphy !
What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow	Reality. I'll show myself out now...
What do terrorists and the England football team have in common	They will never win
What do you call a comedian that can't get a girl pregnant	Carl Barron
What do you call a stay-at-home parent	Unemployed.
What's the difference between a pair of shoes and a ginger girl	You try your best to keep your shoes from getting wet when you go to town.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire	Frostbite
What says ""Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark!""	A dog with a hair lip
What came first, the chicken or the egg	The rooster (   )
What do you call a wizard who loves being on busy trams	Harry Frotteur
What did the pirate say to the wench before sex	Prepare to be boarded.
What's Irish and sits out all night	Patio furniture.
What's the difference between a guy with carry on luggage and a photon	The guy overpacked, and the photon is traveling light.
What did the leper say to the hooker	Keep the tip.
What's a panda's favorite drink	Fanta.
What does the Pope Jean-Paul 2 and the little girl kidnapped by Boko Haram have in common	The pope died a virgin
What do people in the South use instead of www.Ancestry.com	www.incestry.com
What do you call funny laboratory equipment	A comical flask.
What's the difference between a black person and Christmas lights	Nothing. They both look good hanging from trees.
What did the midget give her boyfriend after his concert	A Standing Blow-vation.
What happened to the boy-band member who dropped the soap In the prison shower	Let's just say that his backstreet went more than one direction.
What department do you not want to end up at in a corporation run by cannibals	Human Resources.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	World War II.
What do all North Korean's say when you ask them how their day was	can't complain
What can't you hear a pterodactyl go the bathroom	Because the P is silent...
What's green and fuzzy, has six legs, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A pool table.
What if the Bad News Bears literally gave you bad news	Bear 1: You're adopted Bear 2: The cancer is terminal Bear 3: This tweet ain't funny
What's the most confusing holiday in the hood	Father's day.
What is a Pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta	Wartortellini!
what do you tell a girl with two black eyes...	nothing, you already told her twice
What did Mark Antony say to Van Gogh	Lend me your ears
What anime do Mexicans watch	Boku no Pico de Gallo
What did the big chimmney say to the little chimmney	Stop smoking. You are too young to smoke
What's the difference between a Caucasian and an asian	The cauc.
What does all pirate music have in common	It's all played in the high C's.
What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called	The Necronomnomnomicon.
What did Kenny G say when he got off the elevator	- What did Kenny G say when he got off the elevator? - ""Man, this place ROCKS!"" (from Stephen King - The Cell)
What did they call taxi drivers in Nazi Germany	Ubermensch.
What kind of cereal do you find in a haunted house	Cinnamon Ghost Crunch
What does a cannibal bring to a barbecue	(OC) Brats!
What's the difference between MLK day and St. Patty's day	On St Patty's day everyone wants to be Irish.
[NSFW] What did Olive Oyl say to Popeye on their wedding night	No fisting.
What does Bill Say to Hillary after Sex	Honey I'll be Home in 20 minutes.
What do you call a Mexican supremacist organization against civil rights	The Que Que Que.
What has only one arm and can't swim	An excavator.
Q: What is long, black and stinks	A: The unemployment line
What do boobs and toys have in common	They were both originally made for kids, but daddies end up playing with them.
What did the Time Traveller find when he brought a joint to Ancient Greece	The Philosophers Stoned
What kind of cancer does an amnesiac oncologist diagnose	Adenocarcinoma
What would Steve Harvey change his name to if he suddenly became bulimic	Heave Starvey
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock in your ass
What does electron and proton say when they go to war	Chaaaarge!!
What is the difference between most of these jokes on this sub and a bucket full of shit	The bucket.
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynocologist	One looks up your family tree, and the other looks up your family bush.
What do you call a blind German	A Nazi
What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman	Snowballs
What time do Germans leave their dentist appointments	2:39
What is the worst thing about sex in a cemetery	All the damn digging.
What do you call 99% of /r/politics	Bernd-wagoners!
What word is always spelled wrong	Wrong
What do you call a sweaty British Millionaire	All-quid.
What do most people do when they see a python	They re-coil !
What does an old lady's pussy taste like	Depends.
What does a Jamacian call everything he owns	Meetings.
what does my microwave and women have in common	they both need a mute button
What should you do if you see an epileptic having a seizure in a bathtub	Throw in a load of laundry, and soap
What did Obi-Wan Kenobi say to his wife when she cheated on him	May divorce be with you.
What's the difference between a lobster with a boob job and a Greyhound terminal	One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station.
What's Bruce Lee's favorite car	Kiaaaaaaaa
What is Forrest Gumps password	1forrest1
What is empty and spins round and round	A Malaysian Airlines baggage claim.
What's a rock group with four guys that don't sing	Mount Rushmore
What do you call a herd of masturbating cows	Beef strokin' off
What do /r/gonewild posters and cat owning redditors have in common	Both show pussy for karma.
What does a vegan zombie eat	GRAAAIIINNNSSS!!!!
What is similar about a twitch mod and an a reddit mod	&lt;message deleted&gt;
What's the fastest way to make money as a guitarist	By selling your guitar.
What do the mafia and a pussy have in common	One slip of tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What do you call a terrorist cowboy	A jiiiiiihadist. Not sorry.
What do tumblrinas do on Halloween	They go trigger treating
What side of a cake is the right side	The side that gets eaten because the other side is left.
What do Paul Walker and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hit was the wall
What are the three worst words to hear while you are having sex	Honey, I'm home!
What did the guy say to the funny drug dealer	You really crack me up dude!"" The drug dealer responds with: ""How much?
What did O say to Q	Ya dick is hangin out.
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke warm
What did the camel toe say to the moose nuckle on New Years eve	Let's get toe up!
What do you call a religious person who gets into x rated movies, but then stops watching them, but then starts watching them again later on	A porn again christian.
What is Napoleon Dynamite's Favorite TV Dinner	Tot Pockets
What do Jews call a lone rabbit	A rabbi.
What black &amp; White and cool as f**k	A fridge with a leather jacket on.
What would a woodchuck do if a woodchuck could chuck wood	Go chuck itself of course.
What's the difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt	Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What did the doctor say to the prosecutor	You're trying my patients!
Whats up r/jokes	Not march.
What breaks when you give it to a baby	Its hips.
What's Snoop Dogg's favourite chocolate bar	Sniggas.
What has 4 legs but cant move	A child born in Chernobyl, duh.
What did the victims of a month-delayed April Fool's prank feel	Dismay.
What is it called when a Jewish woman ovulates	An Eggsodus.
What turns a fruit into a vegetable	AIDS.
What is it called when you throw a tin can into a recycling bin	A recycling TIN!
What batteries do turtles use	Durashells
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle	The polar bear
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly it in her ass.
What's got 9 arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What do you put in a box to make it lighter	Courtney Love
What do you call a Texan who just had sex	A jolly rancher. Credit goes to my friend at school.
What's slimy cold long and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs finger...
What do you call the shiniest people	Polish
What's funnier than a dead baby	A dead baby sitting next to a kid with down syndrome.
What do you call somebody who's attracted to vagrants	A hobosexual.
What do you call a car made out of Canadian money	A CADillac.
What do a washing machine and a one night stand have in common	a washing machine doesn't follow you around for a week after you put a load in it..
What did the sushi say to the bee	Wassabee?!?!
What do you call a fight between two dairy products	A fromage fray.
What's difference between 10 dead babies and Lamborghini	I don't have Lamborghini in my garrage
What do you call a female accountant	An accountant you sexist fucker.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head as it smacks into a car windshield on the highway	Its ass.
what happens when a frogs car breaks down	it gets toad
What happened to the girl who went fishing with a group of men	She returned home with a red snapper.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he's 12
What would you call a democrat and republican coming together as one in the bible	A Bernie Bush
What do a walrus and a Tupperware container have in common	They both like a tight seal.
What's the one kind of marriage that's still frowned upon in Alabama	Interracial
Whats The Difference.... ... Between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick down a girls throat.
What do you get when a Game of Thrones character sets up your photo studio	Stark lighting.
What kind of bees make milk	Boobees.
What is the difference between a sociopath and a buddhist	A sociopath sees people as things; a buddhist sees things as people.
What's red and smells like blue paint	... Red paint.
What are the odds I could find the sum of numbers from 1-100	I'd say it's fifty fifty
What do you call a room with no walls	A mushroom. Some people don't think that this is a joke. But it makes me rofl all over the place.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you've already told her twice...
What do tight jeans and a cheap hotel have in common	No ballroom
What tastes great on pie but bad on pussy	Crust
Whats the difference between the English cricket team and a teabag	A teabag stays in the cup longer
What do you call a sad coffee	A depresso
What instrument does Mother Earth play	The Qatar.
What's the main cause for pedophilia	sexy children
What did one hat say to the other hat	You wait here, I'm going to go on a head.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom	One snatches watches...
What do you call a belt made of watches	A waist of time
What sort file do you you need to turn a 1.5 inch hole into a 4.5 inch one	A pedo-file.
What do kings call musical chairs	A game of thrones.
What kind of pants to Mario and Luigi wear	Denim denim denim...denim denim demin I'll see myself out now...thank you
What do you call a naked golfer	Off-putting.
What's yellow and covers assholes	The Lakers uniform.
What kind of bees hum and drop things	A fumble bee !
What do you call the kid of an Iceland and Cuban parents	Ice cubes.
What's the difference between a duck	One leg is both the same.
What animal would you most like to be on a cold day	A little otter
What does a negatively charged particle do when it gets excited	It gets an erectron.
What do you call a movie set during a woman's menstral cycle	A period piece
What was Hitler's favourite computer game	Mein Kraft
What did the teenage boy who was jerking off in his room say when his mother called	One second mom, I'm coming!
What happens to male anarchists as they get older	They go from having anti-state issues to having prostate issues.
What's your favorite genre of music	Not Metal.
What's the us army tanksman's favorite song	Tanks for the memories""!
What did the seamen say to each other when they entered a deep dark cave	Smells fishy
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Ferrarri	Porcupines have pricks on the outside.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What did the Buddhist say when asked if he'd like to move from Tibet to North Korea	Nah. I'ma stay.
What do you NEVER call a black man	a friend
What do you call the sweat on your balls after sex with your cousin	Relative humidity.
What present did the kid with no hands get	Gloves. Ha! Just kidding, I don't know what he got, he hasn't opened it yet.
What do you call a hot girl in Germany	Tourist
What's the difference between an infinite line and an infinitely large circle	There is no difference. The joke is you just learned math.
Q: What do bees do if they don't want to drive	A: Wait at the buzz stop.
What does a baby look like in a microwave	I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.
What Bible verse keeps every student going	Lunch 11:35.
What do you get when you have a midget fortune teller on the loose	A small medium at large.
Whats black and doesn't work	Decaf Coffee ..... you fucking racist.
What do you get when you make a scarf out of a cat	A Neko.
What do you call a slow transgender	Translate.
What do you call a chicken staring at a head of lettuce	Chicken sees-a salad
What's the difference between dads and boomerangs	The boomerangs always come back.
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wipes his butt
what did one prick say to the other prick	nothing they were both stuck up cunts
What city would you be in if you dropped your waffle on the beach	....Sandy ego.
What's Hitler's favorite part of a golf course	The bunker
What do you call paying for services with a blowjob	A package deal.
What do you call emigrates of Sweden	Swedouts.
What do you call an Irish basketball player with a sore back	Hunch-black of Notre Dame
What's your stance on public intoxication	Mine is very wobbly.
What did the seaweed say when it was in trouble	Kelp me!
What Is The Best Boxing A Mexican Does	A: Oranges.
What do you call a lot of cactus	A cac-ton
What kind of Pokemon hides in the bushes outside of delis	Peek-a-Jew
What's the best time to buy a bird	When it goes cheep!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws, the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
What is born skinless, flies wingless and sings until it dies	A fart. *dedicated to my dear departed Grandfather who told me this joke almost 40 years ago when I was a kid.*
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What do Hurricane Irene and Kim Kardashian have in common	They blow the whole east coast and there's videos online.
What does Mr. Miyagi do while Daniel-san waxes the car	He wax off.
Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fell out of a window
What did the Buffalo say when his child left for college	Bison
What do you give an elephant with big feet	Plenty of room !
What's the difference between a lobster and a Japanese woman run over by a steamroller	One's a crustacean and the other is a crushed Asian.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhoea	The farmer shucks between fits.
What kind of bees make milk	boo-bees  (boobies)
Whats the difference between pizza and your opinion	I only asked for pizza.
What's the difference between being hungry and horny	Where you put the cucumber in
What's the bright side of being knocked unconscious and raped	At least you get to start with an anonymous tip.
What do you call gigabytes in Africa	They can't afford computers in Africa.
What's the definition of ""Tender Love	Two gays with hemorrhoids.
What do you call a laxative candy on a stick, being eaten by Shirley Temple	The good shit lollipop.
What is a sure way to get a girl at a bar	Order a Cosbypolitan cocktail
What do you call a group of invading pirates	An **Arrr**my
What do Romans say when their wives run away	Caesar!
What two members of the cow family go everywhere with you	Your calves!
What did the ireshmen say to the beer	I love you.....
What do you name an African tech startup	Double Click! (Okay, Khoisan only.)
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans can't milk a cow for 12 years I'm sorry
What Does an Angry Sheep Say in Battle	Fus Ro BAAAAAAAA.
What is it called when someone overdoses on ecstasy	Kill-joy
What's 12 inches and white	Nothing.
What's the difference between an introverted mathematician and an extroverted mathematician	The extrovert looks at the other person's shoes.
What did one motherfucker say to the other motherfucker	Hows it going motherfucker
What did a German say to a Jewish man when he sneezed	Gesundheit
What would New Zealand be called if it had a fascist government	Not Zealand.
What did the Third Reich say when they fired Hitler	You're ladolf.
What did the octopus make for desert	...Octopie
What is Hitler's favorite video game	Grand theft Otto
What's the most popular contraceptive in Israel	Iron condome
What's worse than passing out and waking up after a party and finding a penis drawn on your face	Finding out it was traced.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and agnostic	Someone who stays up wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a black guy in outer space	An astronaut you racist bastard.
Q: What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife	A: A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
What do you call Annoying Orange and his gang having sex	An Orangy
What do you do when you miss your ex	Reload and shoot again.
What has 2 legs but can not walk	A cripple.
What do you call a conservative toothbrush that won't shut up	Brush Limbaugh
What did the bra say to the top hat	You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
What do you call the piece of plastic behind the windshield in an Iraqi car	A Daeshboard
What does a man eat when he cannot run off with his girlfriend	Cantaloupe
What is the name of the restaurant chain that serves sushi burritos	Japotle.
What do you get when you cross The Atlantic with The Titanic	About halfway.
What s the difference between toilet paper and toast	Toast is brown on both sides.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What is the syndrome that endangers the dental well-being of over-anxious or stressed-out LGBT's	brucism
What would Jimi Hendrix be doing today if he was still alive	Trying to get out of his grave.
What do Mexicans cut their pizzas with	Little Caesars
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo	One is a little heavier and the other is a little lighter.
What did Ron Burgandy say when he dropped his waffle on the beach	Go fuck yourself sandy Eggo
What do Tiger Woods and baby seals have in common	They both get clubbed by Norwegians...
What did the neurotic pig say to the  farmer	You take me for grunted.
What do you call... What do you call a dwarf who sells prosthetic limbs	A small arms dealer.
What's the worst thing for a cannibal to say to a friend	Your family has impeccable taste.
What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common	Someone didn't pull it out in time.
What does a Necrophiliac have when he is turned on	Mourning Wood
What do you call a disabled Lego	An O.
What's a mortician's least favorite day on the job	Bring Your Kid to Work Day
Q: What Do You Call Cheese That Isn't Yours	A: Nacho Cheese.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus	One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
What do you call a little Mexican	A paragraph, because he's not quite an essay.
What did the racist cannibal have for breakfast	Nigger-o's
What do you call Mike Tyson without any arms	Whatever you want
What is black and doesn't work	Decaf coffee.
What you call a responsible porn star	Fistfully conservative!
What's the difference between GOP voters and polar bears	Polar bears gather around the ice hole.
What pokemon spys on you while he has a cold	Peek achoo!
What do you call a cow masturbating	Beef stoken-off
What is it called when weather in Central America breaks the news	A topical climate.
What is the most recycled joke that keeps getting used	Your mom.
What Nationality has the easiest time learning sign language	Italians.
What are condoms for	Condoms are for fucking pussies, and for assholes.
Q: What kind of a car does a crazy man  drive	A: A LOCOmotive.
Q: What's an educated hole in the wall	A: A wisecrack.
What did the vampire say to his girlfriend at school	See you next period!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*gagging*
What's a pirate's favorite programming language	You might think it's R, but his first love has always been the C.
What is a Power Adapter's favorite rock band	AC/DC
What is a catchy Girl's name	Answer: Annette
Whats the difference between a Priest and Acne	*Acne waits until you're a teen to come on your face* ^^^^^^^^^^edit^^^^^^^^^^, ^^^^^^^^^^grammar
What did Pythagoras say about the pyramid scheme	He just couldn't find the guys angle!
What begins with E, ends with E, and has one letter	envelope
[NSFW] What's the difference between pussy and parsley	Nobody eats parsley.
What's the sound that 10 stubby fingers make on a desk	*Drumpf Drumpf Drumpf Drumpf Drumpf...*
What's bright, red and orange and looks good on hippies	Fire.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	A hippo is very large and heavy, and a zippo is just a little lighter.
What do you call a basin full of denim	A gene pool!
What song title is best used to describe the France terrorist attack	Niggas In Paris
What is the worst kind of vegetable to run a country	A penis shaped potato. Its a dick-tater.
What is the ultimate pleasure	To rub peanut butter on your dick and then run through a kindergarten.
What are Marios overalls made of	denim denim denim
What is green and flying over Poland	Peter Panski
What do you call a retard who is super high	a baked potato lol xD
What's the definition of a will	Come on you guys, it's a dead giveaway!
Whats worst than a super long joke	A short one with no punchline
What did the depressed muppet say	I want to Kermit suicide.
What would Bart Simpson's first Steam game be	D'oh-ta 2
What is Lil Wayne's favorite food	Caesar salad
What do you tell an unemployed Rastafarian	Jah bless.
What makes for a good first date	NOT MOVIES
What do a sperm and a lawyer have in common	A 1 in 3,000,000 chance of becoming a human being.
What's the difference... What's the difference between Missionary Baptists and Baptists	Position
What's the most dangerous thing in your freezer	Ice is.
What insect do you use to capture a slutty woman	A hornet!
What happened when The Pope went to Mount Olive	Popeye kicked his ass!
What's the difference between humans and bullets	Humans miss Harambe.
What's the difference between Sin and Shame	It's a sin to put it in, and a shame to pull it out.
What wears a bright red suit and knows if you've been naught..or nice	The Spanish Inquisition.
What do you call ratting out the President's daughter for smoking weed	High treason.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with boobs	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean!
What did the Pirate say when he got his firecrackers	Ahoy M-80
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're giving a blow job to Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What kind of room doesn't have any doors/windows inside	A mushroom.
What do you call spanish suicide squad	Homicide hombres
What do you get when you cross a frog and a rabbit	A rabbit that says ""Ribbit.
What happened to the little Dutch boy after he put his finger in the dyke	...she shattered his jaw!
What do you call a sick dictator	Kim Jong-ILL . . . . . Ill show myshelf out...
What's the similarity between American beer and making love in a canoe	Fucking close to water
What's the best way to find out if you have ticklish balls	Test Tickles
What does a baby computer calls his father	Data.
What do plums and bunnies have in common	They're both purple, except bunnies...bunnies aren't purple :/
What did the scientist say after discovering the medicinal content of homeopathic remedies	0mg !!!!
What do you call fish with no eyes	A fsh.
What's Stephen Hawking's favorite meal	His shoulder.
What do you call a high gymnast	Tumbleweed.
What's the difference between being hungry and being horny	Where you put the cucumber....
What's the similarity between being in the mob and... eating pussy	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit
What are the only english words that russian prostitutes can say	Putin
What did the stuttering Mexican say to his friend when he tried to steal his food	These are nacho-nachos.
What do you call someone who tells you they've successfully broken the Law of Excluded Middle	**WRONG.** ^... ^or ^^right, ^^^or ^^^^something ^^^^^in ^^^^^^between.
What's the difference between the armed forces and Comcast	Nobody ever says ""Thank you for your service"" to the latter.
What did the doctor say to the patient who refused to stop masturbating	Don't make it hard for yourself.
What's the Difference Between Being Hungry and Horny	Where you put the cucumber!
Whats the difference between dawn and dusk	d(sun)/dt *facepalm* I'll see myself out.
What do you hear when Bill Cosby walks into the room	(Zzzzip)
What do you use to wipe off a table after breakfast	A ragamuffin. Knew it was a dadjoke as soon as I saw my 9 year old roll his eyes.
What's the difference between an orange and a baby	You don't fuck an orange after you peel its skin. Credits go to my friend for telling me.
What is the only word in an English dictionary spelled incorrectly	Incorrectly is the only word spelled I n c o r r e c t l y
What's the Turkish version of court packing	Turkey stuffing
What would the gay guy's version of 50 shades of grey be	50 shades of heeeeey.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Strokin' Off
What's a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross-country.
What tastes good but doesn't smell good	A tongue. Hehe
What do you call a girl who likes men with small d**ks	Your girlfriend!
What's big and yellow and can't swim	A bulldozer.
What do you call a fight between Jews	A roast
What did the band consisting only of postmen call itself	Vanmailen.
what's the easiest way to get a jewish girl's number	roll up her sleeve
What is Sean Connery's favorite dish	A seizure salad.
Q: What did one math book say to the other	A: Man I got a lot of problems!
What is White, Fluffy and swings through a cake shop	A Merangue-utang :-D
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary	A thesaurus
What did the lobster say when he saw the mermaid	Gotta lay off the sea-weed.
What did the neckbeard say to the mosquito	M'laria
What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner	He breaks his nose.
What's the difference between feminists and guns	Guns only have one trigger. At the time I was writing this, my mom and sister were in the middle of a death battle yelling match, help.
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest	Acne waits till you're 13 to come on your face.
Whats the difference between a feminist and a bomb vest	A bomb vest does something when triggered.
What do Julie Andrews in The Sound of Music and Keith Richards have in common	They both made habits fashionable.
What do you call a Sasquatch that is never on time	Not Yeti
What's green and has 4 wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels...
What's worst than biting into an apple and finding a worm	Biting into an apple and finding half a worm!
What do you call a three-humped camel	Pregnant.
What do you call an ugly dinosaur	An eyesaur
Q: What did the potato ask the cow	A: Give me some milk, and we can make mashed potatoes.
What does a 1 eyed, 1 legged, and deaf kid get for Christmas	...Cancer
What's a ghosts favorite ride at the carnival	The roller ghosted.
What did the leper say to the hooker	Keep the tip
What's the best part about a hooker dying on you	The second hour's free.
What does disappointment feel like	[deleted]
What's a feminists least favorite Pokemon	Abra!
what do you call an asian lounge singer	george crooney
What were Steve Jobs children told to do when their father passed away	Steve's Job.
What did the American call Karl Marx when a shrine was dedicated to him in Japan	A Kami.
What's 668	The Neighbor of the Beast.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice	It breaks the ice...Hi, i'm (insert name)
What file turns a 1mm hole into a 10mm hole	A paedophile.
What do Aaron Hernandez and Jared Fogle now have in common	Matching uniforms.
What do a pizza boy and a gyneocologist have in common	They both smell it but can't eat it.
Q: What happens when a Polak doesn't pay his garbage bill	A: They stop delivering.
What would you call your geologist friend if you are a pokemon fan	Geodude
What does spinach and anal sex have in common	If they were forced on you as a child you probably don't like them as an adult.
What do you call fake soup	Pho Soup
What do you call a Mexican girl who loves to sleep around	A Burrithoe
What was the greatest accomplishment of the early Romans	Speaking Latin !
What do you call a boner at a funeral	Mourning wood.
What does Salvador Dahli eat for breakfast	Surreal.
What do you call a belt with a watch on it	A waist of time *door closes on way out*
What do you call a Chinese millionaire	Cha-Ching.
What did the gay Mexican dentist ask his boyfriend for	Oral, B.
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's finger
What's meaner than a pitbull with herpes	The guy who gave it to the pitbull.
What did the 0 say to the 8	Hey, nice belt!
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	People like pizza
What does a black guy wearing a fedora say to greet people	Sup m'niggas
What do you call 5 people sitting In two rows	Tetris
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer	Ash.
What do you call a Chinese Billionaire	Cha Ching.
What do you call an epileptic in a vegetable garden	A seizure salad
What is the KKK's favorite soup	Clan chowder
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About halfway.
What's a neckbeard's favorite country	M'laysia
What do you call a politician in a house fire	Burning Sanders!
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	Don't expect me to get hard in 3 minutes, I just got laid this morning.
What's the difference between the Panama Canal and Nancy Pelosi	? ... ... .... One is a busy ditch.
What do you call a guy with diarrhea who just had his father committed to the insane asylum	A crap happy chappy with a slap happy pappy.
What do little miss muffet and ISIS have in common	They both have curds in their whey.
What do you call a peanut in a spacesuit	An astronut.
what happens if you drink 3.14 liters of water	you will Pi ss
What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland	Well the flag's a big plus.
What's the worst part about eating a vegetable	Taking her out of the wheelchair and putting her into bed.
What's the difference between extremist and /r/the_donald	At least one group can grow a beard.
What are Jehova Witnesses called in Chinese	Ding Dong!
What did the police officer say to the man who was urinating publicly	Urine trouble, mate!
What did the Buffalo Say to his Son as he left for school	Bison
What's the best things about Anti-Jokes	They have a large following!
What's the difference between America and Yoghurt	If you leave yoghurt alone for 2000 years it'll develop a culture.
What is a 6.9	A 69 ruined by a period.
What do you call two girls having their menstrual cycles	A menstrual bicycle.
What do you call a cow masturbating in an open field	Beef-Stroke-Anoff
What happens on the first date with Bill Cosby	I don't remember
What's the difference between Tinder and the PokemonGo app	Nothing, it both requires swiping to find monsters in your area.
What did the rude prism say to the light beam that smacked into him	Get bent!
What do you call a soda in love	A Crush
What do you call a Jamaican squid	Calamarley
Whats the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	one's a crusty bus station, and the other's a busty crustacean.
What do computers eat for snacks	Micro-chips.
What do you call a cute shortcoming	Flaww
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese Girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What is in a virgin candy bar	Cherries and nuts
What the beat part about having sex with twenty-one year olds	There's twenty of them!
What's a stoner's favorite body of water	The T.H. sea
What do you call a man holding a machine gun	Sir
What would Donald Trump do to nuclear weapons	He fires them!
What do you call a factory that produces quality goods	A satisfactory
What would North Korea be renamed to if it was taken over by a Scandinavian dictator	Norse Korea
What's the only acceptable filetype at The Xavier Institute for Higher Learning	.docx
What do white girls and web developers have in common	nobody ever compliments our back end :(
What do you call a rabbit with lots of fleas	Bugs Bunny.
What did the African have for breakfast	E Bol A Cereal
What do you call the queue to Alcatraz	Alkaline
What kind of fish is made of two sodium atoms	2 Na!
What's the only painful car rental company	Hertz.
What did the snail say when he jumped on the turtle's back	Wheeeeee!
What do you call a Roman warrior with hair in his mouth	Gladiator Get it? Glad He Ate Her..
What does December have that other months dont have	The letter D.
What do you call Squidward when he gives DNA results for a living	You call 'im Maury. :)
What was Anne Frank's middle name	Ashley
What's a pirate's favorite video game	**Call of Booty.** Because there's mighty phat loot and booty ta be pillagin' and plunderin', matey.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Megasoreass rex
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose	full
What's it like to go down on an ewok	It's alright, they're just a little chewy.
What happens if you pass gas in church	You have to sit in your own pew.
What was Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card	Blue eyes white aryan
What do Mexican people use to keep warm	Faheaters.
What's the final digit of the square root of 2 (2)	I don't know, sometimes radicals can be irrational.
What's the difference between 'Oh' and 'Oooh'	About three inches
What did the train say on the way to Auschwitz	Jew-Jew
What do you call a good looking Spanish/Jewish guy	Flacowitz
What do you call a Nazi doctor that served in WWII and only took animal patients	A Veteran Aryan Veterinarian!
What did the little kid do with the dead battery	He buried it.
What do you call a man with a spade in his head	Doug.
What did the pirate say when his wooden leg got stuck in the freezer	Shiver me timbers!
What do you get when you mix an elephant and a rhino	elephino. (Hell if I know)
What did one Pencil say to the other	Your looking Sharp!
What does it mean when a girl likes a 12 inch dick	She has a foot fetish. :D
What's the worst thing about being black and Jewish	You have to sit at the back of the oven
What's the difference between a black man and a bench	A bench can support a family
What kind of dog can jump higher than a building	Any kind, buildings can't jump.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off!
Q: What did the one giraffe say to the other giraffe	A: ""Holy shit I can talk.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are about a dollar seventy nine, deer nuts however are just under a buck
What great song is associated with  hamburgers and baseball	'Steak Me Out to the Ballgame'!
What do you call a lonely cow	Beef Jerky
What does a blind pornstar say when she's surprised	I did not see that cumming....
What's the difference between a group of intelligent midgets and a girls xc team	One is a group of cunning runts and the other is a group of running cunts.
What do French people do when they don't have bottles of their favourite beverage	They go to Cannes
Q: What's the difference between a chorus line of blondes and a magician	A: A magician has a cunning array of stunts.
What did the Russian woman say to her violent husband	Vladislav, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.
What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song	I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
What time do philosophers like to visit the shopping mall	At the Schopenhauer.
What do horses hope for on election day	A stable economy
What do you call a female with down syndrome	Debby Downer
What do you call a lesbian driving a Ford Windstar full of penises	A dick-van dyke. -Credit to Louis CK
Whats the best time to go to the dentist	4:30pm It let's you out of work a bit early with a valid excuse
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he was white	Alive...
What do you call an alien from Austria	Austalian
What the hell is this REstraining Order	!? I never even got a Straining Order? I'm gonna go over to her house and sort this out.
What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek	If we stick together we can stop this crap!
What is Hitler's least favorite letter	The gas bill.
What's the funniest joke that doesn't reference itself	Clearly not this one!
What's the difference between a woman coming out of church and a woman taking a bath	The woman coming out of church as hope in her soul!
What happened when the mexicans wife passed out on a hot day	He had a hispanic attack
What do an optimist and a paraplegic have in common	They're not carried by *defeat*
What is the most positive thing in a ghetto	HIV
What does a mentally challenged Time Lord use for travel	A retardis.
What do you call an Irish guy with no arms and no legs hanging out on your front porch	Patio Furniture.
What does BBW actually stand for	Boobs below waist.
What is a Mathematician's favorite thing to drink	Root beer. (tbh: found on a Laffy taffy wrapper)
What do Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini and Ayn Rand have in common	They are all dead.
what retail store does a cat go to when it loses it's tail	a retail sto- goddamn it I did it again
What do soy products and a vibrator have in common	The both substitute meat
whats the difference betweens a violin and a fiddle	A violin has strings and a fiddle has strangs.
What is a black cat's favourite TV show	Miami Mice !
What's the difference between a golf ball and a G spot	A man will spend 20 minutes looking for a golf ball.
What does Darth Vader identify as on Tumblr	Ana-kin
What do you call Sherlock Holmes when he's constipated	No shit Sherlock.
What do you call 2 chainz on steroids	2-Gainz
What is Josh Duggar's second favorite dating website after Ashley-Madison	Ancestry.com
What do you call a baby Matt Damon	A new-Bourne
What's the best part about being cremated	Finally achieving a smokin' hot body.
What's the difference between Trump and Clinton	62 Electoral Votes
What is a Fecalpheliac's favorite time of day	Ate Turdy
What do 12 year old mexican girls and born-again christians have in common	They both have a little Jesus in 'em...
What happened when the Easter Bunny met the rabbit of his dreams	They lived hoppily ever after!
What's green and smells like ham	Kermit the frog's finger
What Do You Call it When Someone Steals Someone Else's Coffee	A Mugging.
What does Hitler call something that makes him mad	Infuhrerating
What's the difference between me and Christmas	My wife isn't disappointed when Christmas comes early.
What did the gay deer say after he left the bar	Man, I can't believe I blew 50 bucks in there
What do you call something that only 9 or 11 can fix	An untenable situation
what sex position makes an ugly baby	?? ASK YOUR MA!
What do you call an antelope that's really bad at being an antelope	A cantelope.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe, dang it! BREATHE!
What word begins with ""N"" and ends in ""R"" that I wouldn't want to call a black guy	Neighbor.
What did the clitoris say to her therapist	I'm a bundle of nerves right now!
What does a spider want to be when he grows up	(This is really good guys...brace yourselves..........) A web designer.
What do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do	Wrong.
What do whales and milk have in common	They both cum in gallons.
What is the difference between your wife and your job	5 years later your job will still suck.
What does a guy drink when he wants to go out with a girl	DATERADE
What do Italians do when they're waiting for somthing	They pasta time.
What's a Navy SEAL's least favourite drink	Canadian Club.
What Do You Call 4 Mexicans In Quicksand	Cuatro Cinco!
What do you call ranch dressing that has gone bad	Raunch
What do you call a potato that's reluctant to try new things	A Hesi-tater
What do Canadians put on their steaks	Eh-1 (Sorry)
What did one hungry unborn baby say to the other	Fetus
What is Donald Trump's favorite music album	The Wall
What is the difference between a group of Pygmy riddlers and a lesbian track team	One is a group of cunning runts and the other is a group of running cunts.
[OC] What do you get when you rub two orange juice boxes together	Pulp friction.
What does a Ferrari and poverty have in common	Princess Diana can't stop either
What do you call a circle of $100 bills	Aretha Franklins! (Happy birthday to the Queen of Soul!)
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef strokin-off.
What do pothead barbarians say when 420 rolls around	420 raze it!
What do nuclear physicists eat for lunch	Fission Chips.
What's the difference between askreddit's mods and askreddit's subscribers	Askreddit's subscribers are ok with offensive jokes.
What do you call the act of lying about Penis size	A Phallacy
What do you call three Make-a-Wish Foundation kids	A genie.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs hanging on the wall	Art.
What do you call the horse than lives next door	A neighbour!
What's the difference between dead babies and salads	I don't put my salads in the microwave before I eat them
What do women put on their ears to look more attractive	... Their knees. (Not sure if this one translates well to english)
What do you call the sequel to Straight Outta Compton about Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg	The Next Episode
What is the difference between God and a police officer	God doesn't think he's a police officer.
What happens when ducks fly upside down	? They quack up
What did water say when ice farted	Ice melt it.
What's Harry Potter's favorite way to go down a hill	Walking. Jk. Rolling.
What do you mean by being loud	quiet the opposite.
What's AlQaeda's favorite football team	The New York Jets
What's ""68""	You do me and I owe you one.
What's the best part about five year olds	They're hands make your cock look huge
What did they do at the Boston Tea Party	I don't know I wasn't invited !
What did the snail on the turtles back say	WEEEEEEEEEE!
What do you call two women standing side by side	Four abreast!
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot.
What did the dubstep valentine's day card say	I wub you
Q: What's red and looks like a bucket	A: A red bucket.
What happened to the plant outside the math class window	It grew square roots.
What has four wheels, and flies	A Garbage Truck.
Q: What happened to the Polish National  Library	A: Someone stole the book.
What do you a call tree sex	A treesome...
What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board	An ironing board's legs are hard to open.
What is a robots favorite sex position	1000101
What would be the worst meal for a football wife	OJ and Rice
What's a necrophiliacs favorite drink	Doesn't matter, so long as it's stiff.
What is a NYC nanosecond	If you are stuck at a red light, its the time that it takes for the occupant of the car behind you to honk his horn when the light turns green.
What did the Father Buffalo say to his boy as he was leaving for college	Bi son (dangit, not sure how I tagged it dirty. Submitted on my phone through BaconReader)
What's black, covered in teeth marks and no longer in use	Philip Seymour Hoffman's belt.
What do you call it when a gay couple has a heated argument and one of them stabs another with a knife	*a homocide.*
What do you call an Egyptian surprise attack	A Tut offensive.
What's similar between drinking American beer and screwing in in a canoe	They're both fucking near water
Q: What happens when a frog parks illegally	A: It gets 'toad'.
What do you call a fat Mexican	A Juan-Ton
What's the difference between a van and a minivan	A van picks up kids. A minivan picks up your kids
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	A pilot
What did Sean Connery say to a couple of lobsters he saw take up an extra parking space	You're two shellfish.
What happened to the defeatists poker business	It folded.
Whats the best thing about being a meth addict	Only two more sleeps until christmas.
What song to snakes like to sing	Viva Aspana !
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4-year old child	Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out a 53rd-story window!
What kind of wolf never runs	Steppenwolf
What did the Loch Ness Monster say to his friend	Long time no sea.
What do you get when you mix a leper and a con man	A lepercon. (In honor of Saint Patrick's day.)
What do you call the gingerbread man's ghetto cousin	The wonderbread man.
What do natural gas and sadists have in common	They're both propane.
What is a blonde's mating call	''NEXT!''
What Do You Call a Bearded Man Whose Idea of Paradise is 72 Virgins	Richard Branson.
What do we call the process which usually happens after a company deliberately sells a misleading product to its customers	DLC.
What's the difference between a bag of dead babies and a mercedes	I don't have a mercedes in my garage!
What did the monster say to the  Thanksgiving turkey	Pleased to eat you!
What did the pig say when his wife left him	Don't go bacon my heart
What is a moo hoo for a sheepish steer	A woolly bully!
Q: What did the Indian say to the white woman when she tied his penis in a knot	A: ""How Come?
What do you call a statue of a ballsack	A scrotum totem
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult.
What US state was founded by black prostitutes	Idaho! get it I - Da - HO.
What do you call a white Arab prince	A milk sheikh
What is a nation inhabitated and reigned by stoners called	A hallucination.
What's Scrooge's favourite Christmas  game	Mean-opoly.
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell, she's got a grenade in her mouth
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A flat minor.
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common	When you're done with the breast and thighs, the only thing left is a greasy box to put your bone in
What is Mexico's national sport	Cross country.
Whats green and goes through walls	A frog if you throw it hard enough...
What do you call a hot fruit	A LAVA-Cado!
What do you call a quiet asian	Silent-li
What is the most dishonest fish in the ocean	A lionfish
What did the token black guy say to the other black guy who walks in the party	Hey man ! Who do you know here ? This is a Brothers only party !
What's an advantage of being Swiss	The flag is a big plus.
What's one cracker plus two crackers. [257 Calories](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/	i=What%27s+one+cracker+plus+two+crackers%3F)
What is the difference between a prostitute and a Democrat	A prostitute stops screwing you when you run out of money.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only half the things that come out of her vagina are retarded
What type of bee makes milk instead of honey	Boobees!!!
What do you call a stag with his eyes gouged out no eye deer. What if he's in the path of a car	Still no eye deer What if he's mid coitus too? Still fucking no eye deer
What does it taste like when you eat out an old woman	*shrug* Depends.
What do you call a snail on a ship	A snailor. hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
What do you call a bouncer at a.. What do you call a bouncer at a gay bar	A flame thrower.
What does DNA stand for	National Association for Dyslexics
What is the difference between a blimp and 365 blowjobs	One is a Goodyear, the other is a Great year!
What do you do when an angry pack of clowns confronts you and tries to fight	Go straight for the juggler.
What kind of music does your mailman like	Postrock/Postpunk
What did the blind man say when he sipped a frozen drink and was cured	Icee.
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
What's the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana	Pink Floyd kept going after the wall.
What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common	Neither of them could completely finish a race.
What's the hottest thing in China right now	A Tibetan monk on fire.
What did the rich bearded slave owner say when he was stranded in the Negav desert and saw a mirage of an Arabian lamp and rubbed it	here in my mirage got this jew labor genie here
What did George Washington have to do with Gorillas	As little as possible dummy!
What's the difference between a mosquito and a fly	A mosquito can fly, but a fly can't mosquito.
What do you get with legalized prostitution and a highly competitive marketplace	The best bang for your buck.
What did the monkey say when he was throwing his feces	This shit is bananas!
What is Ronald Reagan's favourite vegetable	James Brady.
What's worse than being raped by your dad's penis	Also being forced to fill his Viagra prescription.
What's the difference between gay men and a refrigerator	Fridges don't fart when you pull the meat out.
What did Cindarella say when she got to the ball	Gluk gluk gluk (say it out loud)
What is the difference between a dead hooker and a brick	I don't have a brick floating in my pool.
What did the Mexican detective say in England	I'm like Sherlock, holmes.
What color is the wind	Son: ""What color is the wind?"" Mom: ""The wind is the wind, it had no color. It's transparent"" Dad: ""The wind is blue"" Mom: ""Blue? How so?"" Dad: ""Because the wind blew
What's black and never works	Decaf coffee
What do you call a US Marine with an IQ of 70	General
What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner	? He breaks his nose.
What is a fat kids' favourite sounding instrument at school	The dinner bell.
What do you call a Mexican walking on the moon	An astronaut you racist..
What do you call a chubby girl who's cranky, has bad breath and doesn't screw	You don't call her.
What do you call an exploding monkey	a BA-BOOM!
What happens when you give a politician Viagra	He gets taller.
What is more inappropriate than a 7 year old saying ""I drink coffee""	Her saying ""I drink it black, like my men
What man can make three meals and snacks out of one fish all day	I call bullshit!
What do you do if you find a trumpet growing in your scottish garden	You root it ooot!
What Did The Muslim Terminator Say	Allah Be Back.
What's the difference between a Unicorn and a cop who treats black people fairly	Nothing; they both don't exist.
Q: What is that insensitive bit at the base of the penis called	A: The man.
What's the difference between a wheat thin and a lesbian	One's a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
What's the first thing the cannibal did after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped.
What's the downside to bigamy	More than one mother-in-law.
What beer goes best with pizza	Pepper-Peroni
Whats the difference between Marmalade and Jam	You cant marmalade your cock up a womans arse...
Whats the worst joke you can play on an American	Two pies to the face and one somewhere in a field in Pennsylvania.
What's the best thing about being a Cubs fan	Not being from Detroit.
What does the Queen put on her toast	Maamilade! Tada....... anyone? Anyone? I'll get my coat
What do the English use to blow up their enemies	Tea N' Tea.
Q: What are two reasons why men don't mind their  own business	1. No mind 2. No business.
What is Michael Jackson's favorite piano chord	A-minor
What did the hippie say when somebody told him to get off of their couch	Namaste.
What do you get a body builder for Christmas	A dictionary, so they get plenty of definition.
What's the most depressed thing in the bathroom	The toilet. It always takes all the shit.
What do you get when you put 28 Alabama Sorority girls in one room	A full set of teeth
What do you get when you add 2 apples to 3 apples	A senior high school math problem.
What would you get if you crossed the Easter  Bunny with an overstressed person	An Easter basket case!
What does Mortal Kombat and a Helsinki church have in common	Finnish hymns
What's the best kind of cream... ...to get rid of spots and bug bites	Creamation.
What do you call a bouncy plane	Boeing Boeing Boeing
What do you call a polar bear who works for Fox News	A bad news bear
What happens when the cows refuse to be milked	Udder chaos!
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with cardboard	Pillow fight
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	A Carrot
What do you call the yellow ones	-Yellow labs. And the black ones? -Black labs. So the brown ones are- -No we named those after dog poison.
Whats the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day anal sex makes your hole weak.
What's a difference between a teacher and a train	The teacher tells you to spit you gum out. The train says, ""Chew, chew, chew!
What do you think goes through a spiders mind when you hit it with a hammer	His ass.
What do you call a fashionable Japanese warrior	Glamurai
What is ye difference between a porcupine and a porsche	The pricks are in the inside of the Porsche.
What is Bill Cosby's favorite ice cream flavor	Rape.
What did Trump say to Obama	Orange is new black [p.s. - not my original, my friend told me this one]
What happened when the Malaysian asked the Russian out on a date	He got shot down.
What two words have thousands of letters in them	Post office.
What kind of joke do you tell to a vegetarian	One they've never herbivore.
What does a triangular acorn say when it grows up	Geometry.
What did Dr. Frankenstein say when his monster showed up for the ball	You look quite put-together this evening.
What is the difference between a dressmaker and a farmer	A dressmaker sews what she gathers a farmer gathers what he sows.
What do you get with a woman majoring in woman's studies	I don't know but she'll never make as much as a man AND SHE KNOWS IT!
What do feminist hate more than men	Sex Offenders
What can a cup of coffee and a cow that's had an abortion have in common	They're both de-calf-inated.
What is Bill Clintons favorite instrument to play	His Whore-Monica
What did the manager say to the comedian who was messing around	Hey, no more funny business!
what do you call a chinese millionaire	Cha-Ching
What's the best thing about alzheimers	You're always meeting new people.
What's the only thing working out at the gym	The business plan.
What happened to the guy that was trimming some bushes and accidentally sliced off his left arm	? Well they say he's ""allRIGHT"" xD
What does an author have after they get abdominal surgery	A semi-colon
What do reddit admins eat	Everything
What do alcoholics and necropheliacs have in common	They both love to crack open a cold one.
What does the right kidney say to the left one when he is mad at the other	Don't make me stone you to death..
What's Forest Gump's password	1forest1
What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom	One snatches your watch the other watches your snatch.
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam	I can't jelly my cock up your ass
What did the Christan principal say when she kicked a student out of school	THE POWER OF CHRIST EXPELS YOU.
What is the difference between SETI and Donald Trump	One has demonstrated the scarcity of intelligent life in the universe, and the other is a scientific study of extra terrestrials.
What'd the homeless guy get for Christmas	Very hungry.
What saying is discouraged in both the USA and North Korea	The South Will Rise Again
What do aliens use to buy their coffee	starbucks
What's the best part about living in Flint, Michigan	Leaded gasoline is pretty cheep!
What is Beethoven doing in his grave	He's de-composing ! Happy Halloween everyone.
What's pink and fluffy	Pink fluff!!!
What is it called when one punches a stripper	A hoedown!
What do you call a cat with an eating disorder	A cat.
What do nazi's use to clean their yard of dog shit	The Turd Rake.
What do I have in common with neutrinos	We're both constantly penetrating your mom
What did they call the man who knew how to read maps	A legend
What did the pair of flip-flops say to the approaching man with disgusting feet	Shoe.
What's the difference between an artist and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call a prostitute that has sex for free	A priest.
What did the male Dragonborn say to the female dragon	GO - VAH - KYUUM!!!
What do you call the higher-ups of the World Health Organisation	The who's-who of WHO!
What's the difference between broccoli and boogers	My son won't eat broccoli.
What do you call an Ape cooking a BBQ	A Gorilla
Whats the difference between a watermelon and baby	One's really fun to smash with a sledge-hammer and the other is just a watermelon
What do the police hate most	Blackmale
What's the world's longest Ted Talk	How I Met Your Mother
What do you call spiders in the Middle East	Iraqnids. Yep. An original.
What must a policeman have before searching a rabbits' home	A search warren!
What's Irish and stays out all year	Patty O'furniture.
What kind of dough do Hobbit bakers use	Frodough.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken... I'll see myself out now..
What do you call a sex toy bought at IKEA	A ""One Night Stand
What did the farmer say when he tried to milk the cow, but nothing came out	Time to try the udder one.
What's the difference between Trump and a Tree	Only one can get stumped...
What happened to the magical tractor	It turned into a field
What do you call a peaceful Bruce Lee	Gent Lee (Gently)
What do you call a lad that put on his glasses	Seymour.
What kind of company is a 24 hours hamburger joint	Fry-by-night!
What's a camel's favourite song	Bat Out of Camell
What's red and smells like blue paint	Red paint. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I need friends.
What receives a man's first blowjob	An NES cartridge.
What do you call a semiaquatic, furry little animal than never amounted to anything in it's life	An *otter* failure (I'll see myself out)
What do SQL programmers do at night	Count star.
What's Han Solo's favorite type of video game	First person shooter.
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What do you call a group of blind German kids	Not-sees
What breaks when you give it to a toddler	Its hips.
What do you call a really bad mind reader	Telepathetic.
What's it called when you hit somebody with sodium chloride	Assalt
What's worse than eating out your grandmother	Banging your head on the coffin lid.
What looks better... than roses your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What does a girl from Arkansas say just before she loses her virginity	Careful, dad, or you'll crush my smokes.
What did the guy say when he finally earned the top spot on the High Scores list at the Masturbate Arcade	I BEAT IT!!!
What was the last thing Daedalus said to Icarus	You've got a lot of potential, son.
What's the difference in a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	You should know, you've only read it twenty times.
What does a barber yell when he plays hide-and-go-seek	Ready or not, hair I comb!
What does a Maple leaf fan do when they win the cup	Turn off their console and go to sleep.
What runs forever and never dies	An argument with a woman! And I'm in one right now.
What do you call a python with a great bedside  manner	A snake charmer.
What's the worst thing about your girlfriend having a miscarriage	Trying to look upset.
What's the average lifespan of an owl	About six and a half books.
What do two Wrights make	A plane
What type of humor did the heart attack survivor like	Offbeat.
What's a Pirates worst nightmare	A sunken chest and no booty
What was the first reference to pole vaulting in the Bible	When Jesus cleared the temple.
What do you call the Israeli martial art	Jewjipsu
What's brown and sticky	My Beyonce calendar.
What does DNA Helicase and a 16 year old boy have in common	the both want to unzip your genes. if you didnt get it: https://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20121209104938AAKihOC
What does a bowling ball and your mom have in common	You can pick them up, stick your fingers in them, and throw them in the gutter, and they'll always come back.
What's the difference between people in Dubai and people in Abu Dhabi	People in Dubai don't watch the Flinstones, but people in Abu Dhabi do.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick. My dad used to tell me this all the time when I was little. Still makes me chuckle to this day.
What do you call a Mexican smoking weed	A baked bean
What did the dog say after a hard day at work	Today sure was ruff"" Read that today on my university's art wall and made me smile a bit , thought i'd share it :P
What have I got in my hands	A double decker bus! You looked!
What do you call cantaloupe flavored gum	A: A Ty-lemma (pronounced like dilemma)
What game do French schoolchildren like to play	Simon 16
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
What do hipster jokes and hipsters have in common	None of them are original.
What does an Apple Watch do when it gets hungry	It goes back four seconds.
Whats the difference between and old computer and a woman	a computer accepts a 3.5 inch floppy
What did the monkey say when he caught his tail in the revolving door	It won't be long now...
What does a stripper and a Subway sandwich maker have in common	They both prefer to be called ""artists"" instead of what they really are.
What does someone with a foot fetish wish for	To meet their solemate.
What do you call someone who drinks too much water	An aquaholic...
What do you call a wolf you cant find	A where wolf.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute	One you pay $500 an hour to screw you. The other one has sex for money.
What service do you get if you sleep in a bakery	Bread and Bakedfast!
What did the mexican get on his SAT's	Taco crumbs
What's the difference between a priest and his dog	One wears pants and a collar while the other wears a collar and pants.
What's the easiest way to get a virus into ISIS computer systems	By sending them executables.
What do you call a Social Justice Warrior in a society of strippers	The thot police! ^^^^PleaseDon'tBeTooHardOnMe.
What is the difference between a Japanese person and a cannibal	One eats Ramen and the other eats raw men.
What happens when clowns get divorced	They end up in a custardy battle.
What do you call an Asian prostitute	Chinese-y
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies	Fire.
What does a paint brush eat for dinner	Bristoles!
What do you call a virgin redneck	A girl that can outrun her brothers.
Q: What's red and sits in the corner	A: A naughty tomato.
What porn do Saudis get away with	Camel toes.
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can't hear an enzyme!
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can't hear an enzyme.
What's the best way for a prostitute to advertise	Word of mouth.
What's the best way to remove a grass stain	Alcohol? I don't see how getting drunk will help, but whatever.
What did David Bowie want for Christmas	Carrie Fisher.
What did the frustrated cannibal do	Threw his hands up
What did the headlines read after the midget fortune-teller escaped from jail	Small medium at large.
What's a monster's favorite bean	A human bean.
What did Ghost A say to Ghost B	Nothing because ghosts don't exist. Edit:Holy crap I just realized I didn't post this on /r/antijokes.
What did Mr. Marijuana say to Mrs. Marijuana when she asked if her dress makes her look fat	I'll be blunt...
What do you call the memory of a camping trip	Past Tents
What do you call a spy who is into BDSM	James Bondage.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A Meowntain
What does the daddy gun have when he becomes a father	A bb gun.
What do you call two Irish gunfighters in a duel	Kenny Killarney and Arny Kilkenny.
What do the letters D.N.A stand for	National Dyslexics Association.
What does Hillary Clinton's presidency and Bill Clinton's presidency have in common	They were both ruined by weiners.
What's the difference between the Canadian-American border and a performance enhancing drug	Niagara Falls, Viagra rises.
What do you call a girl that you meet on Reddit	You don't.
What did the farmer say about his missing vegetables	Lettuce pray they turnip.
Whats the hardest part about cooking vegetable	getting the wheelchair in the oven.
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and dead babies	I didn't lose my virginity in the back of a Lamborghini.
What do you call it when an alcoholic stops drinking	A leave of Absinthe.
Q: What is green and goes a hundred miles per hour	A: A fuel injected pickle.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	I have no ideer.
What do you and a black hole have in common	You're both dense motherfuckers.
what do my ex and my toilet have in common	They both keep bringing up old shit
What did the pirate day on his 80th birthday	Aye Matey!
What do you call it when your Stepmother poops	A Step-Stool
What's the difference between a bird, and a bird with only one wing	It's a matter of [a pinion](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/pinion).
What do you call it when someone shoots a group of fish in a barrel	A school shooting
What's the most eco friendly subreddit	/r/Jokes because over 90% is recycled garbage.
What is the difference between a painting and jesus	A painting only need one nail to hang
What do you call it when you jerk off in the bath	Mastubation
What did Jesus say to the Mexicans	Don't do anything until I get back
What tree gives the best high-fives	A PALM tree!
What do you call a deer with no eyes	(2-part joke) *A no-eye-deer!* What do you call a kitten with no eyes? *Animal abuse.*
Whats the last thing that went through the suicide bombers mind	His ass
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What do you call it when you say ""please"" and ""thank you"" during sex	common Coitusy
What an old women's vagina taste like	Depends
What direction does a Walter White-themed GPS tell you to turn	Goddamn right.
What's the difference between the number 3 and David Cameron	One's a prime number, the other's a prime minister.
What's a crime that doesn't exist now, but might become illegal in 100+ years	Posting this question to r/askreddit.
What does a turkey scream right before you squirt a hot load all over it	Baster! Baster!
What do you call an aardvark that's been thrown out of a pub	A barredvark!
What does cheese say to itself when taking a selfie in the mirror	Hallooooo me!
what kind of knife is used to perform female circumcision	a beaver cleaver
What does your hot mom where under her skirt	A Freudian slip.
What do you call a wanderin' nun	A Roamin' Catholic
What did Thomas Jefferson grow	Old.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotopus
What do you call a boat that gives you nothing but trouble	A woe boat.
What do Bristol Palin and Iraq have in common	It's just so hard to pull out.
What do you call a whale with erectile dysfunction	Mopey Dick.
What's the difference between an Nvidia card and an AMD card	One empties your pocket. The other makes Hot Pockets.
What do you call soap for your ass-hole	Shampooder.
What do you get when a mountain climber crosses a mosquito	You can't cross a scalar and a vector.
What is the difference between a joke and sex	A forced joke can still be somewhat humerous.
What did the jew post to the nazi subreddit	r/roastme
what the cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on his toe	Mitosis
What type of grapes do Indians like	Gangrapes
What's the worst thing about sex	Buffering.
What kind of cancer always stands by the government	Pro-state cancer.
What's a hairdressers's favourite Christmas song	'Oh comb all ye faithful'
What do you call 4 lepers in a jacuzzi	Stew
What do you call a prisoner who's psychic,has dwarfism and escaped the prison	A small medium at large!
What's Dracula's car called	A mobile blood unit.
What do you call somebody with no body and no nose	Nobody knows!
What kind of speech did the farmer give his cornfield	It didn't matter, they were all ears
What class does everyone remember fondly from Highschool	Nostalgebra
what do you call a fraction where the numerator is bigger than the denominator	(dirty joke) missionary position.
What do you call Chinese soup made by a Mexican	Juan-ton soup
Q: What is the definition of an optimist	A: An accordion player with a pager.
What did justin beiber say to his mom	I FOUND MY MICROSCOPE, now all I need is my lotion and tweezers
Q: What do you call Italian women in a sauna	A: Gorillas In The Mist!
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you	..............you pull the pin and throw it back!
What did Dracula say to the teacher	See you next period.
What did a police officer write in the criminal report, when they found a homey from the bottom of a lake, wrapped in 200 kg's of metal chains	-Offender stole more than he could carry by swimming
What will it take to reunite Nirvana	Two more bullets.
What did Tennessee	The same thing Arkensaw.
What did the mathematician do at the baseball game	4 the home team
What did the lazy surgeon say to his patient	Suture self!
What's the difference between a hooker and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it!
What did Buddy Fletcher, accused ponzi scheme runner and husband of reddit's CEO, say to the duck	[deleted]
What is Popeye's favorite Led Zeppelin song	Olive My Love
what do you call a dog who sits on a bench and reads his newspaper	a human-dog xDDD
Whats the difference between your mom and your dad	Your dad didnt cry when I fucked him in the ass.
What do you call a confused Chinese guy	Wong Wei
What do you call a party with 7 girls &amp; 70 midgets	10 books of Snow Whites
What's the big deal about jesus turning water into wine	I turned MY student loans into vodka...
What do you call a mythical milkshake	Legendairy (credits to my friend Edward Feng for this really dumb pun)
What did the lipstick and the eye-shadow do after they got into a fight	Had makeup sex
What is a man's ultimate shame	When he runs into a wall with a hard-on and grabs his nose first!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Nothing. She just gagged a little.
What is the fear of prostitutes called	Ho-bia
What do you call a guy from China who is confused	Disoriented.
What do you call an accurate dog	Spot-on.
What do you call a vegetable/fruit that dies for it's religion	A Tomartyr
What's the difference between a woman and a toilet	The toilet doesn't insist on cuddling after you drop your load in it.
What do you call the ultimate fish doctor	The Sturgeon General
What did the sign say on the abandoned nuclear reactor	Gone fission
What kind of clothes do lawyers wear	Lawsuits.
What do Japanese people call.. -What do Japanese people call their japs eye	-My eye
What does Batman say when he goes down on a woman	To the bat cave!
What did the teen say when she found out she was pregnant	My mom is gonna kill me!"" What did the fetus say when the teen found out she was pregnant? "" My mom is gonna kill me!
What did the string say when the rope proposed marriage	Let's knot.
What is the difference between a guitar player and government bonds	Government bonds mature over time and earn money
What did Caesar say to Cleopatra	Toga-ether we can rule the world !
What did the worker ant say when the queen ant asked him to make mittens for all of the other ants	*Fuck.*
What's a Judge's favorite drink	Guil-tea!
What did the chicken say to the duck who was about to cross the road	Don't do it, man, you'll never hear the end of it!
What's all this talk about Reddit's servers being down	Guess I can't see what everyone else sees.
What form of radiation bakes you cookies	A gramma ray
What do you get when you cross an attention whore with an attention horse	The centaur of attention.
What's the worst part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew	A boy scout comes home from camp.
What's Forrest Gump's password	1Forrest1
What is iron man without his suit	Stark naked.
What did the conspiracy theorist use as his breakup line	Baby, I'm sorry, but I can't be with someone who's as real as the Moon landing...
What did the beaver say to the tree	[It's been nice 'gnawing' you!](#s)
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have it as a child, you'll probably hate it as an adult
What do you call a gay piece of bread	A faguette
What does a North Korean ricochet sound like	PYONG! YANG!
What do you call gingers in Auschwitz	Concentrated Orange Jews
What is a religious gorilla called	A monk-ey
What is the Sun's favorite candy	Starburst! Another one from my 9 year old. I don't know where he gets it.
What's Medusa's favorite kind of cheese	Gorgonzola.
What is a 6.9	A great thing, ruined by a period
What did Eminem learn to defend himself	Marshall arts.
What do you call a beloved terrorist	Guantanamo Bae
What do you call a Native American with psoriasis	Apache Indian
What do sex and The Big Issue have in common	(Original Joke) I buy them exclusively from homeless people
What do you call a fear of chainsaws	Logic.
What is the stupidest animal in the jungle	The Polar Bear.
Q: What's Osama Bin Laden going to be for  Halloween	A: Dead.
What does Captain Falcon drink in Hawaii	PUNCH!
What will be the campaign motto of Trump's opponent in 2020	Make America Great Again
What do Canadian squirrels eat	Eh-corns.
What do you call a place where they don't allow sleeveless shirts	A gun free zone
What's white and kills you if it gets in your eye	an aeroplane
What's a baker's favorite part of Manhattan	The Lower Yeast Side.
What did the Magician say when he took some Adderall	Hocus Focus
What do 6.28 people eat	2
What kind of smartphone would Harambe have	The brand doesn't matter as long as it has gorilla glass.
What's another name for black pitbull	Flo Rida
whats the difference between a jew and a pizza	pizzas dont scream when they get put in the oven.
What do you call something that you do to your self with one hand	A Selfie!
What do Trump and his supporters NOT have in common	His supporters have a blind trust.
What if Lady Gaga was half Irish, half Japanese	Rady O'Gaga
What is a terrorists favorite snack	An Allah Ak-bar
What do you call two Mexicans playing soccer	Juan on Juan.
What do you get when you feed an Eevee a sandwich	A Luncheon!
Q: Whats the difference between erotic and kinky	A: Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use the whole chicken.
What do u give a woman who has everything	Penacilin
What was Jesus' reaction to being crucified	He was cross.
What do lesbian couples do once a month	Finger paint.
What did the type setter sing while he worked	I shot the seriff, but I did not shoot the deputy!
What do you call fat people eating McDonalds	Cannibalism
What's the difference between the IRS and a baby	It takes a lot more than a hammer to make the IRS shut up.
What does Eric Clapton and a cup of coffee have in common	They both suck without Cream.
What did Hitler say to the Chinese food delivery guy that stole his Chinese food	MEIN LOMEIN!
What do cannibal say when they say grace	''We thank youLord for our daily dead!''
What do you call a caffeinated beverage that lasts forever	Infini-tea.
What's a bear's favorite kind of treasure	Bearied.
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful	One's against the law and the other is a sick bird.
What do you call an atheist in a six foot pine box	All dressed up, with no place to go.
What runs all day but never gets tired	Water.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalottapus
What did the statue say to the chair	Chair? Statue?! :D
What do you do when you see someone having a seizure in a bathtub	Throw in a load of dirty laundry and some detergent.
What's 16 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Obama's Tie.
What happens when you play a country song backwards	You get your truck back, you get your house back, you get your girl back, and you get your dog back.
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore	A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
What did the mortician say to his new necrophiliac employee	Don't worry, you'll fit right in.
What did Batman say to Robin before getting into the batmobile	Get in the batmobile
What do do you call a Mexican rolling in the sand	A churro.
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over	Doughnuts. Credit to the man who came through my check lane at work.
what's the difference between Madeleine McCann and Jesus	Jesus died a virgin.
What is the opposite of progress	Congress
What's the difference between a garden hose and a the male prostate	Well, there is a vas deferens.
What does the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant dead ant dead annnnnntttttttt Courtesy of my little cousin.
Q: What do you do with percussionists that lose one of their drumsticks	A: Stick them up front of the group and tell them to wave their arms!
What did the 11 year old junior paleontologist and 50-cent music lover with cancer receive from the one wish foundation	A Rap Tour
What did the blonde's right leg say to her left leg	Nothing. They haven't met yet.
What country has the most people	Brazil... They've got Brazillions
What is a government mandate	When Obama and Biden go out to dinner together.
What does a vampire on a diet drink	Blood Lite Thanks Jim Butcher...
What's a moo hoo for a tug-of-war between two  longhorns	A bull pull!
What do Russian women get from their husbands that's long and hard on their wedding night	His last name.
What happens when a carpenter drinks with his wife	He gets hammered and she gets nailed.
What's does America and programming have in common	When you fix one problem, 38 more problems pop up.
What do you call a sink that doesn't work	A faux-cet.
What did the black kid get for Christmas	My bike
What did M. Night Shyamalan say about a duck's penis	What a twist.
What has two holes and smells a lot	Your nose
What did the figurine say when the boot flew past her protective dome	That was a cloche call!
What is Buddhism measured in	Oooohms
What did the pony say when it had a sore throat	Sorry I'm a little horse!
What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women	... Snow-balls.
What book does ISIS use to enhance their sex life	Camel Sutra
What do you call a scientist that measures things in space	A cosmetrologist.
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry	Never lick the spoon.
What Happens When You Put 1 Dollar On A Barbeque	Dolla Grills, Yo
What do women and KFC have in common	After your finished with the breasts and thighs all you have is a greasy box to throw your bone in.
What do Americans call the summer holidays	Ceasefire
What is the difference between a baby and a mars bar	About 500 calories.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowlady	Snowballs!
What do you call an upside down blonde	A brunette with bad breath
What's ET short for	Because he's got little legs.
What does a twelve-pound mouse say to a cat	'Here Kitty kitty kitty' !
What does a pregnant teen and her baby have in common	They both thought ""my mom's gonna kill me.
What do you call a reptile that can't grow its tail back	(_) ( _)&gt;- (_) A Reptile Dysfunction.
What did the black eyed peas say when they left the dentist	I got a filling, woo-hoo!
What does a pizza boy and a gynecologist have in common	They both can smell it, but not eat it. Yes I know it's a repost. What did you expect, a new original joke every time? Now that's a joke.
What did my wife say after I finally got around to trimming my pubic hair	Wow, that's pretty nuts.
What did the cop say to Boris Yosanavich after pulling him over for speeding	Quit Russian.
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian	Jah Bless
What do you say when you cross a donkey and a deer	Dat ass doe
What sound do you hear when you drop a bomb on a cow	Cowboom!
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church	Christian Bale.
What did Donald Trump say to his wife Melania in the voting booth	Don't copy Michelle on this one.
What does Fabrizio like to put on his sandwiches	Mustardo!
What's an alcoholic's favorite type of soap	Bar soap.
What kind of murderer has moral fiber	A cereal killer
What do the Chinese call their spies	Secret Asians.
What did the prostitute say to the leper	Thanks for the tip.
What's Bill Cosby's favourite dessert	Puddin. Puddin his dick inside her
What's the difference between fishing and dating	In one you don't want to jerk the hook, but in the other you don't want to hook the jerk.
What do snowmen eat for lunch	Icebergers !
What does a black lawyer deliver in court	Nigga' pleas
What do you call a nursing bear	A titty bear.
What evil do the USA and Darth Vader have in common	Using imperial units.
What was the pornstar doing in school	Analogy
What do you call a pool full of details	The specific ocean.
What do elephants use for tampons	Sheep.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken.
What did the cannibal get when he arrived late for dinner	The cold shoulder!
What does a Chinese gay man have for dinner	Goo of Sum Yung Gai
What does a man keep in his pants that often pokes the hole it's poked before	His keys, you filthy-minded bastard.
What do hamburger workers say on Monday morning	Well it's back to the old grind!
What do you get if you genetically crossed a rabbit and an oyster	A Nobel Prize
What do you use to clear the air of stupid	A HERPA filter
What's the best way to get a Jewish girls number	Roll up her sleeve.
What do you call a Mexican who has his Mondeo stolen	Carlos
What is worse than a whale with a sore tooth	Going to kiss your grandmother goodnight and she slips you the tongue.
What's the difference.... Between eating pussy and driving in the fog	When you're driving in the fog you can't see the asshole in front of you
What did the number 0 say to the number 8	Nice belt. :)
What do you call a guy who likes to lose	Ewan
What's the difference between a pre-pickled pickle and an ice tray full of semen	One of them is a cucumber and the other is a cumcuber.
What's the definition of endless love	Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis
What did Snape say at Alan Rickmans funeral	Nothing.
What could possibly make moviegoers forget about Will Smith's movie After Earth	A Concussion.
What do you call a flea on the moon	A lunartick.
What's the difference between pedophile and acne	Acne waits till puberty to come all over the kids face
What is a knight's favourite fish	A swordfish!
What's black on the outside but yellow on the inside	Ninja chicken.
What do you call the musical Messiah	Gsus
What kind of dogs are full of Chinese scientists	Yellow labs
What's the difference between a motivational speaker and a baseball player	The baseball player has all of its limbs.
What do The Walking Dead and the Fast and Furious series have in common	They both have dead walkers.
What do you call a quantum physicist's hair style	Schrodinger's cut
What do you call a horny herbaceous bread mixture	Dill dough
What does a Necrophiliac get at funerals	Mourning Wood
What is an Iraqi children on a playground doing	He's distracting the sniper. Didn't want to offend.
what's the difference between light and hard	You can Sleep with a light on
What's the Wifi password in a mosque	AllahIsTheOne2345
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's fingers!
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's fingers.
What's the difference between Turkey and Duck	Duck doesn't deny the Armenian Genocide.
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over	Doughnuts!
What is the last thing to go through a sea gull's mind when it gets hit by a jumbo jet	It's ass.
What do you call a bowl on the internet	Ebola
What do you call a bird that's afraid of heights	A chicken
What kind of headphones did Chris Brown get Rihanna for her birthday	Beats
What does a redneck divorce and a burning meth lab have in common	Someone's losing a trailer.
What is a pirates favorite letter	You may think it's R but it actually be the mighty C
What do you call a girl gamer that always pirates her games	? A crack whore.
What do you call a group of men in a flying car having unsatisfying sexual intercourse with a single woman because they feel sorry for her	A shitty pity gangbang.
What is the difference between a bachelorette party and Cirque du Soleil	One is a group of cunning stunts.
What does a virgin woman and a shotgun have In common	One cock and they're ready to burst. EDIT: grammar, thanks /u/J7T12
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking's after a house fire
What did the spice say when it was reaching climax	I'm Cumin!
What's the difference between a carpenter and a construction worker	30 IQ points. This, as any carpenter will tell you, isn't a joke.
What did the birthday balloon say to the pin	Hi Buster.
What do baby parabola drink	Their Quadratic Formula!
What does batman call his dick	Robin/Nightwing - depends how big it is
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift.
What do you with a dying chemist	Well, if you can't helium and you can't curium, all you can do is barium!
What did the Hispanic firefighter name his kids	Jose and Hose-B
What did the doctor say to the man wearing cling-film	I can clearly see you're nuts
What did the judge say when the defendant cause a ruckus in vegetable court	Bay leaf get him out if here!
What do David Carradine and the Mets have in common	They both choke when it really matters.
What did the right ball say to the left ball	Dont talk to the guy in the middle he's a dick
What did one math book say to the other math book	You've got problems.
What's one of the worst things you can come across when surfing the web	Your keyboard
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13
what did the grape say when it got stepped on	nothing, it just let out a little whine
What's the difference between a musician and a suicide bomber	A musician wears his heart on his sleeve. A suicide bomber wears his spleen on your shoes.
What do hippies call there sex life before they get married	Prius
What do you call a gay Mexican	a spigot.
What is blue and smells like red paint	Blue paint.
What do you call a guy that hangs around with musicians	A drummer.
What did the otter say to the guy whose ankle he pooped on	Spraint your ankle!"" Just in case: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spraint
What do you call a blonde with brown hair	artificial intelligence
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs inside a volcano	Anakin Skywalker. (Happy Geek Pride Day!)
What will Putin have for thanksgiving dinner	Turkey
What do you get when you push a piano down a mining shaft	A flat minor.
What do you call a Mexican lady with no legs	Cunt-sway-low
Q: What do they use frozen band-aids for	A: Cold cuts.
What does a vegetarian hunter say before dinner	Lettuce prey
What is it called when a guy called Justin gets justice	Justinice.
What mom loves... Son: Mom, why is my cousin's name rose	Mom: Well son, your aunt really loves flowers! Son: Mom, what do you love? Mom: Richard, stop asking so many questions!
What does a Greek say when he receives his salary	Danke schon.
What does a white trash girl say after sex	Get off me, Dad. You're squishing my smokes.
What do you call it when you go down on a paraplegic	Meals on wheels
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your mouth!
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	A gun only has one trigger
What's worse than peaking in high school	Climaxing to middle schoolers.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	The picture only takes one nail
What does the digital clock say to the grandfather clock	Look Grandpa, no hands!
What fried food will shut your neighbor's dogs up	Hushpuppies.
What kind of type face does a pachyderm use	ele-font
What do you call the removal of a fence	Defence
What kind of bee's make milk	BOObees!
What kind of sex does a priest have	Nun.
What do you get when you combine Helium, Yttrium, Selenium, and Xenon	**HeYSeXe**
What's red and white and red, red and white and red and white	Santa Claus rolling down a roof!
What did the man say to the Formula 1 driver who nearly rear-ended him	Thanks Verstappen.
What do you do when two snails have a  fight	Leave them to slug it out.
What happened to the Guns 'n Roses tour bus when it got a flat tire and had to be jacked up	Its axle rose.
What was the blond doing in the middle of the sea	Bouncing on a buoy (boy)
[NSFW] What's the worst thing about...	....getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic? Having to go in to ask for a coat hanger. *Yet another Australian pub joke*
What is the Rebel Alliance' least favorite month	The Imperial March.
What do you call the people who make sandwiches at Subway	Sub humans.
What's Jared Fogle's favorite time of day	When the big hand touches the little one
What kind of dog can do magic tricks	A labracadabrador.
What do you call a woman who has lost 95% of her intelligence	Divorced.
What does the husband say to his wife whose nose is bleeding	Nothing, he already said it twice.
What was the Mexican killers name	Tequila
What do you call the largest angle	A Kurt Angle.
What's better than eating a mandarin	Eating a manda-out.
What does relative humidity mean to a redneck	The sweat that forms on your nuts when you're banging your sister.
What's the difference between batman and a black man	Batman can go out without robbin
What do you get when you cross an atheist and a christian	An argument
What do you call unreasonably strand fat people with authority	Fatscists.
What is the official fruit of gays in Texas	Canteloupe
What's the difference between a hunter and a  fisherman	A hunter lies in wait. A fisherman waits and lies.
What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement	Firetruck
What did the 8 say to the 0	Hey, fatty
What's the difference between radical feminists and a Valentine's Day mascot's tricks	One's Cupid stunts...
what do you call someone with unreasonable hearing	ear-rational
What do you call a nosy pooper	An eavesdropper!
What did the egg say to the boiling water	Sorry I can't get hard right now. I just got laid.
What did the spud lover do before it went to bed	It set its alarm for eight -- so it would get a potato clock.
What's better than winning the Special Olympics	Not being special.
What's the smartest piece of lab equipment	A graduated cylinder.
What is the difference between ""ooooooh""and ""aaaaaaah""	About three inches.
What do most people wear to court	Law-suits
What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice-cream	Sure, Bert!
What's three times worse than OCD	OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait the last time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait, the second time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait...
What would George Washington do if he were alive today	Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin
What do you call a cow with no hind legs	an utter drag
What does a fat person and hitler have in common	Neither of them can finish a race
What's the difference between a dead baby and a Porsche	I don't have a Porsche sitting in my garage
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two.
What do you call a man in the ocean with no arms or legs	Bob.
What is big and hard when you put it in your mouth and small and soft when you take it out	A chewing gum you pervert
What is the worst part about being a black jew	Having to sit in the back of the oven.
What's the difference between a doctor and a chair salesman	The chair salesman gives YOU a stool sample.
What do you call a black person on the moon	An astronaut
What do pancakes and kids have in common	The first one usually gets screwed up.
What's the difference between falling from the 1st and 10th floor	Falling from the 1st floor: SPLAT! HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Falling from the 10th floor: HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! SPLAT!
What do you say when someone dies while getting an erection	He came and went at the same time.
What do Jews in Nazi Germany and children at Penn State have in common	They're both afraid of showers
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip
What happens when you smoke pot in Saudi Arabia	You get stoned.
What is Mary short for	She ain't got no legs!
What do you call an Asian guy that always shows up before he needs to	Earl Lee
What are the sickest rock layers	The ones with diabases.
What do you call a dog that wisely saves money for retirement	A 401(K-9).
What do you call a quadriplegic laying on the floor	Matt.
What's the difference between a gay man's moustache and a straight man's moustache	The smell.
What do you call Bruno Mars	Michael Jackson the third.
What do you call a cow with no legs	....ground beef... tehe..
What do you call a Vulcan philosopher who only responds in questions	Spocrates.
What did one eyeball say to the other	Between you and me, something smells.
What do you get when yo cross sheep DNA with human DNA	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What's the biggest lie of the election	Voting machines aren't hackable.
What do you call a fast, Spanish paedophile	Rapedo
What's Irish and stays out on your deck	Paddy O'furniture
What's the most difficult thing about roller-blading	Telling your parents that you are a faggot!
What did one depressed saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support before people think we're nuts!
What do you get if you cross a dog and a  cheetah	A dog that chases cars - and catches them !
What are the three kinds of women's cancer	1. Breast Cancer 2. Ovarian Cancer 3. Feminism
What do you call a phobia of chainsaws	Common sense
What do pancakes do when they are scared	They crepe themselves ;D
What do you get if you cross Oddjob with Blofeld	Oddfeld...
What's a neckbeard's favorite pokemon	M'champ
What's the difference between a mixologist and a bartender	About ten minutes.
What do you call a vampire after it is one-year-old	A two-year-old vampire.
What kind of jeans do Mario and Luigi wear	Denim denim denim!
Q: What did the cook say to the dough	A: I ""NEED"" you!
What kind of bread do pig ladles make in the  Yukon	Sow-r dough bread.
Whats the difference between reddit and 9gag	3 hours, but it takes 1 day for it to get to Hot
What's the difference between a sliced up body and a new BMW	... I don't have a new BMW in my garage.
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer	Ash.
What did the vegetables say at the garden party	Lettuce turnip the beet
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down, and possibly use a lubricant
What does Miley Cyrus eat for Thanksgiving	Twerky I'll show myself out.
What did the fish say when he hit concrete	Dam(n).
What's USSR favourite Pink Floyd's Album	The Wall. pls don't pitchfork me
What can't teenage girls do	Even
What do Brazilian cats speak	Purr-tuguese
What time are most dental appointments scheduled for	Tooth hurty.
What's the German guy say when you kick him in teh crotch	Oof, weinerpain!
What do you call it when two Mexicans are playing basketball	Juan on Juan.
What's the best kind of bee	Boo-bees
What's the first thing you do when attacked by a gang of clowns	Go straight for the juggler.
What do you call a fat computer	A Dell. -- Credit where credits due. Got this off of some dude's donation on Summ1t's twitch stream:P
What's a Neckbeards' favourite colour	M'genta
What did the physicist say to the man about to jump off a building	Don't do it! You have so much potential!
What do robots do on a one night stand	He nuts and bolts
Whats a sugar free drink's favorite abbreviation	0mg
What was Hitler's problem when the lights went out	He could Nazi. Edit: Fuck me, Reddit. I heard you *liked* puns...
What's the worst place to run in to your ex girlfriend	Auschwitz
What do you call a tuber that buys his girlfriend chocolates	A sweet potato.
What's grey and comes in pints	An elephant.
What's the difference between a Zippo and a Hippo	One is heavy, and one is a little lighter
What do you call a black person that cant sing	A rapper
What is both a short shopping list, and a potential Chinese luxury automobile	* Rolls * Rice
What did ataturk's Father Say to him when he did well	Adda-Turk
What's Sarah Jessica Parker's favorite dance move	The Neigh Neigh.
What did Hitler say to his men before they got in the tank	Men, get in the tank.
What did the U.S. airdrop to the children of Afghanistan	Bombs
What do you call a cow with only legs on one side	Lean Beef.
What's a tree's favourite composer called	Bach
What's an Afrikaner's favorite game	Apartheid-and-go-seek.
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur	A lickalotapuss What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasaurass
What kind of bees produce milk	Boo-bees
Q: What happens when a T-Rex bites you	A: You get a dino-sore.
What do you say to a cat eating your poop	Scat Cat! (credit goes to RuPaul)
What's a loli's favourite car	A Niisan.
what did the sea say to the sand	Nothing it just waved
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable	Barackoli
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of a Planned Parenthood	Going inside to ask for a coat hanger.
What do you call cheese that is not your own	Nacho cheese
What kind of drugs to tumblr users take	Anti-oppressants.
What diapers should you put on a dead baby	Pamperspired.
What type of cheese lives under your bed	Muenster.
What did one tectonic plate say to the other after the earthquake	That was your fault!!!!
What does a black and white bear use to cook it's dinner	A pan, duh!
What do you call shit that comes out with a fart	An Unexpecturd.
WHAT IS SEX	HUSBAND: A minute of PLEASURE, then years of PRESSURE! WIFE: Moments of ECSTASY, followed by decades of SLAVERY! MISTRESS: Just stolen TIME, but never MINE! HOOKER: NEXT!
Q: What is the lightest thing in the world	A: A penis because just a thought can lift it.
What's long and black and dangerous to cut into	The KFC Drive-thru line.
What did the dog say when he sat on sand paper	Ruff
What do you call a zoo with only one dog in it	A shitzoo.
What's the famous Confederacy battle cry	We Surrender!
what do you call a communist in a hurry	A soviet rushin! (wackady shmackady doo)
What kind of footwear do Whitewalkers use	The Hodor-eliminating kind.
What do you call a porn with two couples	A pair-a-mount picture.
What did the monster say to his psychiatrist	'I feel abominable.'
What monsters are all the tools in the toolbox afraid of	Vampliers
What do all battered women have in common	(In a frustrated voice) They just don't listen.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid.
What do you call a banker's disgusting fetish	His gross interest.
What is loud and sounds like an apple	**AN APPLE!**
What do you call a deep thinking pastry chef	A filosopher.
What do you call an unconscious foot	Coma-toes! (I made up this joke when I was 10.)
What's a hippy mothers least favorite sport	Formula one!
Q: What happened to the Irishman who tried to kill himself by .swallowing 100 pain killers	A: After two he began to feel better.
What do you get when cross-eyed and looking at a solar eclipse	A solar ellipses...
What's the difference between the 2016 Rio Olympics and the 2016 US presedential race	The Olympic competitors are qualified.
What's the difference between a crocodile and a toothbrush	You can't brush your teeth with a crocodile.
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit	BANANANAAAAAAA
what did the ocean say to the other ocean	nothing they just waved.
What do you call a Wolfman who barks at a half moon	UnawareWolf
What kind of car does Jesus drive	A Christler. Oh no. Wait.. He drove a Honda. But he didn't like talking about it. John 12:49 : &gt; For I did not speak of my own Accord.
What is the tallest building in the entire world Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world	A: The library, because it has so many stories.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef
What do u call a mexican in the back of a cop car	Pork and beans
What did the nurse who knocked on the pregnant lady's door say	Womb Service!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*Gag*
What do you get when you cross a Chicken with Peanut Butter	A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth
What is the best city to stream a movie	Buffa lo
What is the worst part about the Orlando massacre	Finding out that your son was gay.
What do you call a pretend railway	A play station !
What do the Patriots and Measles have in common	They both got to go to Disneyland, because some idiot decided to pass on something.
What's the difference between my meat and my wife	Nothing. I beat both.
What happened to the indian who drank too much tea	He drowned in his tea-pee.
What's the difference between an Irish guy dying in a play, and you getting laid	One's a tragic Mick...
What do you do when you see a spaceman	You park your car, man.
What did Barack say to Michele when he asked her to marry him	I don't wanna be Obama self.
What do you call someone who is racist against Asians	Riceist.
What's the best part of a boxer's joke	The punch line Found in BL magazine
What food should you avoid if you don't want to go to court	Sue-shi! I'll excuse myself.
What do you call a child with no friends	A target
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable	the wheelchair
What do you call over the counter Viagra	Mycoxafloppin
what's the most common allergy among gay men	Heeeeeeyyyy fever.
What's the best way to get a hold of Vin Diesel	IM Groot. : D Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvlj1u9S258
What do you call a Redneck Baker	Inbread
What is Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's favorite facebook game	Candy Kush.
What do you call an expensive circumcision	A rip off
What is the world coming too	Porn.
What do you call a black abortion clinic	Crimestoppers.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call him, he won't be able to come to you.
What gets louder as its gets smaller	A baby in a trash compactor.
What is the difference between a Cat fish and a lawyer	One is a shit eating bottom sucker. The other one is a fish...
What did one eye say to the other	Between you and me, something smells.
What did the HTML coding dog say	Href Href!
What do you do to an Islamic dog that barks too much	Musl'im
What will happen if you went inside a black hole	I don't know either. It must be out-of-this-world.
What happened to the man who died from drinking Shellac	He had a *lovely finish*.
What do you call a black man that flies an airplane	A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a fake pasta	An impasta.
Whats a statisticians favourite S Club 7 song	Reach For The **Stats**.
What did the Japanese stoner say	Toke yo
What do you call an abortion in the world of Mortal Kombat	A Fetality.
What's red and has seven dents in it	Snow whites cherry.
Q: What's the Internet's favorite animal	A: The lynx.
What do you do if you accidentally cut off your cat's tail	Take him to WalMart. They are the largest retailer in the world.
What was Hitler's favourite air vehicle	heilcopter
What's Green and has 5 Wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels! Shnockers
What's Hitler's favorite aquatic animal	A dolphin
Whats Wolverine's favorite genre of music	Metal.
What did Sweet Potato Yahweh say	I yam that I yam.
What do you get if you cross a Mexican with an Irishman	A redhead who can tan.
What's the difference between a rectal and an oral thermometer	The taste.
What's scary, yellow, almost no eyes, has TONS of hair, and is constantly threatening to kill me if I don't suck it's dick	My Korean girlfriend.
What do you call a one-eyed deer	I have no eye deer...
[NSFW] What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing. They were both stuck up cunts
What is a cat's favorite tropical destination	Meowi
What is Shaun Morgan's favorite food	Seether salad
What did the fry cook do when he found out he was cooking burger patties made of feces	He flipped a shit.
What did Lewis and Clark only have one sack of on their expedition	Jawea
What do you call a bunch of Mexican Stoners	Baked Beans.
What do you call a Mexican knight	The Chosen Juan.
What's the difference between America and yoghurt	If you leave yoghurt alone for 200 years it develops a culture.
What do kids eat for breakfast	Yogoat!
What is the difference between Trump supporters and everyone else	Trump supporters vote
What is a ghost-proof bicycle	One with no spooks in it.
What do you call something that's impossible due to physics	Physics-ly impossible. There's your dad joke for the day.
What is big, yellow and eats rocks	A BIG YELLOW ROCK-EATER!!
What did the necktie say to the hat	I'll hang around here, you go on ahead.
What do cutters and heroin addicts have in common	Long sleeves.
What do you do if a bird shits on your windscreen	Don't take her out again.
What do Barack Obama and Tiger Woods have in common	They're both trying to screw everybody.
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination	HAND EYEEEEE..........
What's the difference between a dilapidated, run down bus stop and a big breasted lobster	One's a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.
What do you call Murayan Sukumaran's new wife	A necrophiliac.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower	Shakespeare
What's the toughest type of pie	Punkin pie
What was the shy rock's wish	To be a little boulder!
What did the sheep say to the sheepdog faking deafness	You herd me!
Whats a potheads favorite vehicle	The cannaBUS.
What was Viktor Frankenstein's favorite sport	Body building.
What do you call a skinhead underwater	An oister
What kind of fence goes on strike	A picket fence.
Whats the longest running Canadian joke	Terry Fox
What do you call Sting 5 minutes ago	Stung.
What do you call someone obsessed with Japanese food	a weeafood
What's the difference between an archeologist and an ex girlfriend	The ancient stuff the archeologist digs up is useful.
What is the difference between period blood and sand	You can't gargle sand!
What is the only English word a French-Canadian knows	Sorry.
What do you call iron man and silver surfer when they work together	Alloys.
What do you get when you cross Johnny Depp with Nicolas Cage	Johnny Cage
What is Justin Beiber's favourite Hozier song	Take me to Christian Bell.
What is the best vegetable delivery vehicle in the world	An ambulance
What's green then turns red really quickly	A frog in a blender
What does a guy with a big penis have for breakfast	Well, I had eggs for breakfast.
What are you going to be when you get out of school	An old man!
What is the wettest animal in the world	A Rain Deer.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horses ass	Mechanic.
What did one skunk say to  another	And so do you!
What do you call a one legged woman	Eileen
What's the opposite of an antijoke	An unclejoke
Whats the difference between Sarah Palins mouth and her vagina	Only one retarded thing has come out of her vagina
What's the similarity between Hellen Keller and a sad pirate	Neither of them got to sea!
What's the best part about living in Switzerland	I don't know, but the flag is a big plus
What do you call a Hindu lizard	A karma chameleon
What do you call two banana peels	A pair of slippers! :D
What's the key to a great Thanksgiving	Turkey
What's the difference between a garbanzo pea and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo pea on my face.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr Dre...
What do Hutts use to program computers	JabbaScript
What do you call a sick russian	A sicka blyat
What do homeless people get for Christmas	Hypothermia.
[NSFW] What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Gagged
What do we want	ROCK HARD ABS! When do we want them? THE DAY AFTER THE HOLIDAYS ARE OVER!
What do you call a beach with crooked waves	[OC] A Scoli-ocean! (Came up with that recently, hope it tickles your funny bone)
What have men and spray paint in common	One squeeze and they're all over you.
What does a cab driver have in common with a pool cue ball	The harder you hit them, the more english you get out.
What dance moves do physicists do	the torque
What do you call two ordinary ghosts	Paranormals.
What's Captain America's shield made out of	What's Captain America's shield made of? Vibranium. What's Hawkeye's shield made of? Quicksilver.
What sound was made when a water truck collided with a vinegar truck	DOUCHE!!!
What's a depressed teenagers favorite activity	Making their wrist look like their jeans. (I'm sorry)
What do you call a stoner when horny	A weed wacker! - Now please post weed related jokes
What is Donald trumps favorite street	Wall Street *badum tshhh*
What's scarier than Donald Trump becoming president	Bernie Sanders becoming president.
What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley	The location of the dirtbag.
What are stories about oranges	Pulp Fiction
What did one cracker say to the other	Let's conquer the Americas, Africa, Australia, and Asia.
What's the difference between Mormons and non Mormons	The temperature of their caffeine
What is the difference between a philanthropist and Nicki Minaj	A philanthropist likes to impress people with his larg**esse**! :-P
What did the mountain say to the desert	you're hot
What kind of Pop do you cook with	Baking Soda
What part of Canada do the Inuit control	Nunavut.
What are the magic words for making a spoiled asparagus edible	Impairagus Repairagus
What kind of shoes does Voldemort wear	Hor-crocs.
What do you do when you see a spaceman	You park, man!
What Did The Hard Drive Get When It Wanted Data But Didn't Have The Resources	A Cache-Advance
What's the difference between a millennial and a mutual fund	A mutual fund will eventually mature and make money
What is the computer's favorite food	Microchips.
What's the difference between girls of our generation and peanut butter	One spreads easily and the other is peanut butter
What do you call it when you stick a dried grape to the ceiling	Raisin the roof!
What do bees do if they want to use public  transport	Wait at a buzz stop !
What is taller when it sits down than when it stands up	A dog.
What has four legs a tail  whiskers and flies	A dead cat.
What do you call a Japanese Halloween Cake	Bookkake
What is the difference between sack of dead babys and ferrari	I don't have Ferrari in my garage.
What's black and brown and looks good on a lawyer	A Doberman.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a toddler	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.
What song does a dwarf pimp sing	high ho's, high ho's, it's off to work I go
What is green and smells like pork	Kermit The Frog's finger.
What did Hillary Clinton say when they took down her private email server	R.I.P. My Inbox
What did the Imam say after he was replaced by immigrants	They took my hijab!
What spell does a Hogwarts student use when they pregnant	fetus deletus!
What are the two biggest lies a man will ever tell	1. The check is in the mail 2. I promise I won't cum in your mouth.
What did the double dick guy say when the tailor asked him if he dresses right or left	Yes.
What do you call a German with a bad attitude	Sauerkraut.
What's a KKK member's favorite car	A crossfire.
What do you call the unjust murder of someone	Out of the Blue.
What do cats eat on a hot summer day	Micecream!
What did the doctor say to the rude patient who was reluctant to get stitches from him	Fine, suture yourself.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my cock up your ass.
What happens when you throw root beer in the ocean	Root Beer Floats!
What is Chris Brown's favorite cooking appliance	A Black and Decker
Q: What do you get when you put a bomb  and a dinosaur together	A: Dino-mite.
What did Lincoln say about his experience at Ford theater	He said it was mind blowing.
What's the connection between the Star Trek Enterprise and toilet paper	They both travel around Uranus looking for Klingons.
What's the difference between a stripclub and a circus	One has cunning stunts and the other has stunning cunts.
What does the Saudi executioner say every time he takes a head	[removed]
What do you say to someone who talked about you behind your back	You discussed me.
What's yellow and lives off dead beatles	Yoko Ono
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What do Hispanic weeaboos say on Christmas	Feliz NYAHHHH-vidad
What's the difference between a singing bird and a bad prostitute	One's a happy crow.
What do we want	A cure for Tourette Syndrome! When do we want it? Cunt!
What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a terrorist	You can negotiate with terrorists.
What STD does a hip black man get	Kool-AIDs
What is the first rule of Woman`s fight club	Never tell anyone what are you so mad about
What's the difference between a Jew and harry potter	Harry can escape the chamber.
What do you call someone who really likes balloons	Autistic.
Whats Lil' Waynes favorite pizza place	Little seizures
What is the difference between a drunk driver and a high driver	The drunk driver will blow through a stop sign without even knowing it was there.. The high driver will wait until it turns green
What does batman like adding to his drinks	JUST-ICE
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian	Someone who knocks on your door at 6 a.m. for no reason.
What's the difference between sandpaper and a baby	The sandpaper doesn't scream when I rub it's face on wood.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter, he ain't comin'.
What do you call a squadron of baby soldiers	Infantry.
What is your favorite Brian Williams joke	I was there during the big bang of the universe - Brian Williams
What's a chiropractor's busiest day	Throwback Thursday.
What's the difference between a radical and a moderate Muslim	A radical Muslim wants to cut your head off, but a moderate Muslim *wants* the radical Muslim to cut your head off. Bye.
What food, when consumed by a female, causes a complete loss of desire	Wedding cake.
Q: What do you call a running chicken	A: Poultry in motion.
what do you call a contortionist from the Philippines	A Manila folder.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND EYEEEEEEEE
What's the difference between a republican and a democrat	How much damage can their Weiner make...
What tense do Italians speak in	Pasta continuous.
What did the rude prism say to the beam of light that smacked into him	Get bent!
What does the Rose iphone 7 and the Titanic have in common	They both lost Jack.
What did Republican Jesus say to the masses	We can't feed all these people! That would only create dependence.
What do you call a black person flying a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What do you call it when a redhead goes nuts	A ginger snap.
What's the part of a book that's most likely to explode	The appendix.
What's the difference between Joan Crawford and an abortion doctor	When Joan used a coat-hanger on Cheryl, she was already out of the womb.
What was Stalin's favorite chemical equation	HAmAr + SiCl
What happened at the cannibal's wedding  party	They toasted the bride and groom.
What did the angry dough ball say to the other dough ball	You trying to get a rise out of me! Came up with while I was making pizza.
What happens when you combine bleach and a girl dog	You get a basic bitch
What's blue and orange &amp; sits at the bottom of a swimming pool	A baby with burst armbands.
What do tampons and white women have in common	They are both stuck up cunts.
What do you call a man who excels at fishing	A master baiter
What's the difference between a ruble and a dollar	One dollar
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A gummy bear.
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A gummy bear!
What do you call a seafood restaurant that generates its own power	A fission-chips shop.
What do you call it if you put an IED on an Italian	Rigatoni!
What do you call it when someone relies on sleep studies for a profession	a rem job
What do you call a police officer's favorite metal	Copper
What do you call a bunny with a bent dick	Fucks Funny
What do you call a fat psychic	A four-chin teller
What do you call a blonde standing on her head	A brunette with bad breath
What's 72	69 with 3 people watching!
What does Godzilla do part time when he's not destroying cities	He flips houses
What did the fish thief say to the cops when he turned himself in	I gillt was killing me.
What's the most sensitive part of a man's body when he's masturbating	His ears.
What does an egg say when he gets turnt	Om lit cred: my friend DaMexicanBurrito from playstation.
What do you call a lawncare company owned by a promiscuous lesbian	Hoe Mow
What do you do if your dishwasher stops working	Punch her
What can you find in both medieval English castles and American art museums	Norman Rock Wells.
Q: What do you call a blonde that can suck a golfball through a water hose	A:Sweetheart!
What kind of tie does a ghost wear to a formal party	A boo-tie.
What is the longest sentence in the English language	I do.
What did the chicken say before laying an egg	Yahoo. There goes my baby.
What is black &amp; blue and definitely not up for sex	The new girl in the women's refuge.
what is the difference between a crook and a politician	A crook will steal before he runs, a politician runs before he steals
Q: What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	A: Your Job still sucks
What did one German wheat farmer say to the other German wheat farmer	Gluten tag
What does deaf, mute and blind person get for christmas	Cancer
What does a Hot Pepper and a Prostitute have in common	Your dick burns like hell after you stick it in. Side Note: I just realized how much I love prostitute jokes.
What happens to the cannibal who is late to the party	He gets the cold shoulder.
What is old and ugly and can see just as well  from both ends	A witch with a blindfold !
What would you say about someone who li kes to tell cancer jokes	That he has a sense of tumor (Courtesy of twitter.com/sorryforthelolz)
What did the mod say when he was wrong	[BANNED]
What is a rock's favorite band	The Rolling Stones.
What's the difference between an spam and a personal attack	They aren'tt tolerated on thsi subredit
What is more powerful than God, more evil than the Devil, poor people have it, if you eat it, you will die	Diarrhoea
What does a girl want more than anything in the world	Nothing. She's fine. Edit: Wow guys. Thanks so much for the upvotes, the hilarious comments and I finally got my 1st gold!
What did the armless warrior say to his opponent before battle	You're about to meet da-feet!
What's better than getting a gold medal at the paralympics	Having legs.
What's A Jew's Favorite Kind of Drink	Concentrated.
What makes you sweat during the summer	A sweater.
What did Alyssa the duck say to Henry the beaver	Quack quack!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree	Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
What does amnesia mean	Someone told me but I forgot.
What did Cinderella say while waiting for her photos	Someday my prints will come
What do mathmeticians do when they are constipated	Work it out with a pencil
whats the Mexican version of whack a mole	gua-ca-mole
What should you do if you find a witch in your bed	Run!
What does batman add to his tea	Just ice.
What's an epileptic persons favorite pizza place	Little Ceizures.
What do a priest and a Christmas tree have in common	Their balls are just for decoration
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynocologist	One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
Q: What should you do if windows crashes cost you a lot of money	A: You should bill Gates.
What is about 6 in long, has a head, girls love to blow it, and is in a guys pants	a dollar bill you dirty minded people!! LMFAO
what's brown and sticky	A stick.
What does a lonely Sean Connery building IKEA products say	I guess its jusht me, myshelf, and I tonight.
What do spinach and butt sex have in common	If you were forced to have them as a kid, you probably won't like them as an adult.
What do you call a person who continues to touch up on something that is already perfect, and thus ruining whatever it was	George Lucas.
What were the redditor's last thoughts at suicide-bomber camp	Wow, this really blew up, thanks guys!
What's the difference between getting a divorce and getting circumcised	When you get a divorce you get rid of the whole prick.
What do you get if you cross Donald Trump with a reddit user	your mother
What's Pao's favorite Chinese dish	Infant children.
What do you get if you take off the red dot on the Japanese flag	The Miami Heat flag.
What's similar between The Mafia and a Pussy..	...I haven't been in either.
Whats Darth Vaders favorite alchohol	Darth Jaeger
What do you call a good looking canyon	Gorge-ous
What do you call a Chinese guy with a large penis	Hung Kong.
What do you get when you squeeze a synagogue	Fresh Jews.
What is the difference between a middle school boy and a high school boy	The middle school boy just wants to snatch a kiss.
What did Abe Lincoln say after a night of drinking	I set WHO free?
What do you call a gay Jew	He-blew
What do you call a dancing cow	A milkshake
What's being in love feel like	You know when someone cancels plans you wanted to cancel anyway? Almost as good as that.
What do a Prostitute and a politician have in common	they both take money for lip-service.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn	Where's Popcorn?
What kind of gun does a firefighter have	A water gun.
What did one dick say to the other dick	Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
What do you call five black cars that all crash into each other	A three car pile-up.
What do you call a salad that's been cut with a knife	Ceasar
What did the Pope say when a cougar crossed his path	Oh my gosh I almost Puma pants.
What's the difference between a black dad and a elevator	A elevator can raise a kid
What is Santa saying to Mrs. Claus right now	I told you it would rain, dear.
What is Apple users favorite movie	No Escape
What do you call it when two people make a baby in fog	A mist conception.
What is a Detective's favourite pastry	The Tooth Hurts Donut!
What did the U.S airdrop the the children of Syria	Dead parents
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon	Ones fun to smash with a sledge hammer the others just a fucking watermelon.
What did the winner of the not moving contest get	Atrophy
What do you call a business that doesn't sell Apple's sea monster	A bus
What do blondes do after they comb their hair	They pull up their pants.
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Rap artist	art
Whats the best part about dating a Black girl	You don't have to worry about meeting her Father
What's the worst single thing you could do to someone	Start dating them
What did the owner of the gay bar do when his joint was full and he couldn't seat all of his customers	He flipped the chairs over.
What do you get if you squeeze a synagogue	Jews.
What kind of bee can never make up its mind	A maybe
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It'll take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid.
What did the number zero say to the number 8	I like your belt
What's the difference between having a boner and being cyberbullied	One is getting erect, and the other is getting e-wrecked.
What is the difference between a rooster and a prostitute	A rooster says ""cock-a-doodle-do"", and a prostitute says ""any-cock-will-do.
what do you call a cow with no legs	ground beef
What's the difference between a pothead and a gay Muslim	Potheads get stoned by choice.
What's the national bird of Iraq	The drone.
What did Captain Cook say to his men before they got on the ship	Let's get on the ship, men!
What did the child with no hands get for his birthday	Nobody knows yet.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock	Look grandpa, no hands!
What does a black man get after sex	15 years - life in prison.
What does a nearsighted gynecologist and puppy have in common	A wet nose
Q: What is the difference between a banjo and an  anchor	A: You tie a rope to an anchor before you throw it overboard.
What do you do if King Kong sits in front of you at the cinema	Miss most of the film!
What is a redditors worst nightmare	[removed]
what do you call a duck addicted to drugs	A quack head
What's the worst part about having Comcast internet	Loading...
What do you call it when you accidentally drop a flower	An oopsy daisy.
What would call it if all the cars in the country were pink	A pink carnation.
What has four legs and one arm	A Rottweiler on a playground.
What's the stupidest animal you can find in a jungle	A polar bear.
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What do you call a faucet that won't give water to gay people	A sbigot.
What did the baby Jew say to the Mohel hooker	Keep the tip
What do Native American pubescent hipsters who would like to join a group often say	Clandestine.
What's the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free.
What do you call a dog with no legs	I doesn't matter, it won't come when you call it.
What is the difference between a Muslim boy and Tim Cook	One doesn't get arrested to make shitty watches.
What do you call a pest from the moon	A luna-tick.
What is headache	5 minutes talk to wife.
What happened when the Ape won the door prize	He didn't take it - he already had a door!
What do you call a lesbian chicken	A sticky beak!
What do particle physicists like to drink	Pina colliders.
What do you get when you cross a cow with an octopus	Your funding revoked by the ethics board.
What do they call the Hunger Games in Africa	Tuesday.
Whats black,white,black,white,black,white,red	A nun falling down the stairs on her period.
What's the difference between an American and a moldy piece of bread	The bread has more culture.
What kind of water do you put into a waterbed	Spring water
What's the new French flag look like	A white cross emblazoned on a white background!
What did the terrorist say as he walked into a classroom with a clock strapped to his chest	Allahu Clockbar!
What is a lesbian's favourite Liam Neeson film	Snatch
What do you call a Tardy count for a school of water bears	A tardigrade!
What's the hardest part about walking through a field of dead babies	My Dick.
What do you call a man who can't stand	Neal
Whats bigger than your balls	The moon
What is the difference between a strip club and a circus	At a circus has cunning stunts
What part of the body did the chiropractor fix when Eminem came in	*Shady's back*
What do you call an Irish midget	Whatever their name is, you insensitive jerk.
What's the difference between golf and sky diving	Twack......... Shit!
What do you call a drummer in a three piece suit	The Da-da-defendant.
What's Bill Clintons favorite holiday	According to Lewinsky... Happy Employee Appreciation Day!
What is the difference between your mom and Kim Kardashian	One is a dirty whore and the other is Kim Kardashian.
What do you call a broken square	A REKTangle
What did the horny frog say	Rub-it
What do you do when you drop your favorite ska record	PICK IT UP, PICK IT UP, PICK IT UP, PICK IT UP!
What do you get if you cross a chicken with a cement mixer	A brick-layer !
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog	After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
What shoes do pedophiles wear	White Vans
What did Adam say on the day before Christmas	It's Christmas, Eve!
Whats the different between falling from the 10th floor and falling from the 1st floor	The sound you make 10th floor "" AHHHHHHHHH *BOOM* "" 1st floor "" *BOOM* AHHHHHHHHHH
What's the worst part about fuckin terrorists	Their hairy assholes...
What's the difference between Christmas and the Great Marianas Turkey Shoot	At Christmas, there's a nip in the air.
What kind of church does a triangle attend	Anglican.
What do they do for the 4th of July in England	Sulk.
What does a horny frog say	Rub it- rub it
What do you call a vegetable that's kinda cool	Rad-ish.
What do pirates of the 21st century wear	An iPadth.
What's the best thing about an extremely drunk, angry girlfriend	They don't remember when you smack the ever living shit out of them.
What do methheads and Mormons have in common	They both ride bikes and go on missions.
What did the farmer say to Lil Jon	Turnip for what
What's the difference between your mom and the subway	Homeless guys have to pay $2.50 to jerk off on the subway.
What's the difference between a black person and cancer	Cancer got Jobs
What did the donuts do on their date	They glazed into each other's eyes
What do Donald Trump and JFK have in common	Nothing.. Yet.
What's red and looks like a bucket	A red bucket.
What's the best thing about twenty-three year olds	There's 20 of them
What's the loneliest drink	I dunno but its in a solo cup.
What do you get when you have a blonde do a handstand	A brunette with bad breath.
What's the difference between a Toronto Maple Leafs fan and a 14-year old girl	Nothing. They are both just waiting for the first period to be over.
What did the little black boy get for Christmas	My bike
What kind of father names their child Adam	A scientist.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off	Spit, swallow, gargle.
What do you call a computer that sings	A Dell!
What muscle do Egyptian soldiers generally lose control of, shortly before major battles	The sphinxster ....
What do you call a muslim, jackie gleason impersonator	Muhammed muhammed muhammena.
What does an unfunny person tell a salad	Teach me senpai! http://imgur.com/jxe8KFk
What did the German Kaiser roll say to the French baguette	*Gluten tag*
What do you say when you kill five black people with one grenade	(Offensive) Triple kill!
What did the pedophile say when he got out of jail	I feel like a kid again
What's a dog's least favorite unit of measurement	Pounds
Whats the difference between 8 dicks and a joke	? Your mom cant take a joke.
What is the difference between Jared Fogel before prison, and Jared now	Before prison he was paid to eat footlongs.
What does the cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	He wipes.
What did the banana say to the orange	Fruit can't talk
What do you call a Transformer that engages in illegal activities	Optimus *Crime*.
What did the Middle Eastern terrorist say when he was captured by the police	Oman!
What gas do snails prefer	Shell.
What do you need to make a crystal salad	Onions, tomatoes, and a whole bunch of lattice
What is the best way to stop a politician	A really strong gust of wind.
Q: What do you call a credit union volunteer in a room full of bank directors	A: A superior being.
What do you call fake German currency	Question marks
What do you call a girl with no legs	Disabled. (  )
What do you call a computer that sings	A Dell.
What's better than winning the WNBA Championship	Taking a piss without sitting down.
What is love	Those who play with it call it a game. Those who don't have it call it a dream. And me, I call it you.
Q: What is the difference between a banjo  and a chain saw	A: A chain saw has a dynamic range.
What's the best feature of Apple Pencil	You don't need to sharpen it.
What's an SJW's favourite animal	A Pander.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	You can roast beef!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whats black and doesn't work	decaf coffee, you racist bastard!
What kind of music do chiropractors listen to	Hip-pop.
What kind of teeth can you buy with a dollar	Buck teeth!
What do you call a gay French baker	A faguette
What's the difference between an oral, and rectal thermometer	The taste.
What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies	Snowballs
What's the definition of endless love	Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.
What is the official bird of love	The Swallow.
What's Sting's favorite Olympic sport	The long hump
Whats hard, black, and keeps me up all night	My Roku.
What do you call conjoined twins with the same name	Sharron.
What happened to the egg when it heard the joke	It cracked.
what's the most common name for a Mexican	manual labor ........
What is the difference between an 8 year old fine wine and a bad wine	One does their chores while complaining, the other doesn't do them at all.
What did Santa say at the brothel	Hoe! Hoe! Hoe!
What do you call it when a black chick shows you her pussy	Nutella Spread
What do your child and your dick have in common	If you don't beat it enough, it'll start standing up for itself in public.
What would you use to write down a description of the dump you just took	A No. 2 pencil.
What's the difference between life and a prostitute	You have to pay a prostitute to fuck you
What do you call an ugly rabbit that sits on someone's forehead	Unsightly facial hare!
What would a cross-dressing psychologist wear	A Freudian slip
What do you call two gay Irish partners	John Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzjohn
What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT	Nice belt
What did Professor X said when Cyclops whipped out his penis	Keep it in your Jeans
What's long, hard, and fucks old people	Osteoporosis
What's the worst thing to hear after you have sex with Steve Buscemi	I'm not Steve Buscemi.
What do you call a chess blunder where you lose your castle	A Rook-ey mistake.
What game do Africans play everyday	THE HUNGER GAMES (I'M GOING TO HELL)
what's the height of trust	two cannibals in a 69
What did the Momma buffalo say to the baby buffalo on his first day of school	Bye Son (Bison)
What has 72 teeth and holds back the hulk	My zipper.
what does a 9 volt battery and your girlfriend's arsehole have in common	Even though you know you shouldn't you give them both a lick
What do you call the first Afghan off the boat	Amhere. What do you call the second Afghan off the boat? Amhere Azwel. What do you call the third Afghan off the boat? Amhere Azwell Azhim. :)
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Gagging/Choking sound*
What kind of dance do buns do	Abundance.
What do you call a comic book hero that is constantly hooked on having sex with female superheroes	A heroine addict.
What does a redneck Buddhist believe in	Reintarnation.
What's the best wood to make a golf club out of	Taiga Wood
What is the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What happens when you cross a mountain climber with a mosquito	Nothing, you can't cross a vector with a scaler.
What did one tampon say to the other when they passed each other on the street	Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What do mechanical keyboards want for dinner	Chicken ticka ticka ticka masala
What do you call a love story between resistance and energy	Omhmeo and Jouleiet
What did one earring say to the other	You go on a head, i'll just hang round 'ere
What did the bartender say to the angry speaker	We don't want any treble
What do you call a cow on the barnyard floor	Ground Beef
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garabonzo bean	I don't have a garabonzo bean in my garage because that's where I get pee'd on so there is tarps everywhere.
What disease do elderly dinosaurs get	Jurassic Parkinsons
What did Jesus said to his girlfriend in the morning	''Damn, you really nailed me last night''
What do you call a fat psychic	A four chin teller
What do you call an armadillo at a fashion show	A roll model
What do you call a black guy who can fly a plane	A pilot; what else would you call him? You racist prick!
What's the hardest part about being a gay, black police officer	The discrimination.
What's a Jamaican's favorite brand of paint	Benjammin Moore mon
What's the easiest way for a Gorilla hunter to make money	Collect unemployment insurance!
What kind of vitamin does a pirate take	Vitamin sea.
What's in a tweet	That which you call your bowel movement, by any other tweet is still an odious hot mess.
What's the difference between an ass kisser and a brown noser	About 2 inches.
What do you call an someone who's an itch that begins with a B	Brash.
Whats the difference between a nun and a whore in a bathtub	One has a soul full of hope...
What has America come to	We're letting a *black* president run the *WHITE* House!
What did Captain Picard call his poop	Captain's log
Whats the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your ass
What did russian judge say to the jury	I better stop Stalin for time and Putin a little more effort.
What does the president of Russia call his toilet	Vladimir's Poo Tin
What's the song that coldplay wrote for you	Yellow. *Phil answers phone*
What is something long and hard that a Polish Bride gets on her wedding day	A last name.
What's the difference between broccoli and boogers	You can't get kids to eat broccoli.
What do you call an angry, seafaring mathematician	-rate!!!
What does every funeral begin with	fun!
What is the difference between 9/11 and landscaping	Landscaping is an outside job.
What does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced	about a Buccaneer (buck-an-ear) yuck...yuck...yuck
What did Hitler call his records store	The Vinyl Solution.
What makes teaching gender studies so great	ready pool of girls with daddy issues
What's long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night	A new last name.
What so you call a bulldog mixed with a shih tzu	A bull shiht
What's the difference between three dicks, and the truth	Your mom can't handle the truth.
What do you call a person who is half Jewish	Jew-ish
What type of gun does a feminist carry	A revulva
What do you call a French baker who sucks cock	a faguette
What is Shrek's favorite book	Don-key xote
What is Jamaican Pikachu's favorite dance	The Polka Mon
What is a Skeletons porn-star name	Mr.Boner *edit I give this partial credit to that guy that sells meth on the street he-he.
What's the difference between Jesus and Mexicans	Jesus doesn't have any tattoos of Mexicans.
What's a traffic cop's favorite kind of sweater	A pull over.
What's in a name	Boy asks a girl: Is your name WiFi? Girl: No, why? Boy: Because I am feeling a connection.
What does a blonde woman is doing with her ear bonded to the wall	Listening *house*.
what's the difference between an onion &amp; a bagpipe	nobody cries when you slice up a bagpipe...
What do you get when you cross a cricket with a bat	Nothing as they cannot breed with eachother
What's got no teeth, and smells	The gearbox in my wife's car.
What did the predators say before they went hunting	Let us prey first.
What do you call a sour black man	Vinigger.
What do you call a sad strawberry	A blueberry hahaha fuck you all
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act	Booooooooooooookake
What did the cat say to the banana	Banana. .. What did the cow say to the banana? Banana. .. What did the goat say to the banana? Baaah- nothing. Goats can't talk.
What do you call someone who's great at everything	A good-for-nothing.
What do you call a Mexican fighting a Catholic priest	Alien vs. Predator
What's the difference between one polar bear and 10 polar bears	9 polar bears (joke on a mug at work. lame, ik)
What do you call mail that likes to have fun	Outgoing mail.
What take out food should you avoid at all costs in Hospital	Donor Kebab
What do you call a clown that gives you flowers	A Romantic Jester!
What is Medusa's favorite cheese	Gorgonzola.
What's the difference between American and Canadian	A boat.
What sport do Japanese people watch	Desuball
What do you call a bee in a space rocket	bracket
What did the Titanic say to the iceberg	Okay, but just the tip.
What do you call 6.02*10^23 butts	Molasses
What's your new year's resolution	Mine is 1440 * 900.
What's Beethoven's favorite favorite Japanese weapon	Ka-ta-na-na!
What is religious favorites food	Chop Suey
What happens when sharks take their clothes off	They go sharkers !
Q: What do you call a dumb blonde behind a steering wheel	A: An air bag.
What did the cannibal butcher say to his uneasy customer	Don't worry, it's all ethically sourced! All my produce commited suicide!
What do elderly zombies crave	BRAAAAAAAAAAAAANS
What town should a ""mountain oyster"" festival be held in	Oxnard, CA
What happens when Mario parks his car outside the wrong castle	He gets Toad
What to do when the black guy in front of you gets shot	Stop laughing and reload.
What happened to the pessimistic abortion doctor	He developed a de-fetus attitude.
What do wearing Crocs and receiving a blowjob have in common	It feels great at first, and then you look down and realize you're gay.
Q: What does it mean if a guy remembers the color of a woman's eyes after a first date	A: She has small tits.
Whats the difference between Jam and Marmalade	(NSFW) Whats the difference between Jam and Marmalade? You cant marmalade your cock up your girlfriends ass
What happened when a whore house caught on fire	Some came out running, others ran out coming.
What's the difference between jokes and dicks	My girlfriend doesn't laugh at my jokes. *edited for spelling: ""Mr"" instead of ""my""*
What's the difference between O and Q	One had to P.
What is the process for a terrorist kidnapping	Well, first Demascus, then they Baghdad!
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful	One is against the law, the other is a sick bird.
What do you call a Nazi's concealed weapon	Auschwitz blade!
What is a polygon	A dead parrot !
What does pubic hair and celery have in common	Just move it to the side and keep eating.
What do you call italian food that is bad	A pizza shit
What do you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns	Go for the juggler.
What's the difference between a pedophile and acne	NSFW One doesn't come on your face until your twelve
Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	A: One requires tweetment, the other requires oinkment.
What's the difference between a canoe and a Jew	Canoes tip.
What food do Japanese people serve as an apology when they have offended someone	Miso sorry...
What's the difference between a dead baby and a rock	you can't fuck a rock
What do you call a woman with her tongue out	A lesbian with a hard on.
What's the difference between a cactus and a BMW	I've never stuffed a BMW up my rectum.
What do you call it when Muslim men play naked twister	Dinner entertainment at Guantanamo Bay
What is Superman's comedy sketch show called	Essen-El
Whats the difference between Lance Armstrong and Hitler	Lance can finish a race.
What do you say to a woman who didn't shave for a funeral	O-bitch-uary.
What did Joan Rivers say to the zombie	*Who are you wearing?*
What's the name of the Russian Bee Gees cover band	KGBGs
What comes first	The Chicken or the Cart!
What does a robot do at the end of one night stand	He falls off
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison	A small medium at large!
What is the hardest part about sleeping with twenty one year olds	There is twenty of them
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	The Pokemon.
What did Will Smith say to Carleton when he asked if he was ready to leave their yoga class	Nah I'ma stay.
What do you call meat that is on sale for half off in the south	Roadkill
What does a hippy say when you ask him to leave	Namaste
What's the prize for getting the Human Papilloma Virus	You get an a-wart!
What do Sarah Palin and Iron Man have in common	...they've both had a Downey Jr. inside them.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	The porcupine has pricks on the outside Sorry but after seeing about 5 reposts today, I thought it was open season.
Q: What kind of house is easiest to pick up	A: A light house.
What do sea monsters eat	Fish and ships.
What's the difference between a urologist and an anesthesiologist	An urologist plays with somebody else's penis during surgery.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, he wont come when you call it!
What did the Psychiatrist say to the naked man wrapped in surran wrap	Well I can clearly see your nuts
What is yellow and cant swim	An excavator. Why? It only has one arm.
What's the difference between a Greyhound bus station and a lobster with tits	One's a crusty bus station; the other is a busty crustacean.
What is E.T. short for	It has little legs.
What would Apple laptops be called if Steve Jobs had been Irish	McBook Eyre
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexics Association
What's the difference between kinky and perverted	Kinky you use a feather; perverted you use the whole chicken !
What happened to be, she, and they... ...when they were discovered face-down in the mud	They were PRONOUNS dead
What's the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair	Cancer...
What do you call someone that hangs out with musicians	A drummer
What did the bartender say to the foreskin	You're cut off.
What church do hypocrites belong to	All of them.
What word starts with M and ends in arraige and is a man's favourite thing	Miscarriage. This joke never gets old, just like the baby.
What happens when Bill Gates gets mad	He gets philanthro-pissed
whats black and burns	stevie wonder answering the iron
What do you call two women in a canoe	Fur traders!
What do you call a dog underwater	A sub woofer.
What do you call a midget physic that escaped from jail	A small medium at large.
What do you do when the dishwasher stops working	You tell her to get back to work.
What did Trump say to Hillary when she told him a joke	You're Hillaryus"" I'll walk myself out...
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	Pilot, you fucking racist!
What is ET short for	Cos he's only got little legs
What do you call cheese that's not yours	NACHO CHEESE!
What do you call a unicorn that's had its horn removed	A eunuchorn.
What do you get if you boil funnybones	A laughing stock.
What is the main ingredient of a fractal fondue	Mandel broth Ha ha ha The puns I make up while working as a grocery cashier..
What did the monkeys say when they saw the Northern Lights	Ooooooh, aaaaaah...
Whats Irish and stays out all night	Patty O'Furniture
What do you call a ghost's fart	Spectral emissions.
What does feminism and a pile of shit have in common	They both started out as a movement.
Q: What's the shortest book ever written	A: French War Heroes.
What did the mathematician do when he was constipated	He worked it out with a pencil
What's the difference between South Korean BBQ and American BBQ	South Korean BBQ has more Seoul
What kind of soap do you use to clean a dirty joke	Bawdy wash.
What would happen if you crossed Magilla  Gorilla with a Saint Bernard	It would drink the brandy it would carry and act like a big Gorilla!
What did the guy with a neckbeard say when he had to mail something twice	REPOST!
What do sperm and politicians have in common	About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.
What usually comes in handy	A virgin.
What do Beethoven's 9th and a dead baby have in common	They're both D-composed.
What do you call a computer programmer that likes to kidnap children	A PDFile.
What do you get when you give a duck a knife	A murder most fowl.
What do you call a reptile that works as a detective	An investigator.
What does weed and your girlfriend have in common	They both leave me sticky fingers. [7]
What do you call a semi truck with it's load half empty	Pessimist Prime
what do you call a guy in love with a foreign girl	cuntaminated
What's the difference between your job and your wife	Your job fucking sucks
What's black and white and red all over	A bioracial double homocide.
What is the greatest shock ever	While having sex with pregnant woman a hand grabs your dick from inside.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	Well I can't jelly my dick up your ass
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's going to take me a minute to get hard - I just got laid by a chick.
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon	Tennish
What did Helen Keller say after being handed a cheese grater	That's the worst book I ever read.
What happened to the body builder ...whose favorite gym closed down	He was depressed.
What does a Nazi Turkey say	Goebbels, Goebbels,Goebbels...
What's 6.9	A good thing ruined by a period.
What sexual position produces the ugliest children	Ask your mom.
What technology are old people better at using than young people	Life support.
What's the most boring cut of meat	Filet minYAWN
What goes 'clippidy clop bang bang clippidy clop'	An Amish drive-by.
What do you call a psychiatric patient who is afraid of doors	Unhinged
What kind of bee can keep an aeroplane dry	An aero-drone !
What's two holes in a hole	My nose up your ass.
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple	Pimples don't come on boys faces till they hit 13
What's the Only Planet That Gives a Crap	Uranus.
What do you call a pissed-off Founding Father	A Cranky-Doodle-Dandy!
What's the best way to lose some pounds	Leave the EU.
What did the one melon say to the other melon	We're too young to marry. We cantaloupe.
What letter has to wait in line the longest	Q
What do you call a man with a rubber toe	Roberto.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunjee cord	My ass!
What does an orphan get for Christmas	Really lonely.
What is the difference between Jelly and Jam	You can't jelly your cock down your girlfriend's throat.
What does Disney and the porn industry have in common	They both hire adults that look like teenagers.
What do black coffee and Ginger Baker have in common	They're both terrible without cream.
What is the cheapest part of a boat	The part with the sail in it.
What do you call a gorilla that got shot even though it didn't want to do anything wrong	King Kong
What happens to the cow on her period	She gets MOOOOOODY
[NSFW] What do woman and airplanes have in common	They both have cockpits.
What do radical feminists say when they are about to explode	**RAPE!!!**
What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery	No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!
What is the title of Martha Stewart's culinary anthology	Cooking: The Books
What's grey and comes in litres	An elephant. Apologies if this is a repost - heard it yesterday and had to share.
What do you call a man who cuts down trees	A tree feller.
What is Will Smith's job	He's a blacksmith
What's the difference between a weatherman and a well-hung dick doctor	One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.
What drug is most destructive with phones	Crack.
What do you call a guy who pretends he can speak French	A francophony
What did the socialist use before candles	Electricity.
What did one reddit user say to the other	(Punch line in comments)
What did Batman say to Robin before getting in the car	Robin, get in the car.
What did you do for Mothers Day yesterday	Mothers Day is this upcoming Sunday.
What would you call the easter egg roll if Bernie Sanders became president	Weekend at Bernie's.
What has two legs and bleeds profusely	Half a cat.
What's the difference between 3 and 13	Nothing, they both have 1 3
What do you call chickpeas cooked in a waffle iron	Fawaffle!
What do you say to your laces to make them go away	Shoo laces
What do you call sandpaper in Iraq	A map.
What did the french bloomers say to the sexy thong	Well I've 'ad me ups n downs, but I've never been pushed to one side...
What did one nut say to the other	Nut-thing! ....I'll see myself out.
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	- Quattro Sink-o
What do you call a tropical depression on a SE Asian island	Malaise-ia
What is the Opposite of Palindrom	NTSCindrom HAHAAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAHAAHAHA
What did Mr T say when asked if he had any wool	Yes sir, yes sir, three bags, fool.
What do you call an islander killed by a car	Polygon (sorry)
What did the Nazi say to the pregnant Jew	I see you have another Jew in the oven.
What type of people can you not stand	People in wheelchairs
What's the most confusing holiday in the hood	Kwanzaa. I don't think anyone has a clue what that holiday is.
What's it called when a pig kills itself	Soooey!-cide
What number is most common in earth sciences	e
What's an activity 9/10 people enjoy	Gang rape.
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew	The pizza doesn't scream in the oven
What do you call a sick eagle that just flew in from out of the country	an ill-eagle immigrant
Whats the difference between my sex life and my virginity	I have a virginity.
What do you get if you cross a skunk  and a balloon	A creature that stinks to high heaven!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy........ The others a little lighter.
What do Mexicans put under their carpet	UNDERLAY! UNDERLAY!
What do you call spaghetti pretending to be rigatoni	An impasta
What's another name for the child sex offender registry	The pedo file.
What's the similarity between a marriage and a tornado	At the start there's lots of sucking and blowing but in the end you lose your house.
What do you have when you got a bag of weed and a bottle of Jack Daniel's	Jackpot!
What did the ruthless businessman say to  his employees	If at first you don't succeed - you're fired!
What do you call a fish with no ""eyes""	Fsh
What did the owner of a brownie factory say when his factory caught fire	I'm getting the fudge outta here!
Q: What's the difference between a  counterfeit dollar and a skinny blonde	A: One's a phony buck.
What kind of computers do chihuahuas like best	Lap-top!
What did Nicolas Cage say when his daughters grades came through	Oh God, not the B's!
What do you say when trying to catch the elevator	Hodor! Hodor!
What is the difference between a Ford car and a porcupine	Porcupines have pricks on the outside.
What do you call a sexually repressed bandit	Rubbin' Hood
What's the difference between David Lee Roth and Snoop Lion	David Lee Roth was in Van Halen Snoop Lion was in a van in halen
What are the sexiest farm animals	Brown chicken, Brown cow!
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose	Full
What do you call a broken vibrator	A dildon't
What's a bisexual's favourite food item	Chestnuts
What changed to make The Fantastic Four the Fantastic Three	Nothing.
What do sex, Mexican food, and pizza have in common	They're all easy to do decent but hard to do great.
What do guys with big dicks eat for breakfast	Didn't think you'd know.
What's the difference between a degree in Theoretical Physics and a theoretical degree in Physics	One is relevant and can get you a job. The other you went to university for.
What do Pink Floyd fans and NASCAR driver Kyle Larson have in common	They both love The Wall
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and brass balls	Sparky
What do you call a $300 hand job from a rapper	Beats by Dre.
What did one cell say to his sister after she stepped on him	Mitosis. Huehuehuehuehuehue
What did the spice say during climax	I'm cumin! I'm cumin!
What would Confucius say about errors made in elevators	He who makes a mistake in an elevator is wrong on many levels.
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	a tire
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo bean	You wouldn't pay money to have a Garbanzo bean on your face!
What is a neckbeard's favourite email client	G'mail
What do you call a child who shoots with twigs at a PTSD victim	TWIGERING
What do you call a dinosaur that sleeps around a lot	A carniv-whore.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman	Mick Jagger says, ""Hey you, get offa' my cloud."" A Scotsman says, ""Hey McCloud, get offa' my ewe.
What does a Mexican cut a pizza with	Little ceasars!!! (Scissors)
What do you call a dinosaur with no eyes	Shut up.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
What's the difference between a small child and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What do you call Mariah Carey when she eats at a Indian restuarant	Mariah Curry
What did the self-deprecating Indian say about his car	It has Injun problems.
What do you call a programming language designed for women	An object oriented programming language.
What do you call someone who loves Christmas but doubts the existence of God	Eggnog-stic.
What's the definition of an african-american	Proof that skunks and monkeys fuck.
What do they call a bra in Sweden	A holdsemfromfloppin
What's the worst period of Caitlyn Jenner's life	There is none.
What do you call an overpriced castration	A divorce.
What do you call a Jewish man, mid ejaculation	A Heblew.
What's the best thing about going on a surprise vacation with a gay guy	His shit's already packed.
What does Wayne Gretzky's wife call him	Wayne
What internet provider does Satan use in hell	Comcast
Q: What's worse than finding a horse's head on your pillow	A: Realising the horse is alive and well and how much did I drink last night?!
What did the mohel bring to the BBQ potluck	His homemade Bris-kit.
What did the fruit say to the vegetable	Lettuce be grape friends.
What is the similarity between household chores and anal	You don't want to do it but your dad gives it to you anyways.
Whats the most sexually frustrated food	Cantaloupe.
What happens if I make a cake with washing soda, not baking soda	You end up clean round the bend. Apologies for stealing the title from /r/science
What do you call it when Professor X does a wheelie	Professor +
What is the scariest thing about a white man in jail	...you know he did it.
What does a lesbian pirate say	Scissor me timbers!
What do you do if hou are cold	If you ever get cold, stand in a corner for a bit. They are usually 90 degrees.
What do you call a fat guy, from New Orleans, that never tells the truth	A jambo-laya. Thanks for coming out, I'll be here till Thursday.
What's the hardest thing about rollerblading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What is the worst thing about dating a Japanese girl	You have to drop da bomb on her twice
What do you call a quaterpounder with cheese in Zimbabwe	A yeast infection!
What do you call a troupe of performing Redditors	Cirque le Jerk
What do you call a know-it-all that likes doing bad stuff to kids	Encyclopedophile
What did the Nazi say to the clock that went tick-tick-tick	Ve have vays of making you tock...
What's the most sensitive part of your body when you masturbate	Your ears.
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a coconut	Coconuts have hair
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves! Just kidding... He hasn't unwrapped his present yet
What happened to the Indian that drank too much	He tee-peed his pants.
What do black people and a tornado have in common	It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood.
What do you call the CFO of a landscaping company	A hedge fund manager
What is it called when Batman skips church	Christian Bale
What is the difference between an American rabbit and a French rabbit	The American rabbit goes hippity hop and the French rabbit goes lickety split!
What do you call a gangster with no limbs	A crip
What do you call an orchestra with bronchitis	A coughcoughony!
What is the radio operator's favourite romantic story	R and J
What did 0 say to 8	Nice Belt.
what's food backwards	vomit
What do you call an imp that is rushes to the hospital	Impatient OC from r/dadjokes
What is a seal's favorite drink	Club soda
What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee cord	My ass. TL'DR - My ass.
What do you call a snarky criminal going down a flight of stairs	A condescending con descending.
Q: What is 68 to a blonde	A: Where she goes down on you and you owe her one.
[OC] What did the disgruntled barber give to the prince	A bad heir day.
What is juicy on the inside, dry on the outside, and has ""apple"" in it	A roasted baby with an apple in its mouth.
What's the difference between a lawyer and whore	The lawyer can't guarantee to get you off.
What is the car that everyone sleeps in	The Ford Siesta Many thanks to /u/ekhappychap for that one.
What was the ninja pigs' surprise attack called	Hambush
What disease does a mad scientist have	boffin spongiform encephalopathy
What do Penises and Rubik's Cubes have in common	The more you play with them, the harder they get
What did terrorists say in Paris	Charlie has been neutralised
What's the difference between my Grandma and the FBI	My Grandma can unlock an iphone.
What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket	Some asshole has my pen!
What is Jesus' favourite dessert	Propheteroles
What do Canadians say after a prayer in church	Eh-men
What's a polar bears favourite pasta	Penguini!
What do you call a prehistoric humanoid who likes to take his time	A meander-thal!
What do you call a pc that fell in the ocean	A Dell rolling in the deep.
What do you get when a short bus gets in a wreck	Mashed potatoes.
What did the man say to the suffocating clown	You've got to be choking
What is 50 Cent's guiding philosophy	Be the change you want to see in the world.
What's invisible and smells like bananas	monkey farts
What did the black kid get for christmas	Your bike.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip...
What do you call a blind German	A Not-See
What do you call a black woman whose had an abortion	A crimefighter
What do you get when BMW, Volkswagen, and Callaway design a car together	A Mini Golf.
What happens when you throw a green rock into the Red Sea	It gets wet.
What do you call an aardvark astronaut	A starredvark!
Q: What does a PASCAL programmer say to a C programmer	A: ""Would you like fries with that?
What is the difference between your dog and your girlfriend	You can get your dog to come.
what do men with erectile disfunction and nintendo cartridges have in common	It works if you blow it before you put it in.
What is a sorcerer's least favorite disease	A staff infection
What do you call a snake that tells bad jokes	A corn snake
What does the pedophile jew say to the child	Wanna buy some candy?
What's the difference between Bluetooth and The Titanic	The Titanic sinks.
What are Mario's overalls made out of	Denim denim denim.
What do you call a smiley face if someone uses it that lives in an igloo	An Eskimoji
What has six balls and rapes the poor	The lottery. It's over $800 million folks! Dragged this joke back for the occasion.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs	9/11
What do you call a pig that knows karate	A pork chop.
What is batman's favorite food	BANANANANANANANANANANA
What's the difference between matter and a hormone	You can't make matter.
What is a carpenters dream girl	Flat as a board, skinny as a nail and easy to screw.
What's the difference between a blonde and your job	Your job still sucks after 6 months.
What do you do if your GF is having siezures in the bathtub	Throw in your laundry.
What did batman say to robin before robin got in the car	get in the car
Whats the difference between a Pygmy and an Amazon	Well, the Pygmy is a cunning runt...
What's the difference between a canoe and a jew	Canoes tip
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They were both stuck up cunts...
What happened at the Mr. Softee when someone spiked the syrups with Viagra	The whole place turned into a Hardee's.
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit
What do you call a muslim flying a plane	A pilot
Whats the difference between a jeweler and a jailer	One sells watches and one watches cells.
What did the chicken say after it's wings caught on fire	Damn, I sure got some hot wings!
What do cars and humans have in common	We both burn gas.
What's the difference between a brown noser and a shithead	Depth perception
What do Chinese people call Chinese food	Food.
What is the difference between roast beef and pee soup	You can roast beef.
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo	One's a quite heavy, and the other's a little lighter.
Whats the most dyslectic part of Asia	Croatia!
What do the french call 4/20	80
Q: What's the difference between an Irish wedding, and an Irish funeral	A: One less drunk.
What is a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math subject	Triggernometry
What is the difference between ""ooo"" and ""aaa""	About three centimeters.
What presidential candidate currently has a beard	Hillary Clinton.
What did the carrot say to the DJ	Lettuce Turnip The Beet
What's it called when an Arabic author releases their latest novel after dinner	Post-Hummus
What are prehistoric monsters called when they sleep	A dinosnore !
What did the woodworm say to the chair	It's been nice gnawing you !
Whats similar between a hurricane and women	They come in hot and wet and leave with **THE LAWN CHAIRS WE BOUGHT TOGETHER SARA YOU BITCH!**
What is the difference between a horse and a cabbage	I have never been hungry enough that I could eat a cabbage.
What's a martian's favorite wine	Chardonayy.
What is another word for a python	A mega-bite !
What do you call the child of two redheads	Ginger bread
What happens when a controlled fire goes out of control	Someone gets fired.
What is a horse's favorite condiment	MayoNEIGHS
What did the bird say after its cage fell apart	Cheap cheap!
What do you call it when a deer knows karate	Tae-fawn-doe
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She gagged.
What do you call banana shoes	Slippers.
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's fingers.
What happens when a fork and a spoon get into a fight	Civilwar!
What's Trump's Secret Russian Code Name	Agent Orange
What type of fighting technique do amputees practice	Partial arts.
What do you call an arcade in eastern europe	czech-e-cheese
What do you call gay potatoes	Homofries!
What are the effects of biggest brainwashing book in human history	i dont know...try asking the suicide bombers
What do you call dangerous precipitation	A rain of terror
What is the gardener's favourite fruit	Plantain.
What's the difference between a Pokeman and a Pokewoman	Pokeballs
What do you call a trip to Spain gone horribly wrong	A Spain in the ass.
What kind of bellybutton did Paul Walker have	An Audi. ^^^Im ^^^so ^^^sorry
What do you call a nosy pepper	Jalapeno business!
What did the octogenarian pirate say	Arr matey!
What did Michael Jackson say to the Vegetables	Just beet it
What's the Difference between a cactus, and a BMW	A cactus has the prick on the outside.
What's a theif's favorite dance move	Poppin' locks
What does a Korean need when they're taking their dog out	Oven gloves.
What is the difference between a call center job and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What did Mickey Mouse say to Trump when Goofy threw a shoe at him	DONALD DUCK !!!
What is the difference between Snow White and Brazil	Snow White had the excuse of being asleep before letting seven in.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Donald Trump.
What is a cowboy's favorite salad dressing	If you answered ""Ranch"", you are mistaken...it was a trick question. Cowboys don't eat salad.
What does a tire made of potatoes have	An inner tuber.
What do you call a coin featuring the image of a spaceship and a rooster	Badmintin' (P.s. I'm sorry, this is terrible)
What can you say to your trainer that will compliment then on your progress and also be wildly inappropriate	You make me hard
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of co-ordination	HAAAANNNNNNNDDDDDDDDD EYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
What's the best thing about having sex with 25 year olds	There's twenty of them.
Whats the difference between a steak, an egg, and a blow job	You can beat your meat and beat an egg, but you sure cant beat a blow job
What does a sick ninja practice	kung flu
What do you call a woman with a purple vagina	Satisfied
What did the premature ejaculatist say to his offended lover	Sorry... That came out wrong.
What does a junkie use for protection during sex	a bus shelter
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese
What's 9 inches long, pink, and makes my girlfriend scream when I put it in her mouth	Her miscarriage.
What do you call... What do you call a deer with no eyes	-No idea What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? -Still no idea
What's the difference between Thomas Jefferson and Ariel Castro	Thomas Jefferson wore a wig when he raped his slaves
What's the difference between a smart blonde and a UFO	There have been sightings of UFOs
What do you call a dog with no back legs and metal balls	Sparky
What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck	Penis is the male reproductive organ. Paycheck is a check that used to pay an employee for his work.
What do you feel when there's no coffee left	Depresso
What sex position creates the ugliest children	Ask your mother
What is the difference between a human dad and a moth dad	Two letters.
What kind of movie do mathematicians most often watch	-rated movies
What do you call a faggot with an axe	A Fascist
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christopher Walken.
What's the worst part about being black and Jewish	Having to sit at the back of the oven with the rest of the dirty niggers.
What do you call a journalist in Russia	An ambulance.
What do you get when you cross a judge and a potato	A Dicktater.
What do you call a Mexican with bullet wounds	Spicoli
What do you get when you cross a poodle with an elephant	A dead poodle with an asshole of diameter 40cm.
What did the abacus say to the adding machine	Calc you later!
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you've already told her twice.
What do you call the rapid growth of Indian cities	Turbanisation
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you've already told her twice!
What starts with r and ends with d	[removed]
What do you call a missing shape	A polygone!
What do you call a woman who pleasures herself with a vegetable	Mrs Hawking
What is zombie's favorite hiking snack	Entrail mix
What type of government rules the butterflies	A monarchy
What is a Hindu	It lays eggs
Q: What do a bungee jump and a hooker have in common	A: They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef. [Currently my 7 year old daughter's favorite joke]
What do you call a pile of cats	A meowntain.
What do you call really good tea	Qualitea.
What have the films 'Titanic' and 'The Sixth Sense' got in common	Icy dead people.
What did one gay horse say to the other	Haaaaayyyyy
What's long and white	The line to Starbucks.
What's the difference between a hooker, a lover and a housewife	A hooker says ""Faster! faster!"" A lover says ""Slower....slooower..."" A housewife says ""Beige. I think I'll paint the ceiling beige.
What do you call a WordPress website that dresses up like another type of website	DruPal
What's black and eats pussy	Cervical cancer...
What is feared by jailbirds and splits light into different colors	Prism rape.
What does sex and banks have in common	You put it in, you take it out, then you lose interest!
What wood doesn't float	Natalie Wood.
What's the best thing about kids	Making them!!!
What happened when the monster stole a bottle  of perfume	He was convicted of fragrancy.
What kind of work out do parrots have on leg day	SQUAAATS! ...Polly want a cracker.
What do you call a Mexican midget lady	Cuntswaylow
What are the 2 sexiest farm animals	Brown chicken, brown cow.
What do you call two gay Irish men	Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick
What do you call a scent that wanders	An a-roam-a.
What's the difference between your work and your wife	In 5 years, your work will still suck
What do you call a veterinarian that can only work on one animal	A doctor.
What did the candy say as they saw a group of intimidating crackers approach	Cheez It!
What did the canibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped
What do you call a hobosexual	A bum fuck.
What do pedophiles and McDonalds have in common	They are both bad for kids, but *I'm lovin it!*
What do you call a Battlefront without EA	Bttlfront
What do you call a bear in the middle of the road	A bear-icade
What did the alcoholic Dad, away on business, say to the bartender at the hotel bar	I'm ready to partiem with my perdiem *sorry, not a dad, and the bar tender didn't laugh either
What does a jew eat sushi with	Goy sauce
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're a teen.
What's the difference between a hockey player and a redneck girl	A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
What's a sailor's favorite solvent	[Cycloheptane](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycloheptane) -- the Seven Cs.
What's worse than getting dumped by your girlriend	Getting denied by a car when hitch-hiking.
what do you call a fly with no wings	A walk
What do you call a bunch of flies in a beer can	An Outback Vibrator
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor?
What do Canadian women put behind their ears to attract men	Their ankles!
What is Madonna's least favourite band	Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly
What do you call an Italian man without arms	A mute. Sorry if repost.
What time is it when yo mama sits on a chair	Time to buy a new chair.
What do you call a cow that's scared of everything	Coward!
What do you call a math teacher who's really into BDSM	A denominatrix.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog	After a year the dog is still excited to see you.
What's the fastest animal in the world	A chicken crossing Ethiopia. What's the second fastest animal? ... The ethiopian chasing it.
What do you call a smart person in America	A tourist.
What's the difference between your job and your wife	Nobody does your job for you when you're out
What never comes but always leaves	My dates.
What's Brown &amp; Rhymes With Snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a Spanish soccer player with no legs	Grassy-ass
What's the best part about dating a Patriots fan	They don't care if you cheat.
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes	Nothing. You already had to tell her twice.
What is the first symptom of AIDS	A pounding sensation in your ass.
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty six year olds	There's twenty of them. (Works better in spoken format, I know)
What happens when you get too much sun exposure in Switzerland	You get a sun *Bern.*
What do you call a shed full of black people	Antique farm equipment
What did the thief say when he saw the man leave his coat behind	let's jack it.
What did 0 say to 8	Nice belt.
What did 0 say to 8	Nice belt!
What did Snow White say when she came out of the photo booth	Some day my prints will come!
What do you call someone who has to shave 30 times a day	A barber
What do you call people so good at their jobs, they retire because they did everything	The mythbusters and ghostbusters.
What does Batman's mum shout when it's time for dinner	Nothing. She's dead.
What blood type do happy people have	B Positive.
What do you get if you cross a toilet with a pop singer	Loo-Loo !
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off.
What do you call a ghost in the Outback	An Apparigine!
What did one sausage say to the other	You are the wurst.
What do you give someone who is about to tear up	Tape
What do you call a projectile that is very good at finding friends	A homie missile.
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle	Attire.
What's the difference between the Amish and a Ferrari	About 568 horses.
What critically acclaimed movie did Zeus star in	The Godfather
What is the worst thing about being an egg	You only get laid once, and that's by your mother!
What does Bill Cosby and a ninja have in common	You don't see either one coming.
What happens when you come across lion	Wipe it off and say sorry.
What do you get when a ghost takes a crap	Rectoplasm.
What do you call someone who dyes thier hair red	Trans-ginger.
What do the Japanese do when they have an erection	They vote.
What is Michael Bay's favorite move in chess	C4
What did the ISIS leader gift to all his followers	The Samsung Note 7
What looks like a dog sounds like a dog eats like a dog but isn't a dog	A pup.
what was the last thing that went through Jane Wicker's mind	The Ground.
What did the pirate say to the flying prostitute	Land ho!
What's the difference between a raft guide and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family.
What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce on its face	Chicken Caesar salad.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef jerky
What's a mathematicians worst nightmare	An EULer spill
What did one bum cheek say to the other	After all that shit we're still together.
What is a moo hoo for steak that came late	Filet delay!
What does a colour's laugh sound like	Hue hue hue
What do you call a hippie that can't cook	Burning ham!
What do women and bass guitars have in common	You have to slap them for people to think you're a good player
What did the mama pig say to her bad little piglet	Behave or Frankenswine will get you.
What does a grape say when you step on it	Nothing. It just lets out a little wine.
What do you get when you mix a Mexican and an octopus	I don't know, but it sure can wash a lot of dishes.
What famous American filmmaker lived in a safe	Vault Disney
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer	Ash
What does a vending machine and Monica Lewinsky have in common	They both say ""Insert Bill Here
What do you call it when a bunch of druggies talk to each other	Joint-Discussion
What do you get if you cross a firefly and a moth	An insect who can find its way around a dark wardrobe !
What is a ninja's favorite beverage	WA-TAHHHHH! Edit: **notBenstar** and **dogboyboy** are correct... Ninjas are silent killers. So, it should read: ""What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs water skiing	I dont know, but that sounds like a highly improbable circumstance.
What's the first thing you should do when you bring a Thai girl home	Check to make sure your dick is bigger than hers.
What's smokey the bear's middle name	The.
What does a lawyer and a prostitute have in common	They both fuck you for your money.
What do Ginger Baker and strong coffee have in common	They are both terrible without Cream.
What do you call someone who just had sex with a necrophiliac	Sliad.
What's the highest number in the world	420
What's the difference between the space shuttle and a 2.5 kiloton bomb	The crew.
What do you call a cat who steals someone's identity	An impawster.
What's the difference between democracy and feudalism	Q: What's the difference between democracy and feudalism? A: In democracy, your vote counts. In feudalism, your Count votes.
What kind of music does a mummy like	(W)rap music!
What is Helen Keller's favorite color	Corduroy!
What dino was known for having distinguished tastes	A Connosaur
What do you call Kurt Russel playing an archaeologist	Kurt Fossil
What would it take to reunite the Beatles	Two more bullets
What is your favorite Chuck Norris joke	My Favorite, When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone he had three missed calls from Chuck Norris.
What was Captain Picard's favorite kind of train	N-Gauge.
What would you get if you crossed a chicken with a  dog	A hen that lays pooched eggs.
Q: What do you call it when a cat stops	- A: A paws!
What's a word that starts with ""N"" that you don't want to call a black person	Neighbor
What does D.N.A stand for	National Dyslexic Association
What's the difference between a fort and a fortress	A fortress has breastworks.
What sort of activity is eagle hunting classified as these days	ILLEAGLE activity.
What did one slice of bread say to the other at the end of a game of chess	It's stale, mate.
What's a married couples favorite sex position	Doggy Style. The husband sits up and begs, while the wife rolls over and plays dead.
What's big, bounces, and makes little kids cry	My donation check to the orphanage.
What's black and always in the back of a police car	The seat.
What do you call a group of Vigilante Aussie Nuns	Birds of Pray
What did Timmy get for Christmas	Cancer
What do you call the guy you buy your weed from	Your chron-tact.
What a Chinese Restaurant Owner's Preferred License Plate	888 MSG
What does a butler call his employer named mr. Bates	Sir, you fucking pervert!
What did Hitler Drink for breakfast	Jews.
What kind of movies do pirates watch	ARRRR Rated Movies!
What did one snake say to another	Hiss off !
What do cats major in college	String theory!!
What kind of money do polar bears use	Ice lolly !
What do bad dancers have in common with Michael J Fox trying to use the soft serve ice cream machine	They both have a hard time pulling off a twist.
What do you get from a pampered cow	Spoiled milk
What is six inches long has a bald head and drives every woman crazy	100$ bill
What is it called when you kill a friend	Homiecide.... I'll^see^myself^out...
What did the guy with bad internet get	Loading...
What's the worst thing you can do to a blind person	Leave the plunger in the toilet.
What is one food guaranteed to lower a women's sex drive	Wedding cake
What's a cannibal's favourite type of food	Finger food!
What have you got if your pet kangaroo gets into molasses and Indian curry	An Indian goo roo
What do you call tree sap that won't stop running	Forest gunk.
What is the shortest street in the universe	Planckstrasse
What kind of car does Bill Cosby drive	A Honda quaalude. (Credit to my girlfriend)
What's left of a garden after it catches on fire	Chard remains.
What's the difference between a lobster with big boobs and a greyhound bus stop	One is a crusty bus station, one is a busty crustacean.
Q: What breakfast food does Dr. Oz swear by	A: QUACKer Oaths.
What does a Frog use to fish with	A TAD POLE.
What's a porn stars favorite golf course	The inter course.
What do ghosts use to predict the future	Horror-scopes!
What do we want	Low flying plane noises! when do we want em? Nnneeeeeeeeyyyyyoooooowwwww
What does Britain and a dead pig have in common	Both have been fucked by David Cameron.
What's a Drill Sergeant's term for an erection	Penis weakness leaving the body.
What is a recently divorced woman's favorite fruit	Mango!
What do you call a woman who can't make sandwiches	Single.
What did they say about both the winner and the loser of the sock-pairing competition	His pairs are unmatched!
What's a ducks favourite snack	Quackers! **EDIT: Spelling**
What's the difference between anal and oral	Oral will make your whole day, Anal will make your hole weak
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees	The Head Nurse.
What's a sharks favorite game	Swallow the leader. *This joke has been brought to you by my 8 year old's math homework.*
What do you call Iron Man when he is feeling sad	A bit of a Downey
What do disabled people get when there's a fire in the building	Left behind
What do you call a cashew in space	An astronut.
[Fixed] What do you get when you put human DNA in a goat	ISIS
What do you call an old person trying to fit in with today's kids	A dislocated hipster.
What to hear a joke about dementia	Pickles
What do businessmen and pedophiles have in common	They're both uptight cunts.
What does a black guy get after sex	20-30 years in prison
What is red and white and red and white and red and ....	Santa Clause rolling down a hill
What's a jewish man's favourite song	Tanakh Tanakh Tun
What eye cannot see, cannot blink and is bleeding	The browneye. You'll have to guess why its bleeding.
What instrument does the Irish chemist play	The boron.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick into my girlfriend's ass.
What do you call a drug-addicted duck	A quackhead.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off
what was Joan of Arc's hidden talent	She could really cook.
What did the prostitute say after fucking Jesus	Nailed it!
What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas	GLOVES! Just kidding, he hasn't opened the box yet
What do Indians live in	Poverty. :(
What do choosy moms choose	abortion.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A megasaurass.
What's Natalie Portman's favorite element	Thorium.
What does Dr. Oz do when you throw scientific evidence at his head	Ducks like a quack.
what do you get when you give chimp bluetooth	Chimp handsfree
What song do Father Christmas' gnomes sing  to him when he comes home cold on Christmas night	Freeze a jolly good fellow!
What is a mouse's favorite record	'Please cheese me' !
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An investigator.
What is a mortician's favorite side dish	Gravy
What do u call a black abortion	crime control
What does a neckbeard eat when he is in a Mcdonalds in France	Le Big Mac
What do you call a snake that's 3.14 metres long	A thon
What do you call it when your computer gets infected with a keylogger, a rootkit and half a dozen backdoors	A free upgrade
What do you call a helicopter mixed with a rhino	? Well hell-if-i-know!
Whats fun for 9/10 people	gang-rape
What do you call shooting yourself in the face with jiz	Homo-cide
What do you call a fat man trying out a new tempurpedic mattress	The great depression
Q: What is yellow and wears a mask	A: The Lone Lemon.
What is Australian cuisine called	Prison Food Source: 8 out of 10 Cats does Countdown
What style of art was preferred by the Third Reich	Post-Imprussianist.
What do you call a sick bird from Mars	An ill Eagle alien. Original joke created for my 5 year old.
What did Shakespeare name his pet pig	Hamlet.
[Dark humor] What do you call a not-hungry ethiopian	Dead.
Q: What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	A: Wiped his ass.
What do you think Jesus' favorite gun would be	A nail gun
What's the difference between God and a Welder	God doesn't think he's a Welder.
What do nuns do	Nunthing
What belongs in the bank and doesn't exist	My tax refund.
What is the worst part about locking your keys inside your car outside an abortion clinic	Having to go inside and asking for a coat hanger.
What did the dog use to make his kite	Flypaper.
What do you call a gay Jewish and Chinese couple	Christmas dinner every night. Happy holidays reddit!
What is the Kingsman policy on workplace relationships	(OC) Brogues before Hos
What's a donkeys favourite breakfast cereal	Mule-sli
What's the illuminati's favorite month	Jew-Lie
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	De-calf-einated
What's the worst part about being black	Even the name has 'lack' in it
What do ghosts use to phone home	A terror-phone.
What do you get when you cross a Jehova's  witness with a business man	A door to door salesman!
What's the one good thing about pedophiles	They drive slow in school zones
What is the difference between white teenage girls and Muslim teenage girls	White teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
What do you call a dead fowl that is haunting you	A Poltergeese!
What's the difference between my wife and my paycheck	My paycheck comes once a week.
What's red and is bad for your teeth	A brick
What do you call bacon wrapped frog legs	The Muppets
What did the starfish say when it realized that it lost it's ability to regenerate limbs	I can't remember.
What did one car muffler say to the other car muffler	Am I exhausted!
What do potheads do when they see a fire	Stop, drop, and roll
What's the difference between a guy with a vasectomy and a guy without a vasectomy	There's a vas deferens.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common	Neither work when you open windows.
What do you call a dead bee	A was.
What happens when Lucy starts using 100% of her brain	She's almost as smart as a man.
Q: What's purple and goes slam slam slam slam	A: A four door grape.
What do you call a bad circumcision	A rip off..
What is the one thing Spiderman can't eat	Uncle Bens rice.
What did Elton John call his tribute to Mother Teresa	Sandals in the Bin
What do you do if your partner starts smoking	Slow down. Use lube.
What is the most useless superpower	America.
What did the uncircumcised man say during confession	Forgive me father fore I have skinned
Whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies	Your granny
What are the first words Jared Fogle's girlfriend said to him	Would you like to buy some girl scout cookies, sir?
What cheese is not yours	Not your cheese....
What do you call a guy who peeps his peeps	A homeboyeur.
What do you call a hockey line with Connor McDavid, Taylor Hall, and Nail Yakupov	The Lottery Line
What's it called when an oil rig makes an inappropriate joke	Crude humor.
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you	Nacho Cheese.
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and extra virgin olive oil	*thick Italian accent* ""She don't even touch it.
What's the difference between water and gasoline	In Flint Michigan you can get gasoline that is unleaded.
What's the difference between a flatfish and a good woman	The fish doesn't know it's plaice.
What did the horse order at the bar	Chardaneiiiiiiggghhhhh
What's the difference between Catholics and Protestants	Protestants have sects.
What's funnier than a crying baby	A dead baby.
What do you get when you give a head of lettuce to an epileptic	A seizure salad.
What does Sean Connery do with his quiche	He opensh hish doorsh with them.
What do Jewish people drink after they spray tan	Orange Jews.
What do you call someone with down syndrome who is very depressed	Down
What do you call	What do you call 'nuts on a chest'? chestnuts. What do you call 'nuts on a wall'? walnuts. What do you call 'nuts on a chin'? .... A dick in your mouth.
What does A&amp;W stand for	'Amburgers &amp; Woot Beer! Edit: Thanks to my dad for this one.
What do you call a complaining adult	A groan up!
What do you get when you cross a lima bean with a Soviet	A Lenintil...
What does a vegan zombie eat	Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains! ... I'll show myself out...
What happened to the car-salesman who was spamming in r/Germany	He got autobahned
What are some of the perks of living in Switzerland	Well, the flag's a big plus.
what is harry Potter's favorite ice breaker	Scar Stories.
What do you call a number that can't keep still	A roamin' numeral.
What is a chefs weapon of choice	A salt rifle
What's Steve Irwin's least favorite movie	*Ray* (Sorry... Too soon)
Whats a Neckbeard's favorite city in Spain	M'drid
What happens when you eat burgers with onions	Bunions. (written by my 25 year old girlfriend)
What do you call a Jewish vagina	The Labia menorah.
What do anniversaries, toilets and the clitoris have in common	According to women, men usually miss all three.
What was left in the bathroom on the starship Enterprise	The Captain's Log.
What's the worst part of a Ukrainian gas station	When you see the tongue drag across your windshield.
What book do conservative casino workers love	Trump: The Art of the DEAL
What happened to the egg and his girlfriend	They broke up.
What do songwriters do after they die	They decompose
What did one gay man say to another gay man at the bar	May I push in your stool
What do you call a magician in a Dr. Seuss book	Who-dini
What's your favorite word	5-Year-Old: Empathy! I don't even know what it means! Me- I know how you feel.
What do you call a Frenchman with eleven penises	Jean Cocteau
What did one shark say to the other	These Malaysia Airline meals aren't bad.
What did one boob say to the other	You're my breast friend. We have had so many mammaries together.
what did the gay bull say	more cowball!
What kind of bees make the best milk	Boo Bees!
What's the speed limit of sex	68, because if you go 69 you'll flip over and eat it.
What's a dentists favorite time of day	Tooth-Hurty
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*(choking sounds)*
Q: What is the last thing a tossed salad says to itself before being devoured by a human	A: Lettuce pray
What is the most common disease for lettuce	Icebergers
What is a ducks favorite snack	Quackers.
What does Mrs Claus say to Santa when he's not spending enough time with her	You're getting too wrapped up in your work!
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A Fsh
What do you call five African-Americans born together	Triplets.
What's a golfer's favourite song	Fairway to Heaven
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee
What's up	Some movie about an old guy and balloons.
What sea creature is regularly featured in The Walking Dead	CORAL
What was the currency of the Trade Republic of Venice	Dogecoin.
What Do You Call A Masterbating Cow	Beef Stroganoff!
What's the difference between a taliban outpost and an Afghani Elementary school	I don't know, I just fly the drones
What did one Spanish speaking white supremacist say to the other Spanish speaking white supremacist after eating a piece of delicious cake	Que queque!
What's the difference between love and lust	About two-hundred dollars."" - Johnny Carson
What happened to the man running in front of the car	He got tired. What happened to the man running behind the car? He got exhausted.
What did the liberal say to the chicken	Nothing. He's dead. He was shot and killed in a home invasion and did not have any guns to defend himself. Sarah Palin 2016
What is a toilet in Ancient Mexico	Aztec.
What did the mad cow say to the other cow	You don't want beef with me
What a gay spermatozoide says to an other gay sermatozoide	Damn dude i can't See anything through all That Shit.
What do you call a Batman that skips church	Christian Bale
What did Hitler say when he didn't receive enough change from the cashier	This is neinsense!!
What do you call a Vietnamese wedding	A Win-Win situation.
What did the ghost say on December 25th	Scary Christmas!
Q: What is the best way to speak to a ghoul	A: From a long ways away.
what do you call a mexican who lost his car	carlos
What did the dyslexic chemist do	He drank H20, too!
What does spinach and anal sex have in common	If you were forced to have either as a child you are unlikely to enjoy it as an adult.
What do a woman and a grenade have in common	Pull off the ring and the house is gone.
What's the definition of irony	An incongruity between expectation and result.
What do gay midgets have that other gays don't	(OC) Clean knees
What's red, round and goes up and down, up and down	A tomato in an elevator
What was Hitler's least favorite drink	Juice
What did the dad buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school	Bison
What did the Hurricane say to the Palm tree	Hold onto your nuts this ain't going to be any ordinary Blow Job!!
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his bottom.
What do colorblind people say to the unexpected	Well that came out of the purple
What do you say when your TV is floating in the night	Drop it, nigga.
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted
What is a pirates favourite material	Yarrrn
What do you call a rabbit in a beanie and listening to vinyl	A Hopster.
What's a cats favorite song	3 blind mice
What do you get when you mix a rat and an elephant	Who cares? It's a relephant.
What is a Germans favorite letter	Any letter before the last. Because they're not 'z's
What do you call it when an author catches you off guard with innuendo	Surprise subtext.
What's a pirate's favourite amino acid	Arrrginine
What do you get when you cross an Owl and a Rooster	A cock that stays up all night.
What's the difference	What's the difference between getting your girlfriend pregnant and asking how her day went? There is no difference, you always regret both!
What's the hardest thing about learning to ride  a horse	The ground!
What did the slug say as he slipped  down the window very fast	How slime flies!
What does Che Guevara call his house	Chez Guevara
What did the tectonic plate say when it had a collision	It's not my fault.
What is Reddit's favorite pirate	Neckbeard
What's the difference between oral and rectal thermometers	The taste.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	A pickpocket snatches watches.
What do you call it when you smoke weed and work out at the same time	Getting all high and mighty
What does a traffic light tells to another traffic light	Dont look at me I'm changing
What's the good word	Legs. Spread the word!
What do you get when you put 50 Politicians in a room with 50 lesbians	100 cunts that don't do dick.
What kind of peanuts get warts	Planters.
What's half of a tuba	A oneba.
What's the best way to pack a dead person in a cardboard box	Body centered cubic
Whats you favorite Christmas joke	I know this is an unorthodox post, but, I would love to hear your favorites!
What did the overweight ballet dancer perform	The dance of the sugar plump fairy !
What's red and smells like yellow paint	Red paint
What do you call having anal sex with a dick piercing	NSFW Prince Albert in a can
What do you call a frozen swine lavatory	A pigloo I'll see myself out.
What happens when Kim Jong-un gets sick	He turns into Kim Jong-ill!
What do you call someone who swings both ways	A child, it's a child on a swing you fuckin' sicko; get outta here
What did Kim say when she found an armpit hair in her margarine container	... I can't believe it's not butt-hair
What do you call a black detective	Sherlock Homie
What does a cow use to solve math problems	A *cow*culater. I made it up myself, so don't groan at the pun.
[NSFW] What do a pizza delivery person and a gynecologist have in common	They both get to smell it, but can't eat it.
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple	A pimple will wait until puberty before it comes on a boy's face!
What does a can of tuna say	Premium flaked tuna Best before dd/mm/yy
What do epidemiologists do	How about kinesiologists? Study epidemies....and kinesies.
What is a Pirate's favorite letter	U, for Unoriginal Joke.
What do you call a Mexican with no legs	Cuntswaylow.
What's the difference between a woman and a bowl of ramen noodles	A bowl of ramen noodles is actually ready in 5 minutes.
What's a Jedi's favorite brand of vodka	Skyy. Only Sith deal in Absolut.
What's the plural of ""Referendum""	Riots.
What's the difference between LSD and my dad	LSD doesn't need to be drunk to hit me.
What do you call Santa living at the South Pole	A lost clause.
What do ISIS and Little Miss Muffett have in common	They both have curds in their whey!
What do the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Titanic have in common	They both look good until they hit the ice.
What's the difference between a dragon and a cheap hooker	One of them blows fire.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaaaaaayyyyy! Sounds better with a stereotypical SOA biker voice. I'll show myself out.
What was the first thing Hellen Keller noticed at the beach	The volleyball net.
What do you call a spoiled cow	Chunky
What is another difference between a circus and a whorehouse	My husband doesn't go to the circus
What is the difference between a Mother and Wife	One woman brings you into this world crying and the other ensures you continue to do so.
What do you call a graduated spider	A Web Designer
What do you call a fight between an illegal immigrant and a child molester	Alien Vs. Predator
What do you get when you cross an octopus and a cow	A stern letter from the ethics committee and an immediate cessation of funding. *stolen from I Fucking Love Science
What's the best benefit of working for ISIS	early retirement
What do Donald Trump and his chromosomes have in common	There is one too many of them.
What did one testicle say to the other testicle	This guy in middle is a dick.
What's the difference between a black guy and a bench	The bench can support a family.
What do refugees drink	Foreignade.
WHAT DO YOU CALL...... Q: WHAT DO YOU CALL IT WHEN SOMEONE FARTS IN A GAY BAR	A: A PICK UP LINE
What be a Pirates favorite letter	Ye all must be willin' to guess Arrrr. But ye be wrong! It be the Sea! Yearha har har har
What did Cinderella do when she finally got to the ball	Choke.
What do you call a wireless network that goes down	A wireless notwork
What do you do after raping a blind, deaf and mute girl	Break her fingers so she can't tell anyone.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a WWI soldier	A WWI soldier has a reason for shooting himself in the foot.
What's the difference between England and an egg cup	An egg can stay in the cup longer
What did Adele say when asked where her dog is	Groomer has it
What was Cher doing before she was born	She was a preacher.
What did one leper say to another	Got yer nose!
What do computers snack on	micro chips
What do you call these cats	What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.
What's a doll in Hell called	Barbiecue.
What's the difference between a guitar player and a savings bond	Eventually the savings bond will mature and begin to earn money.
What's the difference between an auto-corrected exclamation of amazement and an act of liking men	One is ducking sick, the other is sucking d...
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics	Not being retarded.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A ""Lickalotofpuss"".
What do women and linoleum have in common	If you lay them just right you can walk on them for years.
What do Comcast and a bunch of ferrets named Jenny have in common	They're both a pretty shitty business.
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse	About 204 days.
What do you call a women that catches fish	Annette
What do you call the guy who envies his friend's gelatin	Jello-us
What did the bad soccer announcer get in his stocking	COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
What do you call two siblings that take your money	Fine brothers
What Does Every Pirate Hate	A small chest with no booty.
What do you call a nymphomaniac graffiti artist	Bonksy
What's Hitler's favorite football team	Forty NEIN ers.
What did phenolphthalein do when he couldn't understand his Chemistry homework	He just added Acetic Acid until it became clear.
What happened when the slave put his head into a lions mouth to count how many teeth he had	The lion closed its mouth to see how many heads the slave had !
What do you call a priest's sermon that takes too long	The Reverending Story
What do you get if you ask a bear to spare some of his salmon	The Bear Glare.
What do you call a smart chromosome	A gene-ius
What's the difference between a wealthy man wearing a tux and riding a bike and a hobo in torn jeans and shirt riding a unicycle	Attire.
What happened to the Jew who ran into the wall with a boner....	....He broke his nose
What's the difference between a Chilean mining company and a Catholic priest	One gets their miners stuck in a shaft, and the other gets his shaft stuck in a minor.
What do you call a chicken at the north pole	Lost.
What's Harley Quinn's favourite rap group	Insane Clown Pussy.
What did one buttcheck say to the other buttcheck	After all the shit that has been between us, we will never be apart.
What have Disney and the U.K. got in common	Both dropped the EU And screwed over a lot of people
What is long, green, and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's fingers.
What is a suicide bombers worse fear	Dying alone...
What do nature and dogs have in common	They both abhor a vacuum.
Q: What do you call a drummer in a three piece suit	A: The defendant.
What do you call a Deer with no eyes	No eye Deer
What happened to the concussed gravedigger	He lost the plot.
What did the midget get when he ran under the strippers legs	A flap in the face.
What do ladles and crackwhores have in common	They come in multiple sizes and move a lot of hot fluids.
What kind of bath can you take without water	A sun bath.
What did the mouse say to the webcam	Cheese.
What do you get if you cross a telephone with an iron	A smooth operator!
What do you call it when Oxygen and Nitrogen train at the gym together	Air conditioning
What does a man with a cow under his nose have	A moostache (That was udderly terrible)
What does fast and furious 5 and the walking dead have in common	They both have dead walkers.
What does Beyonce bake her cookies on	Aluminatti foil
What's the difference between a saxophone and a chainsaw	You can tune a chainsaw.
What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A miner.
What do you do if you see a fireman	You put it out, man!
What's North Koreas favorite drinking game	Pong-Yang.
What is the best way to lose money	A: Lend it to Greece.
What's is the difference between a Lamborghini and a boner	I don't have a boner right now. -Hugh Hefner, probably
What does Dracula write on his Christmas  cards	Best vicious of the season
What two words would passengers never want to hear a pilot say	Allahu akbar
What is the easiest way to kill a frenchman	Break his neck by slamming down the toilet seat, while he is drinking. - Otto von Bismarck
Whats the favored pasta dish among ISIL members	Baked Yazidi............ I know where I'm going after this life :(
What's the difference between my bike and your mom	Your dad doesn't watch when I ride my bike.
What do you get if you cross a Beatle and an  Australian dog	Dingo Starr !
What's a ghost's favorite type of porn	Boookakke!
What did Hermoine say when she found out she's pregnant	Fetus Abortus!
What city has the biggest amount of mistakes per capita	Uppsala
What do you call an aardvark in a frying pan	A lardvark!
What's the difference between a pianist and a penis	One tickles the ivories and one tickles the ovaries.
What rock group has 4 members that don't sing	Mount Rushmore
What happens when a cannibal decides to go vegan	They start eating vegetables.
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I'm not sure, but their flag is a big plus.
What do you call a turkey that blows chickens	A cock gobbler
What is a shark's favorite illegal substance	Reefer!
What is jewish Pokemontrainer called	Ash
What's the most immature gaming console	Ninutendo 69
What do you call 100 dead lawyers at the bottom of the ocean	A great start
What do you call a group of ears	A heard
What is the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents that you are gay. (I'm a terrible person.)
What do you get a man who has everything	A good urologist.
What's blue and white and can't climb trees	A fridge with a denim jacket on
What was the best thing about Jesus' crucifixion	Well, the cross was a big plus
What is a blonde's favorite color	Glitter.
What's the difference between autumn and fall	The twin towers didn't autumn
Whats the first thing a woman does when she gets to the battered shelter	The dishes if she knows whats good for her.
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quicksand	quatro cinco
What is Steve Job's favorite food	*Nothing because he's dead*
What is it called when two tectonic plates have a romantic relationship	Subduction!
What do you call a Batman that leaves church early	A Christian bail
What do you call a rabbit with no clothes on	A bare hare.
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What did the Chinese fisherman say to his at-risk son	Stay on the junk, and you'll go far.
Q: What do you say to an alien with two heads	A: Hello. Hello.
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast in infection	A Quarter Pounder with cheese! Yum Yum
What do you call two Filipino pilots	A pair of pliers
What's the name of the Mexican woman with no legs	Cuntswaylow
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon	One is fun to smash with a baseball bat and the other is just.... Well... A watermelon.
What's green and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What's the difference between the Chinese and Germans	The Chinese rike and the Germans Reich.
What do you call a muslim body builder	A protein sheikh
What is the most effective form of birth control	Abortions.
What do you call the High Sparrow who is caught molesting kids	The Deviated Septon.
What's the internal body temperature of a tauntaun	Luke warm.
What is the Great Gatsby's favorite superhero	Green Lantern. His least favorite? Deadpool.
What's Hillary Clinton's key to success	The Delete Key
What's Harambe's favourite retail store	Target
What if ""baby daddy"" meant a father who was actually a very small baby	A little baby dad. Baby Dad, coming this fall to ABC Wednesday night
What do you call a crushed angle	A RECTANGLE !
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pump kin hope its not a repost - its one of my old favs
What's difference between dollars and Jews	I'd give a shit if I lost 6 million dollars.
What is an obstetrician's favorite part of the ocean	It's the sea section.
What's in a divorce fruit salad	alemony
What do you call a woman who dyes her hair red	Transginger.
What has 100 legs and 3 teeth	A centipede on meth.
What's a Polar Bear's favourite soup	A laksa.
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist	One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
What is the name of the charity organization that kills 90% of all of its ""rescues""	Make a Wish Foundation
What do you call an illegally parked frog	Toad.
what did the man say when he couldn't get frea with his dog	oops, forgot the ky
What does a Muslim magician say before his trick	Araba-cadabra
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	A pilot
What do you call a Mexican vs a Mexican in basketball	Juan on Juan
What word starts with F and ends in uck	Firetruck. The answer is Firetruck.
What's the difference between a man-whore and Santa Claus	Santa stops after three ""hoes
What do you call Stephen Hawking rolling away from an explosion	Hot wheels (First joke, hope you like it.)
What do you call an orgy with drummers	A gang bang.
What kind of food do zombies hate	Fast food
Whats the difference between you and a bucket of turds	The bucket
What's the policy at French morgues	Baguette and tag it.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long	Polaroids.
What does it look like when someone is drowning	lol
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work	A stick.
What brand of Vacuum Cleaner does Snoop Dogg use	Bissell
What's best about hiring an immigrant midget	You pay them under the table ;)
What do you get if you cross a snake and a lego  set	A boa constructor !
What do you call a black pilot	A pilot, you fuckin racist.
What do you call a criminal with an STD	A herpetrator.
What's more fun than nailing dead babies to a wall	Scraping them back off
What happens when lawyers die	They lie still.
What do you call an archer who got his arms cut off	Deranged.
What do you call the operation that turns a woman into a man	An addadictamie.
What did the 3 tampons say when they walked past you	Nothing! They were all stuck up bitches...
What do Augusto Pinochet and New Guns n Roses have in common	They've both committed atrocities in South American stadiums.
What's better than winning gold at the Special Olympics	Not being retarded.
What did the diver say to the oyster	I want that pearl! Don't be shellfish!
Q: What do you get if you cross a skunk with a boomerang	A: A nasty smell that you can't get rid of.
What do you call a group of yogurt loving boat enthusiast	A Yacult...
What's a bridges favourite genre of film	Suspense tion
What does a casino and a prostitute have in common	They both fuck people for money.
What gives a gorilla good taste	Four years in an Ivy League school!
What's the difference between your momma and a mallard with a cold	One's a sick duck, and I forget the rest of the joke but your mother's a whore.
What did the bra say to the hat	Go on ahead I'll give these two a lift
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke	Yours.
What do you call a smug prisoner walking down stairs	A condescending con descending
What's the difference between Cottage Cheese and Cream Cheese	I didn't cottage in my pants
What kind of fish is the worst friend	The Sel-Fish
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
What kind of beer does a cow brew	Heifer-weizen.
What was the last thing Robin Williams said to his wife	You go on to bed, I'm just going to hang here a while.
What sis Selenium say to Xenon	U SeXe.
What do you call a half-length lightsabre	A slightsabre
What does a black guy do after sex	15 to life.
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug dealer	one can wash their crack and re-sell it!
What do you call an Indian dating service	Connect the dots.
What kind of dog is best at keeping secrets	hush puppies
What do you find in between the tits of an old woman that you won't find in between those of a young woman	A belly button.
What's the best way to reheat turkey	Nuke it.
What did the man say when he got a big phone bill	Who said talk is cheap?
What do you get if you cross a Sociologist with someone in the Mafia	An offer you can't understand.
What do you call crystal clear urine	1080pee
What's the difference between LIGHT and HARD	You can sleep with a light on.
What do you call a French General who charged into battle and died	Napoleon Blownaparte
What's the Difference Between A Condom and Your Mother	A condom wasn't on my dick last night.
What do Palestinians and Taylor Swift have in similarity	They both shake it off.
What movie aspect ratio do cats prefer	Litterbox.
What does the Cajun ghost say	Beaux!
What does a Vulcan lawnmower need to function	A spock plug.
What's a young monkey's favorite time of the school day	Rhesus.
What do you call a roman emperor with epilepsy	Julius Seizure
What did the blonde's left leg say to the right leg	Between us, I think we can make a lot of money!
What's blue and doesn't fit	A dead epileptic.
What do you call a snowman that frequently has sexual intercourse	A snowplow.
What stops rape every single time	Consent
What did Spock find in the toilet	The captains log!
What did the boy say when his dog died	I'm gonna miss you buddy, you were my best friend.
What did the mathematician say to the lumberjack drummer	I really like your logger rhythm!
What do communists do on May Day	Paint the town red.
What was the General's answer... to the President's inquiry, as to what military division has been most under appreciated during his term	Tanks, Obama.
What was Hitler's favorite kind of juice	Concentrated.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
What's the difference between hungry and horny	(NSFW) Where you put the cucumber.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters	Orange Is The New Black
What do you call a Mexican riding a bike	Wow. You guys are some racist fucks. He's a bike rider. On a bike he probably stole.
What gave Hitler a heart attack	Seeing his gas bill
What's Adam Sandler's favorite salsa	Medium Pace
What are Holocaust Deniers celebrating timorrow	The Fourth of Jew Lie!!!!
What does a rabbi do when life gives him lemons	Makes hacidic jews
What mouse was a Roman emperor	Julius Cheeser !
What is the oldest joke we have on record	(X-post) http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/2krnv8/what_is_the_oldest_joke_we_have_on_record/
What blood type do people from Taiwan have	Taipei
What fever did Joe Dirt catch on vacation after getting bit by a mosquito	Deeeeeeeeeeengue
What does a white girl with a lisp say	Yaaathh
What's the difference between Eric cartman and deez nuts	One is a dick from Southpark, the other parks south of my dick
What did the policeman say to his belly button	You're under a vest!
Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What's easier to pick up the heavier they get	Women
What is this the difference between America and Greece	15 years.
What do you call a black person that flies a plane	...A pilot you racist piece of shit.
What does a chemist say when he needs someone to pass the salt	Please pass the salt.
What does a strong shoulder do when it doesn't know how to get any stronger	Shrugs.
What did the vinaigrette say to the refrigerator	Close the door! I'm dressing!
What is a Pokemon's favourite place to go in France	Paras
What do you call a privileged post office	Cis White Mail
What is the correct way to refer to an OP who resides in Europe	The Continental OP.
What is space like without a space suit	Breathtaking
What has 2 legs and bleeds	Half a dog.
What is the difference between a drinking establishment and an elephant's fart	One is a bar-room and the other is a BAROOOM!
What do you call a fruit that isn't allowed to marry	A cantelope
What does a baker wear on his feet	Loafers.
What do you call really mean grass	*Agrassive*
What do you get for opening the BEST Vietnamese soup joint in London	A great big pho queue.
What do you get if you cross a brown chicken and a brown cow	Brown-chicken-brown-coooow [sounding like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3R0aM2QHiFU)
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message .
What the japanese version of mission impossible	Miso impossible
What did that cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wiped his ass
What does as electronic engineer make for breakfast	Ohmlettes
What's the biggest lie on the internet	Thank you for **choosing** Comcast."" Edit: fuck it, let's hear all the biggest lies you people know. Yes, I mean *you people*.
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	Its going to take me a while to get hard because I was just laid.
what do use to lure really big fish	master bait
What's everyone's favorite past time, that always has the same outcome, yet does not have an arena or a proper league	Five on one.
What did the flight attendant say to get the attention of the plane full of Kim Basinger clones	Attention Basingers"" hahaha
What type of car does a dinosaur drive	a priustoric!
What do you call it when a bunch of stoned poets overthrow the government	A Haiku.
What's the difference between a snow man and a snow woman	Snow balls
What do Saiyans and Kelly Clarkson have in common	(x-post r/funny) What doesn't kill them, makes them stronger.
What do you get when you cross a Dachshund, a Schnauzer, a Shih Tzu, and a Poodle	A Wienerschnitzel.
What do you call a sleepy Tumblr user	Napkin.
What is the hardest part of cuting a baby in half with a straight razor	My erection.
Whats the difference between a performance by a female pornstar and an act by an escape artist	One is a cunning stunt, the other has a stunning cunt.
Whats brown and sounds like a bell	DUUUUUuU^nnnnnnnggggg^nnnnggg^nnnggg^nnnggg
What do you call a positive transformer	Optimist Prime
What question must always be answered ""Yes""	What does Y-E-S spell?
What grows on the World Wide Web and stings	Internettles.
What's the only type of dog that doesn't bark	A dogfish!
What Do You Call A Winery In Alabama	Vineyard Skynyrd
What did the dad say when his daughter gave him gravel for his birthday	Thanks for sediments
Q: What's the difference between Jesus and  a picture of Jesus	A: It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What do you get if you cross Dracula with a  snail	The world's slowest vampire.
What do you call a white man on fire	A firecracker!
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	High definition Edit: Thanks Reddit for the upvotes, I'm glad you guys finally liked something that I posted. Thanks internet!
What do you say if you're testing a new firearm	I'll take a shot
What do nine out of ten people agree on	Gang rape.
What do the Dallas Cowboys and the Rev. Billie Graham have in common	Both can make 70,000 people stand up and shout ""JESUS CHRIST!
What does FEMINISM stands for	**F**ighting **E**quality and **M**en to **I**nstitutionalize **N**arcissism and **I**gnorance and **S**top **M**eritocracy
What made the triangle high	Potenuse Credit: Key and Peele. I don't want to be like that kid in class.
What kind of jokestuff do farmers like	Corny jokes.
What do you call Judge Judy when she dresses like a vampire	Cunt Dracula
What's better than four roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ.
What do a short sighted Gynaecologist and a puppy have in common	A wet nose..
What song do they play at a Jehovah's witness funeral	Knock, knock, knockin on Heavens door
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my chest
What commercials are the longest	Viagra
What do you call a midget psychic wanted for murder	A small medium at large.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
What is a hairdresser's favorite herb	Salontro
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job.
What do you call someone who begs for a free copy of ""Return Of The King""	A free-LOTR
What did the computer say to the virus	scRAM
What event do the Porn Olympics and Summer Olympics share	Skeet Shooting
What do you call a mushroom who strongly believes in radical Islamism	a fungimentalist
What's the difference between Jack Daniel's and General Custer	Jack Daniel's is still killing Indians
What do you call a sauna massage	A saussage
What do zombie college students eat	Raw-men
What do you call a brewer's first beer	A rough draft.
What do you call a fusion between Batman and Superman	The krypton-knight.
What did the flower say to the bicycle	Petal.
What happens if you eat a hot frog	You'll croak in no time !
Whats the worst thing about being dyslexic and having ADHD	You think you've got AIDS
What US state has a lot of dirty laundry	Washington
What did the oven tell the slice of bread	You're *toast*!
What was the preferred magazine of the bear that hung out behind the library	Digest Readers.
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Use lubricant.
What do you find in a zombie's veins	Dead blood corpuscles.
What do call a bad haircut you got from a Native American	A-patchy scalping Edit: Changed haircut to scalping. Because that's what I came up with this morning.
What happens when Peter Pan tries to throws punches	They Neverland.
What is a kinda cool vegetable	Radish
What is Shakespeare's favourite snack	Hamlet du fromage
What do you call a vegetarian that eats seafood	An omnivore
What did the Asian guy say about all the recent celebrity deaths	They're dropping like Freys!
What's red and smells like paint	Red paint
What did Oscar Pistorius say when his cellmate asked him how he ended up in prison	I'm stumped.
What do you call a fish with no eye	A fsh.
What shoes does ninjas use	Sneakers.
What noise does a Hebrew train make	Jew jew!
What do you call 2 White Girls + A Starbucks	Basic Math
What's the one thing pacifism and Hinduism have in common	Those who practice them don't want any beef with people.
What do you call a second-place winner at a pun competition	a punner-up.
What's a skunk's favourite game  in school	Show and smell!
What do communist leaders call protesters	Red paint.
What do you call a chicken coup with more than two doors	A chicken sedan.
What do you call a prostitutes first day on the job	A Grand Opening
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What did the magician's assistant say to the magician after the show	Thanks for halving me.
What's the first step to making your favorite Jewish dish	Preheat the oven
What's the difference between a rooster and a lawyer	The rooster's primal urge is to cluck defiance.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken. Edited for spelling, even though the guy was a stuffy old turd about it. :D HEYOOO
What happens if a line doesn't get enough Vitamin C	It gets curvy.
What has 2 legs and bleeds a lot	Half a cat.
What's the difference between a rabbi and a priest	The rabbi cuts them off, the priest sucks them off.
What do you call a sinking ship from BP's Mexico division	A Pedro leak.
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common	By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
What do black people drink during the Holiday Season	Nignog
What's a baby hen called	Chic hen
What is the opposite of an autistic	A Socialist.
Whats the difference between an egg and a wank	You can beat an egg.
What's the difference between a homeless man and a trash can	One of them gets taken in every once in a while.
What does a computer eat when it's hungry	Chips -- one byte at a time.
What's the difference	What's the difference between jam and jelly? I CANT JELLY MY COCK DOWN YOUR THROAT!!!
What instant coffee and Sasha Grey have in common	3 in 1
What is one item which has never been affected by inflation	Deer's Balls There are always under a buck
What did the man in a rush say to his bowel movement	I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOUR SHIT.
What do a zip lock bag and a walrus have on common	They both like a tight seal
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon	He got lemonaids.
What's the Welsh word for shearing a sheep	Foreplay
What did the golfer say to his buddy when he hit a bogey	I guess you aren't up to par
What do you call an Arab who flies a plane	A pilot, you racist motherfucker.
What was the name of the Polish limo driver	Piccop Andropoff.
What is the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker.. And a prostitute with diarrhea..	An epileptic oyster shucker, shucks between fits..
What is a rapists favourite vegetable	Beat-root
what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	a gang rape
What is it called when you kill a good friend of yours	Homiecide
What's a Norwegian's favourite car	A Fjord Fjesta
What do you call women who are faster than me	Virgins. Sorry if it's a repost, I'm fairly new here.
What's black and blue and hates sex	... a rape victim
What do you call a drink with problems	Dilemmanade
What kind of weed do reptiles smoke	Mariguana.
What do Ethiopian's and a pair of jeans have in common	They both have flies on them.
[interview at winery] What strengths do you bring to the job	*long pause while Jesus glares at interviewer* Are you being serious right now
What do you call a fat Chinese person	Double Chin
What's black, white, and red all over	White emo kids.
What's the difference between a woman in the bath and a woman at church	Well... the woman at church has hope in her soul.
What do you call a (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle	Thief. What do you call TWO (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle? Organized crime.
What do you call an anti-diuretic wine	Penot More
What did Sean Connery say when he noticed that there wasn't any electricity in the Pennsylvania countryside	Shomething'sh Amish...
What do you call a black person flying an airplane	A pilot, you fucking racist!
What's it like being frozen to absolute zero	It's 0K.
What is black and smells like blue paint	Black paint.
Q: What is the difference between a dog and a viola	A: The dog knows when to stop scratching.
What is the difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist	You can negotiate with terrorists
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly your cock into a girls mouth
What's a lawyer's favourite pastry	Suet
What do you call it when you grind your teeth because you are bugged you forgot your dental floss	Flossless compression!
What does a rich fat Englishman gain	Lots of Pounds.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Tragic.
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun	Lukewarm.
[NSFW] What's long, cylindrical, hard, full of semen and can make a woman scream	The sock under your bed.
What do iPhones eat for breakfast	Siri-al
What kind of shorts do clouds wear	Thunderwear
What is the South American Music Scale	Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti No (This is a joke I wrote a loooonnngg time ago, tell me what you think.)
What's the difference between a Mexican and a park Bench	The bench can support a family.
What was the last thing that the homeless man heard before becoming a giant	Go big or go home
What's the difference between a leprechaun and a hooker with 5 STD's	Well one of them is a cunning runt.
What was the philosopher's last thought before he descended into quicksand	I sink therefore I am.
What do you call a politically powerful shrub in Jamaica	A hegemon.
What's an author's favorite drink	Tequila Mockingbird. (Yes I know it's horrible :P)
What's the cleanest country in the world (in the eyes of the Germans	) Nigeria.
What did the Scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of Helium	HeHe
What did the drowning number theorist yell	LOG LOG LOG LOG
What kind of fish does Google have in their lobby	[betta]s
What do you call a knighted cow	Sir Loin
What shoe size does a quadriplegic wear	26"" rims
Q: What's black white and read all over	A: A newspaper.
What do you call a psychic dwarf that escapes from a prison	A small medium at large.
what do you call a small woman with no nipples	pointless.
What did UK say while leaving	It's not EU, it's me
What is the difference... What is the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at three hoes.
What's Bigfoot's favourite exercise in the gym	Sasquats
What does Santa and Hackers have in common	They both steal cookies ;)
What European city is home to the most Indians	Buddha-pest.
What has four legs and quacks	A paradox
What did the Chinese food say to the patron	Please, don't eat me! I'm Egg Foo Yung to die!
What did Noah name the carpentry supply store he set up in Little Rock	Ark-n-Saw.
What do you get when you cross an East African terrorist organisation with a fast food delicacy	Al-Kebab
Whats the best way to get over a girl	Get under another one
What do pennies and fat chicks have in common	Unless you're broke and desperate, they're not worth picking up.
What do you call a French human delicacy	Estruckgo I came up with this while drinking french vodka. I am a horrible person when i drink french vodka.
What's the longest piece of furniture in the  school	The multiplication table.
What's long, brown, and sticky	A stick.
What do you call an italian hooker (with part 2) A pastatute Where does a pastatute live	The spaghetto
What's the best part of a redneck brothel	The family discount
What has four legs and can fly	Two Birds!
What do you call an amputee that can't answer riddles	Stumped
What did Hagrid say to Harry Potter after Harry had a mishap with some potions	You're a lizard Harry!
What does the world of politics have in common with my toilet	They're both clogged with shit.
What does walking on a broken suspension bridge and getting head by a gay-guy have in common	It goes well aslong as you don't look down.
What's the difference between illegal and unlawful	One is against the law, the other is a sick bird. Thanks folks, tip your waitresses I'll be here all day!
What is the difference between a human and a potato	Time
What do you call a man without shins	Tony. (A joke created by a non-redditing friend)
What do you call a bunny in a kilt	A hopscotch
What does a confused owl say	What? --- ^^^as ^^^enjoyed ^^^by ^^^/u/Traetus ^^^[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2qws98/i_used_to_have_sex_daily/cnao23o?context=3)
What do you get if you cross a  hairdresser with a werewolf	A monster with an all-over perm.
What do you call a steak that is cooked wrong	A mistake
What do you call a used rubber in a church parking lot	Family practice
What do you call a group of eight cowards	Octopussies.
What do you call a sapling in the military	An Infantry! (Infant tree, a sapling is a baby/young tree? Ah forget it!)
What do you call a black man being killed by the police	A warning shot.
What did the whistleblower say after the blizzard in Russia	I'm Snowden!
Whats the difference between a genie and a genius	A genie grants wishes, while a genius wishes for grants. Source: http://explosm.net/comics/3155/
What do you call a German Pregnancy	A kinder surprise
What did one radical muslim say to the other after a successful day of bombings	Jihad a chance, and you blew it.
Q: What's a frog's favorite drink	A: Croaka Cola.
What food can tell you if a girl is pregnant	Chickpea
What do you call an unemployed Nazi	Laid-off Hitler!
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wiped.
What's the difference between an old-time organ grinder and a heroin addict	One has a monkey on a leash and the other has a monkey on his back.
What's white and 12 inches	? Nothing
What's worse than paper tits	Cardboard box.
What kind of fruit can't get married	A Cantleope
What do you get if you let your child dress up as Link for Halloween and they eat to much candy	A hyper-Link!
What do you call a therapist	a TALKtor
What kind of toothpaste do MLG use	Pretty much anything, just no Scope.
What did Santa say when he went to a brothel	Hoe hoe hoe!
What is heavy forwards and not backwards	ton
What happened to the dog that ate nothing but garlic	His bark was much worse than it's bite !
What do you call a blowjob from a short person	A low blow
What do you call a monkey holding a stick of dynamite	A Baboom!
What do Subway and Chuck E Cheese's have in common	Shitty food.
What do you call the baseball team made out of Pokemon	The New York Mankeys!
What do you call one of Santa's helpers	A subordinate clause
What did the peasant say when he went surfing in the Russian Revolution	Serf's up!
What did the pirate say after his first-mate stuck the wheel in his pants	ARGHH! You're driving me nuts!
Whats a baby's favourite temperature	Womb tempertaure
What's the difference between a musician and a bag of rice	The bag of rice can feed a family of four.
What do you call a snobby criminal going downstairs	A condescending con descending
What's the best way to keep water from running	Don't pay the water bill.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face
What do ghosts like about riding horses	Ghoulloping.
What do you call a group of zombies watching The Sixth Sense while on a cruise	High Seas Dead People
What do you get when you mix human DNA with zebra DNA	Kicked out of the zoo.
What do you call a normal potato	A commentator
What do broccoli and anal sex have in common	If you didn't like it as a kid, you probably don't like it as an adult.
What's the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant girl	You can unscrew a lightbulb.
What do you call a flying Jedi	A skywalker. (I'm really sorry)
What do you call a white woman that identifies as black	TransRachel - credit Jennie
What do you call a dead guy hanging on your wall	Art.
What's red and moves up and down	A tomato in an elevator :)
What do you say to someone who just uttered a tired, old reddit catch-phrase	I see what you did there
What does Pikachu say when he puts too much salsa on his food	PIKA PIKA PIKA (Credit to my 5 year old son)
what do you call two crows sitting on a fence	attempted murder
What do you call a four about four	A meta-four.
What do you call a literary fish	Salmon Rushdie!
What did the water say to the boat	Nothing. It just waved.
What is the definition of stalking	When two people takes a long, romantic walk on the beach, but only one of them knows about it
What' the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps can finish a race
What's the difference between a magicians wand and a police baton	The magician's wand is used for cunning stunts
What's the difference between a 6 year old and a 16 year old	Which hole they stick their finger in when no-one's looking.
What kind of meat do priests eat	Nun.
what gets uglier the more you watch it	yo momma stripping
What do you do with dead chemists	Barium
What is the difference between Kanye West and God	God doesn't think that He's Kanye.
What sound did the slot machine make when the Chinese person won the jackpot	Cha-chink!
What is the best thing about kids	Making them!
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	You can't make a vita-min. But you can make a hor-mone!
What does a perverted frog say	Rubbit.
What is it called when you sleep talk about your subconscious feelings	A Freudian Sleep.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A megasoreass
What's your favorite stereotype	Mine is the boom box.
What did Tony Abbott do when he heard Denmark had surplus wind power	Cut funding for wind power in Australia
What be a pirate's favorite letter	Ayy, you think it be ""r"" but it really be the ""c"".
What is the difference between an abusive relationship and The Chainsmokers	Nothing, The hits keep coming
What time was it when Jared got fired	When the big hand touched the little hand
What do you call snacks served at a brothel	whore d'oeuvres
What's Gordon Ramsey's favorite film	IT'S FUCKING FROZEN!!
What sound do two photons make when they hit each other	\*Planck!*
Q: What dinosaur loves pancakes	A: A tri-syrup-tops.
What's the favorite whiskey of Unidan	Jackdaw Niel's
What does a clock do when it's still hungry	It goes back for seconds!
What do you call a cat wearing shoes	Puss in boots !
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes 1 nail to hang up the picture.
What do you call a Canadian rap group	Poutine Clan
What does a priest and McDonalds have in common	They both like to stick meat in their 10 year old buns.
What sound does Reddit make when it blows up	Pao! Edit: Whoa, FP *and* gold. Thank you!
What's 6.9	The share one gets in an oral-sex tensome.
What kind of haircut does the black judge have	Jury Curls
What do your mom and monkeys have in common	Macaque
Whats The Difference Between a Hobo On a Unicycle And a Man In a Suit On a Bike	A tire.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a seven year old	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window. EDIT: Damn it he was four
What do Volkswagen and a boy going through puberty have in common	They both lie about their emissions.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a Twinkie	Twinkies can cause a national upset.
What do nutrition labels and tumblr have in common	They're both full of trans fats
What did the sushi say to the bee	WASABI
Q: What makes a chef sadder the skinnier it gets	A: An onion.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning	Walks home.
What did they find floating in the toilet of the S.S Enterprise	Captains Log
What can relax you and drown you at the same time	A one-hour facial.
What do you tell someone annoying you need a moment	One sec, cunt.
What do you call a man who expects to have sex on the second date	Slow.
What did Hitler drink, as a child	Jews!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs laying in a pile of leaves	Russel.
What is 6.9	A wonderful thing ruined by a period
What does a blonde do first thing in the morning	She goes home
What is a poet's favorite legume	Rhyma-beans!
What were those two people from VeggieTales	Oh yea, Barrackoli and Cucumberbatch.
What was Bruce Lees vegetarian brothers name	Broco Lee
What's the biggest difference between a crayon and your ex	The crayon is non-toxic!
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	A canoe occasionally tips
What do you call a masturbating bull	Beef Stroganoff
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the American people	America doesn't want Bush.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops after 3 ho's...
What does a vagina and the mob have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What's a penguins favorite relative	His Aunt Artica!
What is common between a gynecologist and Pizza Deliver guy	They both can smell it but cant eat it.
What's so fun about having sex with 28 year olds	There's 20 of them.
What is something that mother giraffes have but no other animal has	Baby giraffes.
What's the difference between eugenics and a charity marathon	The second one's a race for the cure. Shamelessely stolen from [yesterday's SMBC](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3180).
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade	A: The letter ""m.
What is a chiropractor's favorite chemical element	Knee-on!
What has four legs, and if it fell out of a tree it'd kill you	A pool table
What's the difference between hematologists and urologists	A hematologist pricks fingers.
What do you call a pickled deer	Dill Doe :D
What do you call a Nun on a motorcycle	A bad habit
What do you call a gorilla that's hair is two different colors	Harambre
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school	Bison
What do Mexicans call a commando	A Juan man army...
What's the difference between your mom and my mom	Your mom still sucks my dad's dick
What's the worst thing about being a paedophile	I guess, just trying to fit in.
What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad	One goes ""ribbit ribbit"", the other goes ""rub it rub it"".
What does the window do when the sun shines on it	It gets Blinded I excuse myself out.
What did the pessimist say to the psychologist	Only the good die, Jung.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at three Ho's.
What do you call a cow abortion	De-calf
What do you call a fat girl that committed a murder	Killer Whale.
What did the intellectual neckbeard say to his buddy when he was asked about the Mayweather Pacquiao fight	I've never heard of that court case.
What do you call a naked musician	A Natural
What did King Arthur do in Camelot	He ""came"" a lot.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches.
What's the difference between mlk day and st. Patrick's day	Everyone WANTS to be irish on st Patrick's day.
What's an elephant's most sexual organ	It's foot. Because if it stands on you you're fucked.
What do you get when you drop a Hawaiian pizza	Pearl Harbor pizza.
What's the one thing a woman wants most in this world	Nothing, she's fine
What do you call someone having butt sex with Stephen Hawking	Ingenius
What is it called when you're looking for a body killed by a mortician	Formaldehyde and seek!
What's the difference between a woman and a computer	The woman won't take a 2.5 inch floppy.
What did the religious pear say to the grape that lost his wife	Everything happens for a raisin
What do you call a bee that lives in America	USB
What do you call a black man flying a plane	The pilot, you racist!
What's the definition of perfect pitch	Throwing a banjo into a dumpster and hitting an accordion with it.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip!!
What's the difference between a sorority and a circus	A circus has a cunning array of stunts
What do you call Batman when he skips church	Christian bail.
what's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
What did the ghost say to the bee	Boo bee
What do you call an Arab riding a camel with a goat on a leash	Bisexual.
What's the difference between children and Isis	Drones can't tell either
What is the difference between humor and odor	Humor is a shift of wit, while odor is a whiff of.. Shit.
What does Santa say when he is sick	OH OH NO!
What's the last thing you want to hear while using a urinal	nice watch
What did people call Putin after he lost an arm	Amputin
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What clothes do lawyers wear to work	Lawsuits.
What's next to England	A question mark.
What's black and sits at the top of stairs	A paraplegic after a house fire.
What do you get when a chicken lays an egg on top of a barn	An eggroll !
What do you call a dog with no legs	Well it don't matter i ain't coming anyway!
What's the difference between Jesus and a whore	The expression on their face when they're getting nailed.
What do you call a communist who's also a good sniper	a Marxman
What to you call a russian with 3 Bollocks	Hudyaget Dat-Bollocov
What is E.T short for	He only has little legs.
What did the dentist in the porno say	Your teeth are the whitest I've come across.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Man, I wish I had paid for all that music...
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish off a race.
What do you call a picture of an electric piano	Photosynthesis!
What does a power ranger say before they do drugs	It's morphine time!
What letter stands for the ocean	The letter C.
What do you call 100 lesbians with assault rifles	Militia Etheridge
What did the blind man say to the deaf man	Nothing. Because the blind man can't fucking see him and even if he said something, the deaf man wouldn't be able to fucking hear it.
What do prayers and my Reddit submissions have in common	No one fucking reads them.
What do you call a bunch of homosexual African-American redditors	Black ops.
What do you call a white man in a ghetto	An ambulance.
What do you call a flying Jew	Smoke.
What is that thing called when your crush likes you back	Imagination.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick in your sister's ass.
What is the opposite of sex	Laughter.. Ha ha..
What did the first airplane engine say to the second airplane engine	Are we there soon?"" ""Not jet.
What's worst than finding a worm in your apple	The Holocaust Worse*
What did the optimist say to his doctor when he found out he had lung cancer	Well, I'll deal with this asbestos I can!
What's North America's most famous red wine	Give back our land!
What do my dad and God have in common	I've never seen or heard from either of them.
What kind of degree do you inherit through marriage	A degree in law.
What do you call people who use the pull-out method	Mom and Dad.
What do you get when you cross an automobile with a household animal	A very upset child.
What kind of bees are sometimes filled with milk	BOO-BEES! (boobies)
What did one butt cheek say to the other	Together we can stop this shit.
What do you call a girl who does from butt injections	Ass-fix-iation
What is the difference between a corn-shucker with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits.
What is the worst race of ghosts	...Spooks
What does a Russian say before having sex	I'm Putin it in.
What do you call freshly made cheese	Goudas-new
What kind of cake is even worse than fruitcake	Bukkake.
What do you get if you cross a rabbit and a  flea	Bugs Bunny !
What do rednecks do on halloween	Pumpkin
What's the difference between a bird and a fly	A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird
What do you call it when you get an erection at a funeral	Mourning Wood.
What's the most political particle	*Elect*rons
What do you say to a women with two black eyes	Nothing, you've already told her twice.
What did one tile say when the other tile offered it a glass of port	No thanks, it's bad for my grout.
What did Disney call their remake of Dante's Inferno	101 damnations
What is a pedophile's favorite soap opera	The Young and The Breast-less
What do you call a 16th-century seer who drinks straight out of the can	No-straw-damus! (please be gentle on me as you berate me.)
What's an American's favourite day of the week	Fryday.
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim denim denim...
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker	Jesus wants to get fucked for free.
What do you call a man who rides his camel backwards	Lawrence of Dublin.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	When you slap the mosquito it stops sucking.
What was Hitler's favorite drunk food	Dictator-tots.
What is the difference between my grandma and a newborn baby	When I fuck my grandma up the ass she doesn't die.
What did the heatsink say to the CPU	I'm a huge fan!
What do you call a pig with three eyes	A PIIIG! (was told to me by a 11 yr old in my class =])
What is a dogs favourite flower	Anything in your garden !
What do you call children who are born into a Whorehouse	Brothel Sprouts.
What did the doctor say to the short guy in a hurry	You're going to have to be a little patient.
What is the hardest part about admitting you are a gay lion	Having to swallow your pride.
What do you call a chick who studies astronomy and has a big booty	Hubble butt.
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs	Ear we go !
What is a drill team	A group of dentists who work together.
What does Joe Biden say as he is leaving his house	Biden
What did the network engineer give to his fiancee	A token ring.
What advice does Jay Leno receive when sad	Chin up pal.
What did the author of The Lord Of The Rings say after he completed his books	If you like dialogue, theres a whole lot of Tolkein.
What kind of root is only easy to find on paper	*A square one.*
What's black and screams like fuck	Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What's worse then 10 dead babies in a barrel	1 dead baby in 10 barrels. EDIT: dumpsters, sorry guise.
What do you call a serial killing cannibal who catches on fire easily	Flammable Lector.
What do you call a young Israeli boy	Jew-nior
What do you call a muslim in the 90's	Radical
What's a Vice Presidents favorite type of math function	An Al Gore-ithm
What do you call a homeless horse with a Borderline Personality Disorder	Unstable.
What is a pirates favorite letter	R? No it be the C!
What do you call a dog that goes to the beach	Ballroom blitz
What's an example of Jewish foreplay	When the Rabbi makes a three-pointer at the Bris.
What was Jesus's least favorite bone	The blasfemur
What makes a freezer and a gay man different	The freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What is the last sound you hear before a pussy hair hits the ground	(spitting sound)
What did the little black kid think when he got diarrhea	He was melting
What's the most common way to trigger a feminist	Right away.
What's the difference between a kid and a drawer	A drawer won't scream when I force my junk into it.
What do you call a depressed bear	Bipolar
What do you call a fake noodle	An impasta... F*ck you guys this is funny to me.
What do you call two gay black guys	An Oreo cookie.
What is the friend zone	It's the space between girlfriend and girl friend.
What's the difference between Swine flu, and Bird flu	one requires 'oinkment' and the other needs 'tweetment'. i'm sorry.
What do you get when you cross a ring-tailed lemur with a U-Haul truck	I'm not sure, but I know ***IT LIKES TO MOVE IT, MOVE IT***
What is the last thing you eat before  you die	You bite the dust.
What do you call a rock band with a perfectionist in it	OCDC
What is a bigot	A bigot is anyone winning an argument with a liberal.
What do you call a sad state	Missouri
What do you call the useless skin around the vagina	The woman.
What did the mute say to the priest	Nothing
What do you call a bossy kitty	A pushy cat
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter because he's not coming
What's green, lies in a ditch, and is covered in cookie crumbs	A girl scout that got hit by a car.
What happens if you draw on the blackboard and the teacher told you not to	She draws a smack!
What did E.T.'s mother say when E.T. got home	Where on Earth have you been??!!"" **Thank you, I'll be here all night... Edit: Thanks for da love Dr. Jones!
What do you call the ""Dirty Jobs"" guy beating someone up	A Mike Rowe Aggression
What do you call two Jews having sex	A Kosher pork
What Does Donald Trump Say as an acknowledgment during a discussion of a clever point made at one's expense	Toupee' my friend...Toupee'
What is Nemo's favorite drink	Nemonade
What's the best thing about twenty eight year olds	There's twenty of them.
What is the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only one fifth of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
What do you call a special kid's computer	(Xpost - r/imgoingtohellforthis) System of a Down
What's the difference between a blonde and a refrigerator	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it.
What is Scooby Doo's favorite program language	Ruby Ruby Roo!
What is your mom's favorite animal	An armadildo
What did the Mexican say when a gust of wind blew his homework out the window	Come back essay!
What did the sarcastic taximan say when he lost his job	Oh well that's just uber, isn't it
Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night	A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog
What is Brazil's favorite game right now	Hide and go zika
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	The picture only needs one nail to hold up.
What's a vampire cows worst fear	Steaks.
What is the most common french saying	nous abandonnons
What do pirates and strip clubs have in common	Neither can get enough booty
What do you call a guy that overeats for the sole purpose of getting stomachaches	A glutton for punishment.
What's brown and sticky	Shit
What's the worst thing about having to kiss  Grandma	When the damn coffin lid falls and hits you in the head.
What do you call a cold hotdog	A cold-dog
What's a bisexual person who can't find a partner	On standbi.
What do you call a robot whose brain is unplugged	Mentally dis-cabled.
What do you call a line of hundreds of rabbits, moving backwards slowly	A receding hareline
What do you call it when two high people get in an argument	A pot roast.
What's the difference between three black guys and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a person who enjoy mondays	Unemployed
What was the philosopher's favorite toy growing up	Playdough.
What's the best defense against Britney Spears	Brooke Shields.
What do you call a woman with one nipple	Titty Wap.
What did Tony Abbott (Prime minister of Australia) do with the half-eaten banana	He re-peeled it.
What do you do with spoiled fish food	Load it in the chum dumpster.
What's pink and has seven dents in it	Snow white's hymen
What do women and noodles have in common	They both wiggle when you eat them.
What does SAG-AFTRA call a low-budget foreign production	Scrub-a-dub-dub.
What do you feed someone in a coma from breakfast	Coma-toast.
What did one fish say to the other	Keep your mouth shut and you'll never get caught.
What does a fish say when it hits a concrete wall	Dam.
What do you call a low income part of a town or city that is comprised mostly of pasta	The ""Speghetto"".
Q: What's a blonde's favorite color	A: A light shade of clear.
What do you call a snarky criminal walking down stairs	A condescending con descending.
What do you call it when a blacksmith makes something white	Irony.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Fsh!
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker	One of them starts a religion after it gets nailed.
What do Far Cry 4 and The Big Lebowski have in common	I hate the fucking Eagles, man!
What do you call an agreeable ghost	BOO-YA!
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani Elementary school	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What do you call a camera that shoots out true facts about an ancient Phoenician city	A Canon, Canaan-canon cannon... (I'm not sorry...)
What did one asbestos tile say to the other asbestos tile	Your my asbestos friend
What did the mod say to the other	[deleted]
What's brown and sticky	A Stick
What did the blue priest say to the red peasant	Wolololo Wolololo!
What do you call 3 knights in a relationship	Polyarmory
What do you call a fish that stands out	Out of plaice.
What's the difference between a joke and 3 cocks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call hiring German engineers to work on your overseas project	Krautsourcing
What foods are still good the second or third time you've eaten them	I'm looking for food for my human centipede...
Whats a weightlifters favorite kind of math	AlgeBRUH!
What's the difference between karate and judo	Karate is self defense and you make bagels with judo (Jew dough).
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Phelps can finish a race
What did Adam say to Eve the first time he got an erection	Stand back, I don't know how big this thing is gonna get!
What do you call a nation of angry women	A cuntry.
What do you call a woman without a dick in her mouth	Useless!!! (Just kidding)
What did Buddha say to the Pizza guy	Make me one with everything.
What do you call a bear with martial arts skills	Grizz Lee. ^I'll ^see ^myself ^out.
What's a linguist's favorite beverage	IPA
What do you put in a www.ashing machine	Net curtains!
What are caterpillars afraid of	DOGerpillars!
What do you call an aggresive white guy that over-acts in a movie	A salty cracker with cheese.
What's do you call it when you let your penis make all of the decisions	...a dicktatorship. My girlfriend thought of this stinker this morning.
What do you call a black woman who's had 4 abortions	A crime fighter.
What's red and smells like blue paint	Red paint.
What do you call a transformer in a canoe	A row bot
What does an orphan and a bottle of champagne have in common	They both lost their pop.
What did the IT guy say to his wife after she complained about their love life	Did you try turning me off and on again?
What do selfies make me want to do	Shoot myself
What do you call a happy cowboy	A jolly rancher. Girlfriends mom told us this ""joke"". Dad jokes are out, mom's are in.
What do you call a pig on a leash	Pulled Pork
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I don't pay a garbanzo bean $100 to go on my face.
What do you call an epileptic cow	Beef jerky.
What do you call a Penis inside a Potato	A dictator
What do 7 out of 8 people enjoy	Gang rape.
What did the jewish pedophile say too the children	Would you like to ""buy"" some candy
Whats the difference between a dirts bus stop and a crab with big boobs	One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
Whats's better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What do you get when a dyslexic tries to make a gif	Peanut Butter.
What's that coffee drink with icecream	I used to know it, but... Affogato.
What sound does Korean bread make when it hits a wall	Bang! (!)
What kind of khakis do birds wear	Khakaws!
What's the difference between an epileptic corn husker and a nymphomaniac with diarrhea	One shucks between fits
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bend over	Doughnuts.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning	Introduces themself.
What has the Middle East and Kim Kardashian's ass got in common	Both are massive, have oil and have been invaded by the west.
What do math majors get when they graduate	A radian. Math majors don't use degrees.
What does a racist drink to wake himself up every morning	A KKK-Cup!
what does pinocchio have for breakfast	oakmeal
What's the difference between Jeb Bush and my toilet	My toilet is still running.
What do you call bug mating	INSEX
What's the last thing they do to a Tickle-Me-Elmo doll before it leaves the factory	Give it two test-tickles!
What do you call a bakery staffed entirely by men	A pastryarchy.
What's a Mexican pimp's favorite investment	A putable bond
What do you get if you chop off Trump's hand	A Trump stump!
What is the densest metal on Earth	Donald Trump.
What do you call a sentinel with three hands	A watchman.
What do you call an Asian pothead	Tao Lee
What's a frogs favorite drug	Croakcain.
What do you call an arrogant con walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock	Look grandpa! No hands!
What will reddit never know	Victoria's Secret...
What don't you say to console a grammar nazi	There their they're, it'll be okay!
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common	Their middle name.
What is The Fonz's blood type	A
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	A pilot you racists.
What do you call bears with no ears	b
Whats strong enough for a man but made for a woman	the back of my hand
What do you call a hoarse Putin	Rasputin
What do you use to determine if a refrigerated  burger is cold enough	A thermomeater!
What's the difference between someone who can mend your pants quick and a famous singer	One of them is a swift tailor.
What do you call a flat chested girl	Manchester Mehboob (translation from hindi : lover)
What is Mozart doing right now	De-composing
What do a pizza and this joke have in common	They're both cheesy.
What is ISIS's favorite candy bar	Allahu Snackbar, it's flavor is explosive.
What's an arborists favorite side dish	Can o' peas.
What's the difference between you and an egg	The egg actually gets laid!
What kind of cheese do rich people eat	Guccheese.
What did the hot dog say on the toilet	Mustuuurd
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta	PENNAY!
What did the mother ghost tell the kid ghost when he went out to play	Don't get your sheets dirty!
What's the worse quality of a hermit crab	They're too shell-fish!
What do you call a mollusk on a boat	A snailor
What is the best gift you can give your girlfriend for your anniversary	Nothing. It's a gift she will always remember. Edit: Wording clarified (Thanks to therinnovator).
Whats 10 inches	What's 10 inches, has a big red head and makes my girlfriend cry when i put it in her mouth? Her miscarriage
What does an Internet frog say	Reddit Reddit
What did you think of our website	A little bit tacky.
What is 4 inches long, 2 inches wide and drives women crazy when they see it	An empty toilet paper roll.
What kind of money do monsters use	Weirdo (weird dough).
What do you call a really annoying Jewish women	....Ausbitch.
What do you get if you are telling puns while jogging	A running joke.
What do you call a group of Mexicans doing work	Manuel labour.
What's a 68	She blows me and I owe her one.
What do you call a bee that was born in the USA	USB
What did the Chinese guy think about assisted suicide	He was worried about the euthanasia...
What does my dad do when he's drunk and bored	Beats me
What's 1+1	2
What did the little Chinese boy get for Christmas	Rice.
What's the worst way to tell a guy his small penis is okay	Oh honey, I'm not worried about a little thing like that!
What the only tag a Tumblr user can't have	A small Oops looks like I pissed off the fatties
What gets higher with age	Willie Nelson
What do little green men do to stay in shape	They do Yoda.
What does a guy with a big dick eat for breakfast	Well, this morning I had scrambled eggs, hash browns, a side of bacon, a glass of milk...
What's the difference between a deaf person and an Italian	One talks with their hands and makes goofy noises at random volumes, and the other can't hear.
What do you with an elephant with three balls	Walk him and pitch to the Rhino.
What do you call it when your wife brings you rice porridge in prison	Congee-gal visit
Q: What's the difference between David Beckham and an airplane model kit	A: One's a glueless kit and the other's a clueless git!
What'd the Mexican say when he was upset	I don't want to taco bout it.
What's the difference between a Private and a Private First Class	Where they sit on an airplane.
What is the difference between an apple and an orange	None, the two are not a snake
What do orphans get at Christmas	Lonely.
What do you get if you cross a longhorn with a  knight	Sir Loin!
What did the boots say to the cowboy	You ride -- I'll go on foot.
What is worse to injest than E Coli	Broc Coli
What's the difference between Julius Caesar and Genghis Khan	Caesar: ""I came, I saw, I conquered."" Khan: ""I conquered, I saw, I came.
What's it called when you borrow cheese from a friend	taking out a provoloan
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite type of shoes	Scandals
What do you call a tennis match between Helen Keller and Stevie Wonder	Endless love
What do you get when you cross a bell with a  bee	A humdinger.
What do Badgers and Gynecologists have in common	they both like to root around in your cellar
What is a British Scholar's favorite store	Finks
What is the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock in your ass. Yup, from HIMYM, but I believe in the episode Barney asked, ""What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
What's Charles Dickens's middle name	Deep
What did Jay Sherman say about your breath	It stinks!
What's the worst part about being a pedophile	Trying to fit in
What do the Superbowl and the OJ Simpson Saga have in common	They both feature a slow, old, white bronco.
What do O'douls and going down on your sister have in common	(NSFW) It tastes the same but it's just not quite right.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a rhino	The Nobel Prize in Genetics.
What's 12 inches long and makes women scream at night	Cot death.
What do you call Batman after getting beat of by the Joker	Bruiced Wayne.
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks	Get a new wife
What's the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds	There was 20 of them
What do you call a marine animal who under-performs at the vegetable academy	A C-cucumber.
What's the difference between a 3 figure and a 4-figure suit	1 figure, literally and figuratively.
What is the difference between the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Twin Towers	Better reflexes.
What's the difference between a spot and a girl on her period	When you squeeze a spot, you get bloody pus. When you squeeze a girl on her period...
What does artificial light consist of	Fauxtons
What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand	I can't gargle sand.
What did Journey say to the critic as he stormed out of their concert	Don't stop! Be leaving!"" Just a joke I thought up the other day.
What does Santa do to dragons	He ""sleighs"" them.
What do you call something brown and sticky	A stick. I'll see myself out.
What do you call a sick bird of prey that enters the country without permission	An ill-eagle
What's the Difference between a Girl and a Woman	Prison
What do you get when an alternative metal band runs out of toilet paper	Rage Upon the Latrine
What did the shepherd's wife say to the shepherd	You herd.
What would you call the Flintstones if they were black	Niggers.
What's the difference between white people and yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years it will finally develop its own cultures
What animal lives on the farm and says ""moo""	A bilingual chicken
What did the man say who couldn't add the same number to itself	I can't even...
What happened when the mathematician put seaweed on her boobs	Algae-bra!
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's Fingers
What game do lesbians like to play	Clash of Clams
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	No one's going to pay to have a lentil on their face!
What do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed	Oh,the humanities!
What is the Donner Party's favorite donut	Munchkin.
What do you call a boy with no arms and an eyepatch	??? Names
What Were Mussolini's Secret Police Called	The Gazpacho
What's the capital of Greece	20 euros
What's the most incestuous surname	Dickinson
What do Mexican parents and good reddit comments have in common	They have lots of children.
What do you call a blond with one strand of hair dyed black	A glimmer of hope
What's the difference between a rock and a dead baby	You can't fuck a rock ...
What kind of elephants live in Antartica	Cold ones !
What do truck drivers and porn stars have in common	They both get paid by the load.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A flat miner.
What's Putin's new favorite song	Crimea River
What do you call a white guy on steroids	An athlete
What do you do when you meet a robotic genie	You mech a wish.
What kind of bug bites only at your feet	Mosqui-toes
Q: What did Bill Clinton say to Monica	A: I told you to lick my erection not wreck my election.
What did the getaway driver do after his accomplice, Rice, robbed the bank	Pilaf.
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn	Boo-kakke.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	The pizza doesn't scream when put in the oven.
What does the twitter bird do when it needs money	It goes to Twerk!
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a pizza	I don't peel the crust off of a pizza before I eat it
What do you call it when you rape a girl and cum on her chest	A Cosby Sweater
What's the difference between a hockey team and a New Jersey hooker	A hockey team showers after 3 periods.
What does The Rock said to his Girl Friend	Im Stoned :p
What does Trump say after sex	You're the best daughter ever."" (Credit for inspiration to the ""What does Bill say to Hilary after sex"" joke)
What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand	You can't gargle sand
What did one piece of bread say to the sad piece of bread	Its going to be all rye.
What do you call the security guards outside Samsung shops	Guardians of the Galaxy
What do you call a tree that lost its family in a forrest fire	Mourning wood
What is worst then the holocaust	6 million Jews
What do you call a group of kangaroos	A Kangacrew
What kind of bees produce milk	Boobies!
What do you call it when cosine plays	Cos(play)
What to Australian Trains use as fuel	Coal-Ala
What did Dave Grohl say when he dropped his hoagie off a bridge	There goes my Hero.
What do they call American Liberty in Israel	A valid target.
What is Victoria's Secret	'Her' real name is Victor!
What has 3 tails 4 trunks and 6 feet	An elephant with spare parts !el
What's grey beautiful and wears glass slippers	Cinderelephant !
What' the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef, but not everyone can pea soup. (As told by my 8yo, who made me laugh with a joke for the first time. Proud dad moment.)
What do princess Diana and pink Floyd have in common	their biggest hits were both the wall
What's the difference between an egg and a wank	You can beat an egg
What does a Obstetrician and a well written joke have in common	They deliver
Q: What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant	A: ""Is it mine?
what do you call an underwater dog	a sub-woofer
What do you call a man who wears crisp packets as trousers	Russell.
What's the difference between a gardener and a pimp	A gardener doesn't want his hose to have kinks.
what do you call a slutty french fry	a potat-hoe
What's the difference between an apple and a dead baby	I don't ejaculate on an apple before I eat it.
What do you call a spider from Baghdad	An Iraqnid.
What do penguins do in a race	They peng-win
What's the difference between a pizza and a pizza joke	You can't top a good pizza joke.
What's the weather like in the ghetto	A little muggy.
What do you call a dwarf tattoo artist	An Inkling.
What starts with N, has two Gs in the middle, and has no business wearing a pointy white hood	Your noggin
What do you call a rapist in the friendzone	A stalker.
[NSFW	]What do you call 100 Jews on a train? Anything you want because they're not coming back.
What does my Uncle and my account balance have in common	I cry whenever I see them.
What's a cow's favorite chemical	molybdenum monoxide MoO
What is red and smells like blue paint	Red paint.
[NSFW] What's the difference between a bucket of dead babies and a pile of sex toys	The bucket.
What do you call something that is half horse and half pig	A mounted police officer
What happens when you take acid with a birth control pill	A trip without the kids
What was wrong with the wooden car	It wooden go.
What does Paul Atreides do when he wants the last glass of water	He calls Muad'Dibs on it
What is the definition of a Freudian slip	when you say one thing and mean a mother. Don't remember where I heard it. Haven't read it here yet.
What kind of fish has two knees	A tunee fish.
What's it called when you commission someone to make an animated image for your girlfriend but he pockets the money and disappears	A gf gif gift grift
What's green and smells like pork	Kermits finger! This is a guy I knows fav all time joke and I told him I would put it on here after telling him the jokes I read on here.
What did R. Kelly say to the teenage girl fan	Urine for a surprise.
What do you call a slutty midget	A tator thot.
What's the difference between cum and Jello	Jello doesn't hit the back of your throat at 120 mph.
What did the kid with cancer get for Christmas	Nothing, he didn't make it that far.
What do you call a pepper on a string that comes back to you	A Jalapenyo-yo
What's the difference between the Serengeti and the White House	In the Serengeti there are African lions, but in the White House there's a lyin' African.
What did Cinderella say when her photos didn't arrive on time	One day my prints will come.
What is another way to describe a cat	A heat seeking missile !
What did the salad say as it was thrown into jail	Lettuce Go!
What do you call a Mexican who's car got stolen	Carlos.
What's the difference between unlawful and illegal	Unlawful is against the law and illegal is a sick bird.
What's harder to pull out of than Iraq	Bristol Palin.
What do you call a skinny person that identifies as obese	A trans fat
What's the difference between pea soup and mashed potatoes	Anyone can mash potatoes
What fruit fits best in your palm	a palm-agranate!
What's the capital of Greece	About 10
What did the man say to the fly	Hey.. you're looking fly
What do you call an Arab who owns a goat and a camel	Bisexual.
What's the difference between the 7 dwarfs and a girl's high school track team	The 7 dwarfs are a bunch of cunning runts...
What worse than finding out your wife has cancer	Finding out it is curable.
What's another word for cinnamon	Synonym.
What do you call an underwater masochist	A submarine!
what do you call a gassy Scotsman	Bravefart
What language do Fed-Ex drivers speak	Parcel-tongue
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend	30 pounds. OK Ladies - if you didn't like that - what's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
What do you call a fish that likes to cook	Bobby Fillet
What does an obese white woman have in common with a brick	Eventually, they're both getting laid by a Mexican.
What is E.T short for	Because he has little legs.
What did the pirate say when he became an octogenarian	Aye matey.
What do you call a fat Muslim	Just Mu^~~slim~~
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's going to take me awhile to get hard. I just got laid by a chick.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass	A mechanic!
What do you call a burning white guy	A firecracker
What do you call Santa's helpers	Subordinate Clauses.
What's the difference between a penis and a bonus	Your wife will always blow your bonus!
What do a redneck and hippie have in common	They both hate the government.
What do Michelle Obama and the lead singer of The Police have in common	They're both similar to insects! (FLOTUS like a butterfly, Sting like a bee)
What fish goes up the river at 100mph	A motor pike !
What does Donald Trump say after sex	I never saw that woman in my life.
What did the baby cigarette want to be when it grew up	a Drag Queen
What happened to the cannibal who was late for dinner	He got the cold shoulder.
What do you call a white guy with 2 black guys in the back of the car	The police. What do you call a black guy with 2 white guys in the back of the car? Uber!
What blood type are most grammar Nazis have	A Type O
Q: What did the green grape say to the purple grape	A: Breathe, idiot! BREATHE!
What's the difference between Americans and Brits	Brits think 200 miles is a long distance, Americans think 200 years is a long time.
What came first, the hen or the egg	The rooster. ;)
What asks no question but demands an answer	A doorbell or a ringing telephone.
What's the smallest drink you can order at a bar	A mar tiny.
What do you call a hobo who becomes a pimp	Rags to bitches
What do you call a flying pig	Swine flu
Q: What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer	A: One sells watches and the other watches cells.
What do you call a midget with a dildo on backwards	Shrimp cocktail.
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexia Association.
what did the sign outside the rehab center say	Keep off the grass
What do pantyhose and Brooklyn have in common	Flatbush
What is the issue with Dr. Dre's releases	Chronic delays.
What happens when you get your girlfriend pregnant	You shove a coathanger up her vagina.
What's the difference between an Aussie and a Yoghurt	A Yoghurt's got culture!
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car	The difference is in a police car all the pricks are on the inside
What one noun, verb, and US President sums up a scientist's hopes and fears	Grant.
Q: What did the left eye say to the right eye	A: Just between you and me, something smells down there.
What do you call an Arab who just arrived -Amir The next one	-Amir Azwal The next? -Amir Azwal Azim
What is the best stand-up routine of our time	I nominate Chris Rock's Never Scared.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	With a porcupine, the prick is on the outside.
What's the difference between your mom and an alpaca	One's a hairy beast that spits and the other's native to South America.
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just killed	Isaac Newton died a virgin
What is a surgeon's excuse for not wearing a condom	Don't worry baby, I'm sterile.
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The Wheelchair
What film do you get when you pull your pants down	Free Willy
What is something a woman hates about a man but a man would love about a woman	Premature ejactulation.
What type of weed do lizards smoke	Mariguana.
What is the world famous Chef Gordan's favorite football team	The Ramsays
What do you call an aging chef with an unfaithful wife	A cookold.
What do you get when you fuck a circus performer	Cirque Du So-Laid
What didn't Adam and Eve have that  everyone else has	Parents.
Q: What was the last thing a blonde heard before dying of old age	A: ""Today children we will learn our ABC's
What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison	A small medium at large!
What happens to eskimos who sit on the ice too long	Polaroids! I'm so bored...
What's the difference between a beggar and a US Politician	A beggar has retained his integrity.
What do you call an intense love of math	Calculust.
What did the Hammerhead shark say to his buddies when he got laid	Nailed it.
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor.
What do you call a doctor that graduated at the bottom of their class	Doctor.
What the best way to cut down a tree	A Suhhh Dude
Q: What changes would occur in your  lifestyle if you could no longer drive lawfully	A: I would be forced to drive unlawfully.
What is the difference between pink and purple	The grip.
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa as they were looking out their front window	Looks like rein dear
What do you get if you run in front of a car	A: Tired Bonus Follow-up Joke! Q: What do you get when you run behind a car? A: Exhausted
What do you call a skeleton with blonde hair in a closet	Last year's winner of the blonde ""hide and go seek"" contest
What's the difference between a colostomy bag and Donald Trump	A colostomy bag gets emptied once in a while where Trump is always full of shit.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	(a little nsfw) I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass!
What do you call a pair of twins who live together	Womb-mates
What online payment service does the Pope use	Papal.
Whats the hardest part about eating vegetables	The wheelchair
What's the best pokemon in pokemon go	It's Victreebel if you go to a gym you will always get a victory with it.
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce after they got engaged	Fiancee.
What do you call a French bathroom with a bomb in it	Linoleum Blownapart
What do a fretless bass and a lawsuit have in common	Everyone is relieved when the case is closed.
What does the nosy pepper do	Gets jalapeno business.
Whats the difference between a park bench and an artist	A park bench can support a family of four.
What does an approximately normal statistician eat for lunch	A large CLT
What's the difference between a horse and a 13 year old boy	The horse knows when I'm grooming him.
What's the best part about dating twenty two year olds	There are 20 of them.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle	The Polar bear.
What's the difference between an Italian mother and a Jewish mother	An Italian mother says ""If you don't eat it I'll kill you."" A Jewish mother says ""If you don't eat it I'll kill myself.
What do young ghosts write their homework in	Exorcise books.
whats red and bangs on the window	A baby in the microwave
What's Isis' favorite race	The 100-meter daesh. Q: What's Isis' favorite punctuation mark? A: The em-daesh. Q: How much cinnamon does the Isis recipe for gingersnaps call for? A: Just a daesh.
What do you get if you cross a cat with a bottle of vinegar	A sourpuss !
What does an accountant say when you ask him the time	It's 9.18 am and 12 seconds; no wait - 13 seconds no wait - 14 seconds no wait......
What does a gay Kraken eat	*Seamen*
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	Last night I didn't pay 20 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him	Nothing, he just let out a little wiiiine.
What sound does a cow make	Moooo"" Good, a duck? ""Quack"" Good, how about a seal? ""My power my PLEASURE MY PAIN, babaaaayyy
What do you call two breath mints that were turned into humans by a scientist	Ex-pair-a-mints.
What's the difference between myxomatosis and Hugh Hefner	Myxomatosis doesn't need Viagra to fuck bunnies.
What do Hitler and Oprah have in common	Neither could finish a race
What's the difference between a BMW and a cactus	on a cactus, the pricks are on the outside
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common	Their balls are just for decoration
What did the 0 say to the 8	Let's make a snowman!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree	Hold onto your nuts, this isn't going to be an ordinary blowjob!
What's the difference between a dog and Windows 10	A dog knows what is 'no'.
What's the best part about Switzerland	I don't know, but their flag's a plus.
What do you call a three-humped camel	Pregnant
What do giraffes and humans share the same number of	Testicles.
What did little Suzy spy with her little eye	A cataract.
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest	A suicide vest will blow you
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Many think it be 'r' but in fact it be the 'c'
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout	A boy scout comes home from camp
What do Superman and Bloods have in common	They're both getting killed by a Kryptonite.
What did Johann Sebastian Bach do when someone steam-rolled his organ	He played a flat baroque piece!
What do you call a high-priced barber shop	A clip joint.
What do you call an Asian who acts like he is black	A ripe bananna
What is black and brown and looks good on a lawyer	A Doberman.
What's the difference between a Surrey girl and a washing machine	When you drop a load in a washing machine it doesn't text you every hour for a week.
What is the difference between a rooster and a Hooker	A rooster says ""cock-a-doodle-do"" and a Hooker says ""any cock will do.
What's the difference between a woman and a washing machine	A washing machine won't follow you around after you dump your load in it.
What do you call the man with a lisp who drowned	A philosopher. Cuz he's a deep thinker.
What did one drug dealer tell another on the street corner after hearing of Amy Winehouse's death	Damn, I'm gonna go bankrupt.
What's the opposite of a Hasidic Jew	A Hbasic one.
What do you call four mexicans in quick sand	Quatro, cinco.
What do you call a soldier who survived pepper spray and mustard gas	A seasoned veteran
What is the most pirated movie ever	Arrrrrrrgo
What is the difference between a Ferrari and 4 dead babies	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage
Whats the difference between premenstrual tension and BSE	One's mad cow disease the other's an agricultural problem.
What does a nosey pepper do	Get Jalapeno business.
What religion do Saudi Arabian cows follow	Mooslim
What's Princess Leia's first name	Comoniwanna.
What did batman say too robin before they got in the car	Get in the car.
What's Harry Potter's favourite way of getting down a hill	Walking. ... JK Rolling.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, because he is not a full essay.
What's long, hard, and has cum in it	A cucumber.
What do Naturopathic doctors use to keep up with their finances	Quackbooks!
What's the difference between reading the Bible and talking shit	None.
What's the key to a good joke	.....................................Timing.
What can be said about a rich man who doesn't carry change with him	He's got more money than cents
what do you call a bunny in a kilt	a hopscotch
What did the zero say to the eight	Nice belt, fuckface.
Q: What do you call a chicken that crosses the road, rolls in the mud, and crosses back over	A: A dirty double crosser.
What do you call a mother who is overweight and poor	Beef on WIC
What did the squirrel say when he looked up the woman's dress	What a Cunt, got no Nuts.
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery driver have in common	It's okay to smell it, but if you eat it you're gonna get fired.
What does a colonial space marine and Europe have in common	They are both xenophobic!
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Gag.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter what you call him, he isn't gonna come.
What do you call an ISIS member who loves himself	A nISISist
What do you call an engineer who looks at other people's shoes when walking	Extroverted
What's The Difference Between Santa and a Muslim	Santa will be able to enter the united states next year!
What is the best music to air drum to while driving	Def Leppard, because you can keep on hand on the wheel.
What's a dentist's favorite time of day	Tooth-hurty I'll show myself out
What happened to the american man who broke his leg	He went... broke.
What do you call a German outkast	Hey, ja!
What is jon snow's favourite slang	IDK
What do you call a women with one leg	Aileen Unless she's Asian, then you call her Irene.
What's the most encouraging calisthenic	Chin-ups!
what do exorcists and alcoholics have in common	They both treat their demons with spirits!
What does Rob Schneider say when he visits Canada	Yukon do it!
What's a man's idea of a balanced diet	Beer in each hand!
What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley	the location of the dirt bag!
What did the pig say when it found a fly in its soup	Yum Yum.
WHAT DO WE WANT	License and registration, please. WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Sir, please stop shouting and step out of the vehicle.
What's the last thing a Tickle-Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory	Two test-tickles!
What is it like to be a woman in comedy	I would say it's 1% jokes & 99% answering this question.
What's square-shaped and yellow	A yellow box
What happened when Steve Irwin forgot to put on sunscreen	He got hurt from harmful rays
What happens to a politician when he takes a Viagra	He gets taller.
What did one mountain say to the other mountain after an earthquake	It's not my fault.
What did the sadist do to the masochist	nothing.
What do you call someone who likes speed	Racist.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bale
What kind of dessert do ghosts always come back for	? A Boo Meringue
What do you call a Mexican that lives in Maine	an L.L.Beaner
What does it take to be a president of Russia	Be a Viktor, then you are Devinitely In
What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common	Neither can finish a race.
What do you call a flannel cat	A Plaid-A-Pus
What did the hippy who has been crashing on your couch for the last 2 weeks say when you asked him to leave	! Am I supposed to say the answer or let y'all guess for a bit?!
What did the redneck say to the Frenchman	You don't speak English fourchette!
What did the chicken say	What did they chicken say to his friends after being sent to the hospital after failing to cross the road ?. Don't worry ill get over it.
What's the difference between a women's track team and a group of midgets playing chess	The latter is a group of cunning runts.
What did carbon yell at gold while trying to get his attention	A! U!!! If it doesn't make sense tell it so someone out loud. Pretty sure this is my first original joke :)
What made me become a baker	I kneaded the dough.
What's worse then passing out at a party and getting a penis drawn on your forehead	Finding out that they traced it....
what is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
What's the worst part about going to the doctor's and finding out you have diabetes	You don't get a lollipop afterwards :/
What does the twitter bird drink	Twater!
What charity has PETA beat in terms of death rate	The Make a Wish Foundation.
What do the mafia and a women's pussy have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What is every gamers New Years Resolution	3840x2160
What is the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeve.
whats black and sits at the top of the staircase	stephen hawking after a house fire
What do you call a russian bull	a moscow
Whats the difference between a Russian garbanzo bean and a Russian chickpea	A president has never been blackmailed into treason over a video of him paying to have a Russian garbanzo bean on his face.
What does David Bowie do after he gets out of the swimming pool	He ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-changes. (Sorry if repost)
Whats the difference between a porsche and an erection	I dont have a porsche. (Best told by whispering in someones ear.)
What was Morgan Freeman called before the civil war	Morgan.
What would shakira be singing if she had been data scientist	Tsamina mina eh eh... ""Weka Weka"" eh eh...
What happens when you give an Autobot a blowjob	The power goes out.
What do Foghorn Leghorn and Donald Trump have in common	They're both big racist cocks
What did Elsa say to her fans on Reddit	Leddit go
What's red and white, red and white, red and white	Sant rolling off your roof.
What do you call it when a gangster accidentally kills a fellow gang member	Homiecide
What did the tie say to the hat	You go on ahead, I'll just hang around here.
What do the French learn in basic training	How to surrender in twenty-seven different languages.
What do you call two British men, searching for a donkey	Assless chaps. Source: http://www.mrlovenstein.com/images/comics/345_daft_for_donkey.png
What do you call a woman who fell off a cliff	Eileen Dover...
What do you call the hair between your grandma's tits	Her pussy.
What type of key gets you into the bathroom the fastest	A dookie
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	mmmmmmy ass!!!!!! neeeheeeeeheeeeheee -Evil Betty
What's it called when a super model wants to date an accountant	Wishful thinking. Obviously
What do you call a Canadian Muslim	A Mooselim!!
What do you call an atheist who no longer worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster	A-pasta-ate.
What do a fag and a parrot have in common	Shit on their stick
What is a capitalist's favorite fetish	Vore, because it's all about consumption
What do you call a vegetarian with bad gas	A leaf blower
What do you call a hot chick in Boston	A tourist
What do you call a smart pig	Cunningham
What do you call a potato that looks like a penis	A dictator.
What do you call a chicken staring at a lettuce	Chicken sees a salad
What do they call Snoop Dogg in Asia	Snoop Dinner
What do you call a man who has been dead and buried for thousands of years	Pete.
What happens when you bring beer to a BYU party	All the girls put on their panties and go home.
What do you call 2 Nuns &amp; a Cheerleader	2 Tightends &amp; a Wide Reciever
Whats the difference between a woman and a dog	Put them both in the trunk of your car, drive around the block, and see which ones happy to see you afterwards.
What does Stalin do on a night out	Paints the town red
What goes over the water, and under the water, but stays dry	Jesus in a submarine.
What do you call Virgin Mobile	A nun in a wheelchair
What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose	A collie-flower !
What is a Jews favorite part of porn	The moneyshot
What does Frankenstein's monster call a screwdriver	Daddy.
What has two legs and bleeds	Half a cat.....
What's better, Google or Yahoo	Let's Google it.
What's black and never works	DECAF YOU RACIST FUCK
What do you call a racist 19th century artist	Oppressionist
What do you call a paper crane folded by a prositute	Whoreigami
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination	HAAAAAANNNNNDDD EYEEEEE
What's up	This guy! (points at self)
What do you call a practice exercise preparing for the possibility of observing hole-making tools undergoing a military parade	Drill drill drill.
Whats a tacticians favorite cut of meat	Flank
What do you call a God unfit for the times at hand	O Cristor Redundant
What do you call a Mexican with a broken-down car	Joaquin.
What's the difference between OJ Simpson and Stephen King	OJ's truth is stranger than King's fiction.
What are the three rings of Marriage	The Engagement Ring, The Wedding Ring, and The Suffer-ring.
What do tornados and black people have in common	It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood
What currency do they use in space	Star bucks.
what do you call it when 3 muppets have sex together	- Mena Menage a trois
What's your favorite blonde joke	What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you smack it, the mosquito stops sucking.
What's the most common owl in Britain	The tea towel
What shoe can fit 206 million feet in it	Honshu!
What would you call Benedict Cumberbatch if he was dating a giraffe	The Neck-Romancer
What do you call it when a lizard can't get it up	A reptile dysfunction
What do you call it when cows do battle in outer space	Steer Wars.
Whats the difference between a black man and a picnic table	A picnic table can support a family of four
What do you call a movie without any Jews in it	Uncut
What did one orphan say to the other	~~""Robin, get in the batmobile.""~~ ""Our parents are dead.
What did Matthew McConaughey say about Steve Bannon's followers	They're alt-right, alt-right, alt-right.
What's a zombies favourite brand of crisps	Walkers
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons	Jose and Josb
What do you call it when a man uses a Confederate flag as a blanket	A white power nap.
What do you call a chicken vegetable	Bawk Choy
What's the difference between Botox and Borax	Two letters.
What's red and has 7 dents	Snow White's cherry
What did the Pencile say to the other pencil	what did the pencile say to the other pencil the answer is........... Your Looking Sharp :)
[NSFW] What does a condom and a wife have in common	They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
What do you call a weird Russian	Off-Putin.
What do you call a retired comedian	Comedy mold.
What is the painless frequency	0 Hz
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Nothing. she couldn't speak while gagging
Q: What kind of wood doesn't float	A: Natalie Wood
What kind of music does an inspired Latin fish listen to	Carp E.D.M. Credit to my friend for this one.
What did the scientist say to his hot assistant	There's only gonna be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs, who hangs out in your pool	Bob
What did the Leper say to the Prostitute after they finished	Keep the tip.
What do you call a black person that flys an airplane	A pilot you racist bastard
What do you get when you cross a squirrel with a Hummer	A gray and red hairy paste.
What sucks about being an egg	You get laid once, and it's by your mom.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing, they just waved.
What does an egg say when its ""turnt up""	Omlet!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree	Hold unto your nuts-This is no ordinary Blow Job!
What's Gordon Ramsey's second favorite movie	FROZE-- oh, nevermind.
What do you call a Spanish matador who is not very good at his job	I'd say he's fairly incapa**bull**.
What did all of the birds do to the bird that couldn't fly	They ostrich-sized him
What is the the Chicken's favorite composer	bach bach bach time to return to /r/TIL
What would a diatomic Calcium molecule look like if existed	Like Crap or Feces (its the same) WHY? Because its Ca=Ca (equal sign is a double bond)
What do you call a person with no body and no nose	Nobody knows.
What do call a whore in Alaska	An eskihoe
What did the man say to his big breasted ex-wife	Thanks for the mammaries.
What do you call a dumb musician	Curt Nobrain....
What's a Web Developer's favourite tea	URL #DDD
What do you call a half Irish half Muslim husband	O'Pressive.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off	Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
What was Lincoln's worst decision as President	He should have asked for a table, instead of a Booth
What do you do if a girl sits on your hand	Try to get her off!
What do you call an angry German	sauerkraut! (sour kraut)
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews	Santa goes *down* the chimney.
What type of bee makes milk	A boo-bee
What do LotR and Brokeback Mountain have in common	Someone's ring gets broken.
What's the difference between a Pound and a Dollar	A dollar
What's the opposite of ennui	Off-ui. from *Gilmore Girls*.
What is wrong with me	!? Asking for a friend..
Whats a shitty nickname for a tree theif	The Log Pincher.
What did one druid say to the other	Bear with me...
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe	Robertoe
What did the number 0 say to the number 8	-Nice belt.
What's the difference between a laundry machine and a girl	The washing machine doesn't get upset if I dump a load in it and never call back
What do Koreans need when they take out the dog	Oven mitts
what did the Fonz say after his first yoga class	namasteeeyyyy!
What did Kanye West say when he saw the Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones	Dat shit Frey.
What do you call a hot Filipino	A Filipino.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day	Forget-me-nuts.
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto!
What's the difference between a Porsche and a Porcupine	In a Porsche, the pricks are in the inside
What do clouds wear during a storm	Thunderwear
What's the main difference between a man and a woman	It's what comes to mind when they think of the word facial.
What's worse than the Holocaust	Winning the jackpot in two separate lotteries at the same time.
What do you get if you cross a computer  with a ballet dancer	The Netcracker suite.
What's the difference between an intern and bird shit	No one intentionally steps on bird shit.
What is a sailor's favorite letter	From his wife back home
What did the Russian tell his nervous Socialist Dictator at the amusement park	Quit Stalin and get on the ride!
What do you call a long vegetable that flies in a V	asparagoose
What did Hillary Clinton do when her email was hacked	She asked Donald Trump to build a firewall.
What do you call a room full of psychics	A scam!
What do you call an easter extremist	The middle easter bunny
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean
What kind of gum do astronauts chew	Hubble Bubble
What was Forrest Gump's email password	1forrest1
What do people and jellybean have in common	No one likes the black ones
What did the Jewish residents of Hiroshima shout when they saw the plane carrying the first atomic bomb	Enola - gai avek!
What does an arctic wildlife photographer get from sitting around too long	Polaroids. ^I ^know, ^that ^was ^god ^awful.
What does a mechanic do for a one night stand	He nuts and bolts.
whats the deal with shemales	you don't call them she, and they're not male
What do you call a 5 year-old with no friends	[offensive] A sandy hook survivor.
What's the difference between England and a tea bag	The tea bag stays in the Cup longer
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke	Yours
What do you call it when you meet somebody in a bathroom at a conference	Pee-er to pee-er networking (P2P).
What do you call an Asian in a tank	A chink in the armor.
What's worse than finding half a worm in an apple	Finding a vein in a hot dog.
What's the politically correct term for a swingers party in Alabama	A lynching.
What did the veterinarian performing canine reproductive surgery say to the veterinarian with over productive saliva disorder	Spay it don't spray it.
What do you call it when two Vietnamese people meet	A Nguyen-Nguyen situation
What do you call a quadruple amputee trying to swim	Bob. Same guy laying on the floor? Matt. Same guy hanging on the wall? Art. Same guy in a mailbox? Bill.
What did Sloth say when he found gold	AU GUYS!!!
What did the hiker say when he fell in a pile of moss	I'm not lichen this!'
What's the difference between a diaper and a politician	When a diaper is full of shit, it gets discarded. When a politician is full of shit, it runs for president.
What do you end up with when your pig smokes pot	Baked ham.
What kind of cat should you take into the  desert	A first aid kitty !
What do you get if you cross a dog with a sniper rifle and a car	A *range rover*!
What does religion and Ikea have in common	The stuff they have looks good but its impossible to put together. huehue
What did one Christmas ornament say to the other Christmas ornament	Let's hang.
What do you call a Jamaican motorcycle	Bob Harley
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are about $1.79, and deer nuts are right under a buck.
What do you call a Mexican on a hill	Gracias.
What's a martial artist's favorite beverage	Kara-Tea
What is the common point between broccoli and anal sex	Kids generally don't enjoy them
Whats the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub	One has hope in her soul, the other has soap in her hole.
what do you call twin chinese rappers	two chengs
What's Forrest Gumps Favorite Password	1Forrest1
What do you call pizza that isn't yours	Impersonal pizza
What did the ceiling fan say	YEEEEAAAAH! GO CEILING! YOU NUMBER ONE BABY! WOOOOOOHOOOOOO!
what do you call an acid with an attitude	A-mean-oh acid
What do you call a lion with Down's syndrome	A leotard.
What doe you call a banana's grandmother	Banana-nana
What do pigs like with chow mein	Sooey sauce.
What do you call a place that you put an arrested caucasian gang member in	A white blood cell.
What did the hen say to his bar pals	Let's get some chicks!
What was the Scientologist's favorite movie	The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Why, you ask? ... It was a cult classic!
What did earth say to the other planets	Wow, you guys have no life.
What is the most honest vegetable	Beetruet
What did the dog say when he chased his tail	This is the end.
What has 4 eyes and cannot see	Mississippi.
What do you call a bunch of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hare line!
What is the last thing you want to hear after blowing Willie Nelson	'I'm not Willie Nelson' Credit: old joke via: Norm Macdonald
What did the man order at the Indian restaurant	It's Naan of your business.
What is a grateful person's favorite number/letter combination	10Q!
What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say	This one really sucks.
what do you call a gay dinosaur	megasoreass
What's Donald Trump's favorite drug	Cuckaine
What do the Lannisters and Alice in Chains have in common	They pay their debts on time.
What did the dolphin say to the frog	Eeeee eeee eeeee ieeeee eeee eee. Dolphins don't talk dummy.
What do you get if you cross a snake with a hotdog	A fangfurther.
What is it called when Michael J. Fox smokes a joint	Shake N' Bake.
What's the difference between BMWs and porcupines	Porcupines have pricks on the outside.
What do your mom and the Baltimore Police have in common	They both like giving nickel rides to black men!
What do you get when a Catholic priest baptizes hay	You get a Christian Bale
What do a Caucasian woman's breasts have in common with clouds	They're both white fluffy things that float high above the fruitful land where the seeds are planted. Source: Brandon Sanderson
What did one doctor say to the other doctor	We're both doctors
What did Caesar say when he ran into his friend at a music lesson	Etude, Brute?
What happens when ducks fly upside down	They quack up !
What's the similarity between snooker and sex	If red covers pink, go for the brown.
What did Anne Frank say when she threw a ball at the water fowl's head	Duck!
What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods	Santa stops after the third 'Ho'
What's beneath most Canadians	Most Americans
What is a suicidal Weebs favorite anime	Bleach.
What do you say when you leave the UAE	Dubai-bye!
Whats the difference between a snowman and a snow woman	SNOWBALLS!!!!
What sort of net is useless for catching fish	A football net !
What day does the egg fear most	Fry-day
What's the hardest thing that every snowboarder has to do in his life	Tell his mom and dad that he's gay.
What don't you want to hear after performing oral sex on Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What do you call five blondes in a pool	Air bubbles.
What do read heads get when they don't brush their teeth	Gingervitis Edit: redheads. I am a disgrace.
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	It might take a while for me to get hard, I was just laid by a chick.
What is the longest word in the English language	SMILES: there is a mile between the first and last letters!
What do you call a big black rat that steals all your food	A Rat-Coon Hope you guys are light hearted enough to not be offended.
What's the difference between an Irishman and a bottle of whiskey	The whiskey usually doesn't get drunk until it's at least ten years old.
What did Donald Trump said to Obama's supporter	Orange Is The New Black
What do you call a swashbuckler when he noticed you	A senpairate.
What car do rich black people drive	A Countach
What do you call a bunch of white dudes sitting on a bench	The NBA
What is dry on the outside filled with water and blows up buildings	A fish tank !
What happened when Justin Bieber went to Michael Jackson's house	Nothing, Michael liked boys.
What was the last pizza the twin towers had	A plane one.
What do accountants suffer from that  ordinary people don't	Depreciation.
What illness makes you sneeze on your laptop screen	A computer virus!
What do you call an all panda furry orgy	Panda-moan-ium
What do you call Russian trees	Dimitrees
What did the Metis people think of the look on Stephen Harper's face when he lost the election	They though it was Riel funny!
What do you call some who is afraid of Santa	Clausetrophobic. I'm here all week.
What's batmans favourite fruit	Ba na na na na na na na na na na na na na grapefruit.
What do you call the entrance to a brothel	Hodor
What do you call an elephant the circus no longer needs	Irrelephant.
What do you call a little person who can talk to ghosts and just escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
What's organic dental floss	Pubic hair!
What did Noah tell his son while they were fishing	Better get this right, I only have 2 worms.
What does IDK mean	I've yet to find someone who knows.
What did the woman say to her husband who constantly turns the heater up way too high	This is why we can't have ice things!
What do you get when you mix a mouse with some laundry detergent	Squeaky clean clothes.
What do you call four drowning Mexicans	Cuatro cinco
What do you call a singing group trio of pre-op Trannies	Chixie Dicks
What do you call a person from South America with a walking assist	Mexicane.
What's grey and comes in quarts	An elephant.
Whats the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet	The Christmas alphabet has Noel.
What do you call glass cookware from Jamaica	Pyrex of the Caribbean
What do you call large number of cannibals stranded on an island	A *free-for-all-you-can-eat.*
What do you call the ghost of a chicken	A poultry-geist.
What do you call it when a vegetable suffers heart failure	A hearti*choke*. ... :D
Whats a Joke with no Punchline	Life
What is the slowest racehorse in the world	A clotheshorse !
What do owls sing when it is raining	'Too wet to woo' !
What did Mexico City say to his father before he left for college	Ciudad...
What does a Seal drink at a bar	Anything but Canadian Club..
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Mr Smith	Mr Smith went to Washington
What's the difference between a  surgeon and a puppy	If you put a puppy in a room by itself for an hour it'll probably stop whining.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A roamin' Catholic
What was Amanda Todd's favourite anime	Naruto.
What is the difference between a Lannister and a Greek	A Greek never pays his debts.
What do Driving Testers and Vegetarians have in common	They are both very pedantic
What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common	You don't look down.
What's a rednecks favorite part of archaology	Relative dating
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Being raped by a giant scorpion..
What do you call a flying Jew	[NSFW] Smoke.
What goes 99 clonk, 99 clonk, 99 clonk	A centipede with a wooden leg! *^^Joke ^^I ^^found ^^in ^^the ^^Tokyo ^^Ghoul ^^tag ^^on ^^Tumblr, ^^my ^^brother ^^loves ^^this ^^one!*
What's the longest time in which you haven't consumed alcohol	My record is 21 years.
What does supervillain Black Man need to do to escape the crime scene	Turn off all the lights.
What do Cerial killers drink	milk
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus	Jesus doesn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over *his* body.
What did Mexican Anakin say when he heard about the Catholic Priest sex scandals	Now *this* is Padre sin!
What's Paul McCartney's favourite food	Maccaroni
What's a dancer's favorite type of water	Tap water
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable	Putting the wheelchair in the oven
What's the difference between news of the US elections and Madeleine McCann	News of the elections is getting old.
What do all the sexy ladies of r/gonewild have in common	Daddy issues
What do Eskimos and Tupperware have in common	They both love a tight seal!
What is ISIS's favorite mathematical operation	Square Root. Anything it is applied to becomes radicalized.
What would you have if your car's  motor was in flames	A fire engine.
What's the internal tempered of a Taunton	Luke warm
What is the scientific term for the useless skin surrounding the vagina	A woman https://youtu.be/8DYje57V_BY
What's the heaviest Chinese food	wonton :3
What type of shoes to pedophiles wear	White Vans.
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts!
What does a fish say when it runs into a wall	Damn!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger become after he resigned as Governor of California	An ex-terminator.
What's Hitler's least favorite planet	Jewpiter
What do my ex and a box of chocolate have in common	They kill my dog.
What does this joke's punchline &amp; a 50 foot penis have in common	You can see them coming from miles away.
What do you call a city full of neckbeards	M'tropolis
What is the volume of a disk with radius z and height a	Pi * z * z * a
What gets louder as it gets smaller	A baby in a trash compactor.
What's long and hard	The sock under my bed.
[OC] What do you call a rodent that sells illegal guns	An Armadealer
What's the difference between a chick pea and potato	I've never paid $50 to have a potato on my face.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	The holocaust.
What do the Catholic Church and a bucket of shit have in common	Neither supports gay marriage.
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese women	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What did the black kid with diarrhea say to his mom	Help! I'm melting!
What did the pillar say when he forgot to wish his friend happy birthday	I'll column later.
What's the difference between a married guy and a single guy	Wait, let me ask and make sure it's ok to tell the joke.
What did the neutrino say to the planet	Just passing through
What's 6 inches long and starts with a P	A shit.
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a limo	A hedgehogs got pricks on the outside.
What's 12 inches long and snaps a cunt	A selfie stick
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they're stuck up bitches.
What do you call someone who keeps trying the same thing again and again, yet expects different results	A weapons designer for the First Order.
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple	At least the pimple waits until you are 14 before it cums on your face.
What do you call a mexican with two dads	No mames!
What do you call a candelabra that refuses to hold candles	A candle-nah-brah
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew	You have to sit at the back seat of the oven.
What's a cheerleader's favorite fruit	(Popsicle stick caliber) Pom-Pomegranate
What kind of charge did the Couch place against the Recliner	Sectional assualt.
What's the difference between pussy and actuall pussy	I dont know, I've only seen kittens out of those two.
What's white, hard, and 12 inches long	Nothing.
What's the difference between Jesus &amp; a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Q: What do cats like to eat on a hot day	- A: Mice cream
What do you call a mountain of puns	Mount Cleverest
What do you get when you mix human DNA with goat DNA	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What do you call a dinosaur you just insulted	T-REKT.
What does Ellen Pao have in common with the girl's mom from 'The Sixth Sense'	The both have no idea why everyone stopped talking and just stared at her.
What did Shakespeare say when his dog messed up the carpet	*""Out, damned spot! Out, I say!""*
What do call a horse that lives near you	A naybor
What do you get if you cross a radio music presenter with Match of the Day	DDDDDDDDDDDDDJ !
What is the worst part about screwing a 7 year old kid	Getting the blood stains out of your clown costume.
What's a Frenchman's favourite social media button	Retweet.
What did the super spy polyatomic ion say when he walked into the bar	The name's Bond, Covalent Bond
What did the snail say when his friend lost his car	Where did Es-car-go.
What's black and doesn't work in an office	Decaf coffee!
Q: What do you call a cat who eats lemons	- A: A sourpuss!
What does a greengrocer weigh	Vegetables.
What is worse than a worm in a cherry	Half of a worm in half of a cherry.
What's the most racist math discipline	Statistics.
Q: What has got four legs and an arm	- A: A Rottweiler in a playground.
Q: What did the big firecracker say to the little firecracker	A: My pop is bigger than your pop.
What did the tooth say to the departing  dentist	...Fill me in when you get back
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall	Dam
what do you call a funny chicken	a comedi-hen
What do you call a North Korean Gorilla	King Kong Un (From my younger brother).
What time is it when your watchdog lets a robber take the family silver	Time to get a new watchdog.
What did the ghost of Kurt Cobain say right after his death	My feet are killin' me!
What's the difference between being artistic and autistic	Just one letter.
What did socialists use before candles	Electricity
What medical condition are Clinton supporters currently experiencing	Tendienitis
What's the difference between a Pokemon Go player and a Facebook user	? Pokemon Go players are only wasting their own time ;)
What did the blonde say when she looked into the box of Cheerios	Wow!! Donut seeds!!!!
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease	One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running c*nt.
What's addicting	The sound an erection makes when it hits a cymbal.
What's Al Qaida's favorite football team	The New York Jets.
What has 4 legs and 1 arm	A pit bull.
What's the difference between r/showerthoughts and Jaden Smith's twitter	Capitalization.
What's the best way to carve wood	Whittle by whittle.
What do you call and Irishman who works in a French cafe	Paddy Hor D'oeuvre
What's the difference between a knife and a feminist	A knife has a point.
What's the best thing about 21 year olds in bed	There's 21 of them
What's the best kind of vegetable to bring to a party	A turn up
What does an airplane and a female have in common	They both have cockpits.
What did the Australian grandmaster say to the waiter after eating	Check, mate.
What does a Muslim man call a girl he is living in sin with	Haram bea
What do hockey goaltenders and Alaskan prostitutes have in common	They only change their pads after the third period.
What do mathematicians say when they encounter a difficult problem	f(x)
What do women and police cars have in common	They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
What do canes and blue pills have in common	They're both ready for use when a man is limp.
What did one lesbian bullfrog say to the other lesbian bullfrog	They're right! We do taste like chicken!
What do you call a hispanic gas	Cabron Dioxide!
What do you become when you run out of coffee	Depresso
What did the dwarf say to the prostitute	Hi-ho
What Does a Man With a 12 Inch Cock Have For Breakfast	This morning I had a boiled egg.
What did the blue denims say to the black denims	I guess we have different genes!
What is a snowman's favorite book	War and Frozen Peas !
whats the difference between a baby and an onion	i cry when i chop an onion
What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle	A violin has strings. A fiddle has straaangs.
What's Subway Jared's favorite TV show	19 Kids and Counting
What do ya call a bunch of guys breaking into a music store and helping themselves to the stringed instruments	Luters.
What's the different between a knife and a feminist	A knife has a point
What do you call a nutritionist who sidelines as an automotive journalist	A carb-o-rater
What do you call a hooker in Alaska	Frostitute
What did the doctor say about the organ donor which died from a clotted artery	at least his death wasn't in vein
What is the definition of trust	Two cannibals giving each other a blow iob.
What's the hardest part about keeping a 12 year old girl in your basement	Finding a new one next year.
What do you call a bunch of black kids playing in leaves	Raisin bran
What kind of dog always needs a shave	A bearded collie!
What do you get if you cross a dinosaur with a curry	A bronto-sore-ass
What is Beethoven doing right now	Decomposing
What did the spice say when it was told it wasn't flavourful enough	Oh come on, I'm only cumin!"" I was so proud when I came up with this jewel.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only one retarded thing has come out of her vagina.
What is the bees favourite film	The Sting !
What is Hitler's phone number	999-999-999
What sex position makes ugly babies	Ask your parents
What did the tree do when he got really nervous	He SOILed his pants I'll^see^myself^out...
What's the difference between having a job and being a homeless drug addict	One takes over your life and turns you into brainless zombie and the other one makes you homeless.
What has long ears four legs and is worn on  your head	An Easter bunnet!
What doesn't get any wetter no matter how much it rains	The ocean
What the difference between Bernie Sanders and a piece of fruit	Pieces of fruit actually get picked for something.
What did God say to all the Jews, Christians and Muslims of the world	nothing
What is a parrot	A wordy birdy!
What do you call a stupid asshole	Ignoranus
What is the stretchiest substance known to man	Human flesh, because in the bible it says that Jesus tied his ass to a tree and walked 100 yards.
What kind of person is sexually excited from looking at young animals	A PETAphile.
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	1 less drunk
What did the terrorist's ghost say	BOOM!
What do you call a man who is too proud of his balls	Ego-Testicle.
What do you call a Transformer who always sees the glass as half full	Optimist Prime
What do you call a plumb in a frock	A damson in this dress.
What do you call an adopted ghost	Transparent
What's a pirate's favorite amino acid	Aaaaaaaarrrrrginine....
What do you call a woman that is beautiful and smart	An actress.
What do you get when you cross the New World Order and risque behavior	The Illuminaughty
What has more lives than a cat	A frog -- it croaks every night.
What is Donald Trump's favourite nursery rhyme	Barack a bye baby
What do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brown	Artificial intelligence.
What religion still believes in the Big Bang	[x-post from /r/imgoingtohellforthis] Islam
What do you call one Mexican on the moon	A problem. What do you call two Mexicans on the moon? A bigger problem. What do you call all the Mexicans on the moon? Problem solved.
What do you call a rude criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What did the chinese guy tell the police when he was caught	You got the Wong guy.
What does a redditor do after his picket fence is installed	He re-posts it.
What did one archeologist say to the other archeologist when he screwed up	I've got a bone to pick with you
What do you call a fish in a hurry	Salman Rushdie.
What do you call a Mexican after he gets electrocuted	Re-fried beans!
What did the mushroom put in his bio for the online dating service	Im a fungi
What's green, has a cape, and flies	Super Pickle!
What's red and invisible	No tomatoes.
What's the difference between sarcasm and a serious statement	What're you asking me for? I have Asperger's.
what is the difference between mosquito and prostitute	One sucks free of cost while the other is paid for sucking
What's the difference between a Kit Kat and an Essex girl	You can only get 4 fingers in a Kit Kat.
What's a French egg's favourite airforce	L'oueftwaffe.
What did the NSA say to Russia after the blizzard	We're Snowden!
What do you call Oprah on drugs	Doprah
What do you call a fisherman who could bait a hook blindfolded, upside down with one hand tied behind his back	A masturbator
What's the difference between a girl with herpes and a leather shoe	If you had to, you could eat the leather shoe.
What do you call a woman rolling around on a beach	Sandy
What did Euler see in the toilet	Natural log
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild	Money.
What does the Italian cat say	Cheow!
Q: What do you get when you cross a perm  with a rabbit	A: Curly hare.
What do Australians call upside down cake	Cake.
What kind of dog does Sauron have	A La-Barad-dur
What's harder than getting a pregnant elephant into a Volkswagen	Getting an elephant pregnant in a Volkswagen.
What's the worst thing about eating vegetables	The wheelchair
What are the similarities between a US handgun and a Feminist	30 of them are triggered every second
What do we want	A CURE FOR TOURETTES! When do we want it? CUNT!
Q: What did the ruler gain a reputation for while campaigning	A: Straight talk.
What do you call a plastic sheep	Lambinated!
What did the boulder say to the other boulder	I rock. You Rock. We Rock. Disclaimer: This joke was made during a 6 hour road trip with the family. My only scenery was rocks.
What's left when a jew takes a shower	Their shackle
What's the difference between a Scotsman and the Rolling Stones	The Rolling Stones say 'hey you, get off my cloud.' the Scotsman says 'hey MaCleod, get off my ewe.'
What kind of dance does your mother do	The MOMbo.
What's the difference between a vegetable and a berry	i can't vegetable my dick so far in your ass whoever could pull it out would be crowned king arthur
What's a pirates favourite video game genre	Arr-PG's
What did the ascetic say when he broke his fast	[OC] I think I'll go on a diet!
What did the left bum check say to the right bum check	He said ""If we stick together, we can stop this shit.
What do you get when The Dark Knight meets Edgar Allan Poe	(x-post from r/funny) [Poetic Justice](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me6ovqdnAp1rzkyaxo1_500.png)
What does pubic hair and parsley have in common	You just push them both aside and keep on eating.
What did the 3 holes in the ground say	Well, well, well
What do you call a stripper donkey	A Horse.
What will be the most useless invention	A waterproof teabag
What gets longer the more you cut it at both ends	A ditch.
What do you call a group of spoiled children	The government
What do is the difference between acne and a pedophile	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're twelve
What does an alcoholic neckbeard drink for breakfast	M'mosa
what do you call a queue of jokers	a PUNchline
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear	White vans
What did the wolfman say to the sentient AI	I am a were
What did the tomato say to the cheese in court	I rest my queso.
What is green, slimy, and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's finger
What do McDonald's and a pedophile have in common	They both stick their meat between seven-year-old buns.
What do you call a magic dog	A Labracadabrador.
What time is it when you sit on a pin	Spring time.
What do you call a black cop	Suicidal.
What does the scientist say when asked if Invisibility Cloak will be applicated by the military	Yes, but you won't see it any time soon.
What do you call a wandering caveman	A Meanderthal.
What do you get when you cross an Indian smoothie with a rescue dog	Mango Lassie
What do you call a ghost at midnight	A sheet in the dark!
What brown, steams, and can be found under a piano stool	Beethoven's last movement.
What do you call someone who hates browsing the web with Google	A Chromophobe.
What is a physicist's favorite social movement	Half-lives matter.
What did Christian Grey say to Anastasia before they sex for the first time	Don't worry, I'll show you the ropes.
What do you call thrusting a hairy rod in and out of your mouth really fast then afterwards spitting out a white liquid	Brushing your teeth
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One's pretty heavy and the other is a little lighter.
What do you call a dog that is also a magician	A Labracadabrador.
What do snakes write on the bottom of their  letters	With love and hisses.
What do you call a coi fish that can't swim	A decoi
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and pimples	Pimples will wait till you're 14 to come on you're face.
What's the difference between a quarter and a nickel	The Hiroshima bombing didn't kill a nickel of a million civilians.
What's 41 times 11	I can't find the answer anywhere.
What starts with P and ends with orn	;) Popcorn.
What monster plays the most April Fool's  jokes	Prankenstein!
What's a New Zealander's favorite car	The Kia Ora.
What do you call a deer that can't see	No eye deer. Say it fast and with a southern accent for full effect.
Whats the difference between a White lie and a Black lie	Half to none of the time.
What's a dogs favorite TV show	Bones.
What do chicks and jobs have in common	They're usually only interest in you if you already have one.
What do you call a black man on the moon	*An Astronaut*
What's a businessman's favourite dessert	Profiteroles!
What did the tomato say to the peach	Nice pits.
What do you call a Frenchman that's been attacked by a bear	Claude
What sound does a dying Turkey make	Coup coup coup
What do you get when you run over geese	Goose bumps
What comes after 69	... Teacher: What comes after 69? Student: Mouthwash. Teacher: Get out!
What travels around the world but stays in one corner	A stamp.
What is brown and sticky	A stick....
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One less drunk. - TommyEdisonXP (youtuber)
What do you call a rotten lamb chop	Food gone ba-a-a-a-a-ad.
What's big and black and excites Reddit admins	A censorship bar.
What's something a white person says a lot, but a black person never says	Hi dad!
What did the people who hung Jesus to the cross say	Nailed it
What do termites put on their toast	Door jamb.
What's black and dosent work	Half of London
What kind of vehicle swerved to miss a talking lizard in the road	Dodged-a-Rango
What do you call a gay couch	A homo sectional.
What do you call a porno starring Rowan Atkinson	A Bean Flick
What do you call an apple filled with cement	Hardcore.
What do you call someone who only speaks one language	American.
What are Mario's overalls made of	Pixels.
What is the most successful hotel	Auschwitz, 6 million stars.
What do you mean I can't identify as a television	Just watch me!
What do you call a woman who stands between two goal posts	Annette.
What does a pig put on it's nose for a sunburn	Oinkment!
What is Facebook	Its a Place where Boy posts a JOKE and Gets no Response &amp; If a Girl Posts the same JOKE , She gets Hundreds of likes , comments and Friend Requests and Lots of PM's .
What do you call it when a man is given an order to take another man out lunch	A MANDATE *snicker*
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynecologist	One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
What did the composer say on a date	I'm a Classic Romantic....I'm also Baroque.
What dries your clothes but can also make you writhe around in agony	A tumblr.
What do you call a dead fly	a flew
Q: What do you call a snake that makes a lot of noise when it eats	A: A slurpent.
What do you call a car if you don't know its gender	Mitsuheshe.
What can a Chicken do that you cannot	Eat with his pecker.
What do you get if you cross a grizzly bear and a harp	A bear faced lyre !
What's a rancher's favorite sex position	Doggy style. You can't really do much else to a horse.
What does a pig use to write his term papers with	Pen and Oink!
What's the difference between a dim monster and a birthday candle	The candle is a thousand times brighter!
What came first - the chicken or the egg	The rooster.
What is the best thing to come out of Italy	An empty bus..
What's worse than finding half a worm in your apple	The holocaust.
What would you call the Flintstones if they were black in 2015	The Flintstones.
What do you call an introspective monk	A deep friar.
What does a male prostitute say when his phone keeps ringing after he's seen 3 clients in a row	FOUR FUCKS ACHE!!
What is the difference between a horse and a duck	One goes quick and the other goes quack!
What disorder will Spiderman get as he ages	Peter Parkinsons
What do you call an exceptionally intelligent gay man	Homogeneous
What do you call a worker in America that will work hard for reasonable pay and never whine	**An immigrant.**
Whats a real pain in the butt	Dry anal.
What do toys and boobs have in common	Both are made for children but it's the fathers who play with them most.
What is the best thing about duct tape	It turns no no no into mm mm mmmm.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine-shaft	A flat minor
What do you give a cannibal late for Sunday lunch	The cold shoulder
What do you call a homeless horse	Unstable.
What did the cannibal comedian say as he battled through his steak dinner	Tough crowd.
What do you tell a mathematician if he does drugs	You're high-on-pot...enuse. Thanks Key&amp;Peele, I'll see myself out.
What does Amtrak have in common with Tom Cruise	They both like to go off the rails Edit: On a side note, I hope all of the passengers, and crew are ok, and recover quickly
what's the fastest animal in the world	An Ethiopian Chicken
What do you do to an Elephant with 3 balls	Walk him and pitch to the Rhino.
What's the difference between a nigger and a pile of dog shit	A pile of dog shit eventually turns white and stops stinking.
What's the most frighting thing you can read in braille	Do not touch.
What makes a grown man cry	Watching his wife and children die before his eyes.
What color were Kurt Cobaine's eyes	Blue. One blue one way and one blue the other way.
What's the difference between a $1000 used car and a Rolls-Royce	One's a grand car and the other's a grand car
What do you call a nosey pepper	jalapeno business
What is very big, gray, and just doesn't matter	An irrelephant.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Why call him? He ain't coming!
What did the Joker say when he was at McDonalds	May I take your order?
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other	See you next month!
What's the difference between me and an egg	An egg gets laid.
What two words have the most letters	Post office.
What's a member of ISIS's favorite game	Mario Kart: Double Daesh!!
Q: What's black and dangerous and lives in a tree	A: A gorilla with a machine gun.
What's the difference between erotic &amp; kinky	Erotic is when you use a feather ; kinky is when you use the whole chicken.
What came first the chicken or the egg	The Rooster
What vegetable has Avoidant Personality Disorder	*Lettuce alone!*
What's a vampire's favorite hobby	In-grave-ing.
What do you call an avocado cut up into 6.022*10^23 times	Guacamole
What do you do when your washing machine breaks down	Give her a slap
What do you call someone who has blonde hair, blue eyes and worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster	A Pastafaryan.
What do you get when you put a live rabbit in the oven	A hot cross bun.
What does a dyslexic klan member hate	Gingers
What language do farsighted people speak	Farsi.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook Password	1forest1
What can 5 men do that 5 women can't do	Pee in a cup.
What's 12 inches long and stiff in the morning	Cot death.
Q: What is 61 to a blonde	A: She wants 8 (ate) more.
What is a pirate's favorite element	Argon
What did one brick say to the other	Guess who's gettin' laid tomorrow!
What happened when five fat French men got in the lifeboat	Cinq.
What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate	A chocolate BAAA
What's the worst part of being bipolar	The fact you love it.
What tea do footballers drink	Penaltea!
What did the Italian baseball coach say about the only woman on the team	Ciabatta very good!
What's a vampire's favorite dance	The Vaults.
What material should you never use to create or build with	Tin that was mined by moles. Anything you make with it melts immediately.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on the keyboard	The space bar.
What do you call a teeth specialist who writes books	An author-dontist Wahey!
What has four legs and goes 'Boo'	A cow with a cold.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Nothing, because he could never come.
What do you call a random complaint in Star Wars	A General Grievance.
What did the leper say the the prostitute	Keep the tip
What does the study of magnetism and self abuse have in common	The Right Hand Rule.
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo Bean	I didn't just pay $500 to have a Garbanzo Bean on my face.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other	See you in 30 days!
What do you call a man who inherits a dairy	A Dairy Heir.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear	White Vans
What do you get if you cross the Lone Ranger with an insect	The Masked-quito !
What do you call oral sex with your GF when she's menstruating	6.9
What planet smells the worst	Poopiter. This joke courtesy of my 7 year old son. He was very proud of it.
What do you call a gold fish with no teeth	A shit-fuck McGee.
What is the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four year old	Eric Clapton wouldn't drop a bag of cocaine out the window
Whats the difference between a catfish and a lawyer	One's a slimy scum-sucking bottom-dwelling scavenger; the other is a fish.
What's a dinosaurs least favorite reindeer	Comet
What do gay horses eat	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!
what do you get when you put a baby in a blender	nsfw an erection
What kind of pizza does Lil Wayne like	Little seizures.
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror	Halloumi
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Punch her in the face.
What's one advantage of electing a woman president of the United States	We wouldn't have to pay her as much.
What do you get when you mix two chains and a cow	Truuuuuuuuuuu-moooooooooooooooooo!!!
What is the difference between a camel and a college student	Camel can go days without drinking!
What do you call a black guy who flies a plain	A pilot, you fucking racist.
What do you call pasta sex	pennetration.
What kind of lizard can run the mafia	The Iguanodon
What colour socks does a bear wear	They don't they have ""bare"" feet.
What's the stupidest, most useless comment that can still earn you some karma	This
What does the narcissistic cow say	Meeeeee!"" I wrote this. I'm now a comedy writer. You are welcome.
What do you call Neil deGrasse Tyson pouring champagne all over his naked chest	An astro-fizzy-tits
What's the best thing about 23 year olds	There's 20 of them.
What is Marios favorite type of pants	Denim Denim Denim
What's the difference between a wife and a dog	The later you get home, the happier one is to see you
Q: What kind of witch goes to the beach	A: Sandwitch
What was the name of that south Korean who had a foot fetish	Suk Sum Toh
What do a short-sighted gynaecologist and a puppy have in common	A wet nose.
What car does Luke Skywalker drive	A Toyoda
What do they say about building an erotic statue	If you build it they will come.
What did the bread say after its massage	Ahh, I kneaded that.
whats the difference between jam and marmalade	..... You can't marmalade your dick into a chick's ass.
What is Gollum's favourite bird	A Smeagull! :D
What does a sassy ghost say	Boo you whore
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye deer. What do you call a deer with no legs and no eyes? Still, no eye deer.
What did the baby owl's parents say when he wanted to go to a party	You're not owld enough.
What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs	Eiffel.
What do fat women get for valentines day	Depressed.
What did the doctor say to the angry midget	I'm going to have to ask you to be a little patient.
What did the pig say when his brother rolled on  him	Heavy!
What did Princess Diana say when she reached the ball	***gagging noises*** PS: I don't know how to spell that out.
What do you call a drunk muslim woman	Stoned.
What did the really ugly man do for a living	He posed for Halloween masks !
What did the dope dealer say after he got a colonic	I don't got shit.
What's worse than locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic	Going in and asking for a coat hanger.
What do you call a divorced FBI agent	Fed-Ex
What do you call 6.9	Yet another great time interrupted by a period.
What did the Chinese man give his daughter	A clothes hanger.
What's the difference between anal sex and oral sex	One makes your whole day, the other makes your hole weak.
What does a Mexican duck say	Guac guac
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
What's the pink panther's to do list	*To do *To do *To do to do to do to do to doooooo
What do you get if you cross a retard and a graffiti artist	Someone who spray paints on a chain link fence.
What should I say	Someone just said I'm in denial But I'm not
What do you call a group of senior Japanese comedians	Comic Sans
What does a novice woodworker have in common with a constipated woodworker	In the end, both are lucky to produce a stool.
What did ron say when he got Hermione pregnant	Fetus deletus
What do black men do after sex	15 years to life.
What do you call an alligator with a vest	An investigator.
What's the worst thing about having a huge dick	Trying to hide it under the skirt.
What are Mario and Luigi's favorite type of pants	Denim, Denim, Denim
What's green and fuzzy and can kill you if it falls from a tree	A pool table.
What did the egg say when asked what a whisk does	Beats me.
What is a crossbreed between an elephant and a rhinoceros called	I don't know, but it isn't *relevant*!
What do you get if you cross a skunk and an owl	A bird that stinks but doesn't give a hoot!
What letter is like a vegetable	The letter P.
What's pink with seven dents	Snow white's hymen
Q: What do you call Robin Hood's mother	A: Mother Hood.
What did the cumulus cloud say to the stratus cloud	Why arent you precipitating? (a joke me and my buddy came up with while driving. and its scientifically correct. lol)
What was Confucius' favorite comfort food	Macaroni and Qi.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing... they just waved.
What are spiders webs good for	Spiders !
What did the scientist say when he stubbed his toe	Flourine Uranium Carbon Potassium.
What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion	A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye.
Whats white blue and rectangular	A fridge with a denim jacket on.
What do you call a blonde geek with cancer	A dumb terminal
What's another term for anal bleaching	Changing your ringtone
What did the black guy see when he went down the roller coaster	His upper lip.
What do you call a German who doesn't eat meat	A Veget-Aryan
What happened when the Samsung Note 7 was launched	It was an explosive success
What makes a joke bad	redundancy.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One is a Goodyear and one is a great year
What did the bunny say when he only had  thistles to eat	Thistle have to do!
What does Patrick Stewart say during tantric sex	Make it slow.
What do you call a red-headed ninja	A ginja... Ensue mildly dramatic slow clapping.
What do you call the mythical cookie baking creatures with strong vaginal muscles	The *kegel*-er elves.
What do you call a cow masturbating	Beef stroganoff!
What do you call a cow masturbating	Beef stroganoff.
Q: What do you call a clock on the moon	A: A lunartick.
What's the highest rated hotel in the world	Aushwitz, 6 million stars.
What did one orphan say to another	Get in the Batmobile Robin.
What kind of letters do feminists send	Hate male.
What did the fireman say when the church  caught on fire	Holy smoke!
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne usually waits until you're 13 before coming on your face.
What do you call a fish with no eye	fsh
What do you call a cow that plays with itself	Beef Stroganoff
What's the tallest building in your city	The library, because it has the most stories.
What is a vampires favorite drink	.
What do you call a bread that catches a cold	Flu-catcher bread
what the black guy get on his SAT's	BBQ sauce
What do you call a modified practice amongst border security workers	A custom custom custom.
What do you call lesbians doing karate	dikewondo
What do you find in the Pope's toilet	Holy shit!
What do you get when you cross-breed a shark and a cow	I have no idea but I wouldn't milk it.
What do your mom and Jesus have in common	They both got nailed
What do you call a female barber	A Bobbitt
What did the leper say to the prostitute	You can keep the tip.
What's the difference between a personal trainer and a bully	None, they still take your money after beating you up. Edit: sorry for the typo.
What do you call a turtle with a hard on	A slow poke.
What's green and eats nuts	Syphilis
What do women and aircraft share in common	They both have cockpits
Q:What did the tornado say to the car	A:('You wanna go for a spin?')
Whats a butt's favorite exercise	High Knees
What do you call a drunk blue hedgehog	Gin and sonic.
What happened to the fly on the toilet	He got pissed off.
What do you call Mary Janes vagina	A peter parker.
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids	Ask your parents
What's a pedos favourite key	A minor.
What was the name of the gay porno staring Macaulay Culkin where he became a prostitute in an attempt to pay his mortgage	Homo-loan
What did Vladimir name his member	Put-in. (In a Russian accent)
What did Jesus say to the Roman guy that pissed him off	Don't cross me.
What's Spider-Mans favorite online music app	Spotafly.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	Can't jelly my dick in your ass
What was Superman's first job	A Clark.
What did the one strawberry say to the other	If you weren't so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence	Udder Destruction. I swear this joke is funnier in person. Try it, trust me. Panty dropper for sure.
What's a flamboyantly gay horse's favorite food	! Likely a mixture of things like grains, seeds, and beet pulp.
Q: What do you call a home sexual on roller skates	A: rolaids
What do you call gay sound waves	Faghertz
What do you call 2 people singing in Hebrew	Jewet :D
What's the same between a smart blonde and a UFO	You keep hearing about them, but you never see one
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	The pickpocket snatches watches...
What has 3 heads, 2 legs, and 4 arms	The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
What do you call a muslim on a plane	A passenger.
What do you call in-flight pilot training	Air conditioning.
What kind of ships can't go in salt water	Snail-boats
What's the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian	One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.
What did the black dude say when his hippie girlfriend asked him to go to burning man with her	Namaste here
What are the similarities between hiring a prostitute and bungee jumping	It's both expensive, short and when the rubber snaps you're fucked.
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again
Whats the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job does not give you a raise.
What has two legs and bleeds	Half a puppy.
What did the right crazy-saggy boob say to the left crazy-saggy boob	If we don't get some support soon, people are gonna think we're nuts.
What are two things dinosaurs can't have for dinner	Breakfast and lunch. I'll show myself out now
What happens when a pope dies	Another pops up.
What did the elephant say to his girlfriend	I love you a ton!
What is the difference between Jesus and Hitler	Jesus fed 5000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish... Hitler made 6 million Jews toast...
What is the worst piece in undersea chess	The prawn.
What did the girl say when she saw a photo on Instagram of an attractive couple at brunch	Bae-goals
What would you call two bananas	A pair of slippers.
What do you call three hundred white guys chasing a black guy	The PGA tour.
What do you call a ghost on the Internet	e-erie.
What do you call the conversation between two birds after they've had sex	Pillowsquawk
What does Gordon program in	FLASH... AAAHHHHHHHH. Its the language of the universe...
What do we want	! A cure for Tourette's!! When do we want it?! Cunt!
What happens when Santa get stuck in a chimney	He gets claustrophobic!
What is the difference between a flea and a wolf	One prowls on the hairy and the other howls on the prairie !
What's the difference between a corn husker with epilepsy and a prostitute with dysentery	One shucks between fits.
What is the difference between a black person and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of 4.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I wouldn't pay 40 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call the occasionally toxic, organic substances that accumulate over the years in a hoarder's house	Horticulture.
What do history teachers make when they want to get together	Dates!
What is it called when your s.o. comes up with reasons to not make love	Sexcuses
What do you call a fat asian	A chunk. (Chink)
What do you call a bulimic magician	Hurlin' Merlin
What do you call a microscope that when you look through it you see really bad things	A horoscope.
What's the fastest car on earth	A rental car.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You may have thought 'Rrrr', but it's really the C
Q: What did the leper say to the hooker	A: Keep the tip.
What pants do ghosts wear	BOO jeans.
What's brown and sounds like a bell	DUNG
What does a hippy say when you tell him to get off your couch	Namaste
What is bright orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot.
What's the hardest part of golf for asians	Driving
What is the horror movie Quija rated	Quija-13
What does a gay horse eat	hAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAyyyy! . . . . . . What does a gay pirate eat? . . . . . **GAY PIRATE FOOD, ARR!!!**
What do you call that gnarly smell around cow pastures	DAIRY-AIR!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile.
what is 50 feet long and only has 3 teeth	The funnel cake line at the Arkansas state fair.
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of bubble gum	Bigly chew.
What do you call someone who draws funny pictures of motor vehicles	A car-toonist !
What do scientists and vegetables have in common	Stephen Hawking
What do you call a Russian Duke who makes butter the old fashioned way	A churn-noble!
What's the difference between a mod and a banana	[removed]
What's the best way to make money with a plus-size modeling agency	Life insurance policies.
What is a firewalker's favorite snack	Tostitos.
What do politics and orgies have in common	A bunch of dicks and cunts trying to screw each other.
What's an argument in the Middle East but a compliment in the U.S.A	You da bomb"" ""No, you da bomb!
What's a Mathematician's favourite Christmas pudding	Yule ln!
What's the difference between the Circus and the Playboy Mansion	The Circus features a cunning array of stunts.
What's a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross country
What kind of dog is a person's best friend	A palmatian!
[Original] What do you call it when two Cox company vehicles pull into your driveway	Double penetration.
What's the difference between a lesbian and a sperm whale	Fifty pounds and a flannel shirt.
What happens to Germans when they eat too many lemons	They become sour krauts.
What does Paul Inces mum make for Christmas	Ince pies!
What do you call a country full of animals that eat a lot and sleep for many months at a time	High-Bear-Nation! ^^*Shit* ^^*where's* ^^*the* ^^*door*
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band	One Direction.
What is the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom	A pickpocket snatches watches...
What don't homeless people get	Knock knock jokes
What do you call Catholics who marry Jews	Cashews!
What is the difference between joghurt and America	If you leave joghurt alone for 200 years, it will grow a culture!
What do you call an Asian Terrorist group	Rice-is
What's 50 Cent's new name	50 Drachma.
What did the baby say to its mother after breastfeeding	Thanks for the mammaries!
what do you call a snail on a ship	A SNAILOR
What has six eyes, four wings and eight legs	Two chickens and a goat.
What's the biggest city in the United States	Obesity
What does an Eskimo do if his house falls down	Igloos it back together.
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter	A cock that sticks to roof of your mouth...
What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common	They both like to crack open a cold one.
What is a crack head's favourite song	Q: What is a crack head's favourite song? A: I wanna rock!!! Well I found it funny anyway..
What do bacteria eat for breakfast	prokaryoats
What do you call a black political figure	A *coon*gressman
What do you call a whistleblower stuck in a blizzard	Snowd-en
What's better than winning the wheel chair basketball championship	Having legs...
What do you call a black ghost	Bill Cosby. He comes while you're sleeping.
What does the Michael Jackson action figure have written on the back of the box	Not suitable for children. Colors may vary.
What profession does it take to screw in a light bulb	Driver
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a swimming pool	Bob.
What did the ground say to the earthquake	It's your fault!
Whats all of this fuss about reposts	I haven't seem any all year! (It's 12:00 NZST)
What did the router say to the doctor	It hurts when IP.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an onion	I'd cry if I cut an onion in half.
What kind of dreams do dustmites have	.............. Mitemares
What do you call a asian and a black guy	? A math problem.
What do you call a flying Grizzly	...a bearoplane
What's the difference between a Chick Pea and Garbanzo Bean	? I've never had a Garbanzo Bean on my face...
What do you call a midget psychic that escapes from prison	A small medium at large
What do you call a kid with no arms or legs at the front door	Matt.
What type of equipment do you operate for abortions	A baby excavator.
What did the Jewish boy get for Christmas	Jealous
What gets harder the more you play with it	A Rubik's cube, you dirty minded individuals!
What's the difference between 69 and 6.9	6.9 has period.
What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow	Reality
What do you call a cow with no right legs	Lean beef.
what did mick jagger say when he caught hugh hefner and dennis weaver in the bedroom together	hey, hugh, get off of mccloud.
What do you call a Japanese suicide bomber	Wasabi
what is the most terrifying sound to a redditor	? pao pao pao...
What did the hipster astronaut say when his space mission arrived at the Sun	Not cool.
What's the best time to visit your Chinese dentist	Tooth hurty
What brand toothbrush do Mexicans use	Oral-E
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken.
What's a pedophile's favorite wing in a children's hospital	ICU
What do you call a skinny tree that raps	Slim Shady
What happened to the wooden car with the wooden wheels and the wooden engine	It wooden go
What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	The farmer shucks between fits!
What did Nietzsche call his Yiddish cab driver	An Uber mensche.
What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	The farmer shucks between fits.
What do you call a group of undead police officers	Zombie Acopalypse
Whats the difference between an anthropologist and a sociologist	Anthropologists hate Western Civilization. Sociologists only hate America.
What is the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil	I've never had a Lentil on my chest.
What did the police officer say to the midget complaining that someone picked his pocket	I can't believe someone would stoop so low.
What did the baker say to the dough before he put it in the oven	You are no longer kneaded.
What's a classic Russian sci-fi film	Czar Wars
What do you call a cat on fire	A fur-nace
What's the best part of running a marathon	Ha! You actually thought I ran a marathon! Jokes on you, I'm just drunk!
What do you call a sleep walking nun	A roamin' catholic.
What would /u/doubledickdude's band be called	The Tu-Wang Clan
What's the most intelligent breakfast	A Stephen Fry-up.
What do you call a midget with Down Syndrome	you call him a little slow
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick! :-D
Whats common between Reddit jokes &amp; Dave	You never get tired of seeing them again &amp; again ...
What does it look like when you microwave a baby	Not sure, I close my eyes when I masturbate
What do they call Redditting on the toilet	Snoo on the loo
What do you get if you cross an alien and a hot drink	Gravi-tea !
What happens when Hillary throws relevant questions	Donald Ducks I'll show myself out
What did the milk say to the cheese	Hey, you're old!
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs	Steven Hawking after a house fire.
What do you call a Russian bovine made out of small flowerless plants	A moss-cow
Whats the difference between a USB and the USA	One has standards.
What question would confuse a transsexual who used to be a woman	Have you ever been abroad?
What do you call a cow that gets hit by a car	A dead cow! (My 5-year old made up this joke)
What do Jewish termites do for Passover	They have a cedar dinner.
What has antlers and sucks blood	A moose-quito !
What do you call a badly cooked beef	A misteak.
What does a chemistry lesson and a night club have in common	Someone drops the acid and someone drops the base.
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	Bird flu you get tweetment, swine flu you get oinkment.
What's the bare minimum	One bear.
What do you call a digital video recorder that cuts down trees and builds dams	A bvr
What's a sheep's favorite type of alcohol	Mutton-schnapps.
What's the best thing about having sex with twentytwo years olds	There's twenty of them..
What kind of dog do IT people prefer	A Dobie
What do people say when they eat very tasty jam	Jaaaam,this is good
What do you call a ubiquitous spud	A common-tater!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dogg	Dr. Dre
What do you call a red-head that works at a bakery	A ginger bread man.
What Do Eskimos Get From Sitting On The Ice too Long	Polaroids!
What's the opposite of effort	F it.
What do you call it when a King gets a vasectomy	A heir cut
whats the difference between a woman and a computer	A woman has no use for a 3 1/2"" inch floppy.
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist	A gun has one trigger.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotofpuss.
Q: What will Bill's favorite retail outlet be after his economic blueprint takes effect	A: Everything's $100.
what do you call water that bounces	Spring water.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back.
What do you call a fruit that won't get married	A Cantaloupe.
Whats BNAG	Its bang out of order!
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry made it out of the chamber alive...
What's the difference between a Boko Haram training camp and a Nigerian refugee camp	I don't know, I just fly the fighter jet.
What is the difference between Jesus and a painting	You only need a nail to hang a painting.
Q: What were the unauthorized protestors guilty of doing	A: Marching banned.
What did the talking cow say to the dog giving birth in front of the feed trough	Moo, bitch. Get out the way.
What does a bi-sexual porn star do at work	Fuck all
What's the difference between fighting on the internet and participating in the paralympics	None, even if you win, you're still retarded.
What is Swizz Beatz's favorite breakfast meal	Alicia Quiche
What is a collie puppy's favorite toy	A chew-chew train!
What do you say to the guy who just jumped in the septic tank	Urine over your head!
What's the most popular family car in Norway	The Fjord Focus
What's the most sensitive part of your body after you masturbate	Your sense of guilt
What do you say to a naked pig	I never sausage a body.
What do you if there is a black out	Make sure your doors are locked and windows bolted shut.
What happened to the man who tried to cross a lioin with a goat	He had to get a new goat !
What happens when you combine TNT with a hard drive	It gets blown to ***bits!***
What type of cow produces both milk and potatos	Your Mother.
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a street on the Mexican border	Wall Street
What's the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits your windshield	it's butt.
What do you call a duck on a rampage	Amok
What does the south call friends with benefits	Cousins.....
What did one penis say to the other penis	I just want to belong
What do you call a robbery in China	A Chinese take away !
What did Davy Crockett say when he looked over The Alamo wall and saw 5,000 Mexican Soldiers	Who the hell ordered a new roof?
What happened to the man who had a Disney character lodged up his rectum	He had the Mickey taken out of him
What do you call a long bike ride with a bunch of cheap wine	Le Tour de Franzia
What do gay horses eat	Haaaaaaaayy!
What did the picture say to the Judge	I WAS FRAMED! I just now made that up. I feel good about this one! ~Skip
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An in-vest-igator (   )
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish	One's a scum-sucking bottom-feeder, and the other's a fish.
Whats the difference between a burglar and an ex-wife	At least the burglar has the decency to leave you the house.
What's the difference between negligence and falling off of the empire state building	Nothing if you're a gorilla.
What do you call a blood vessel with a carrot jammed into it	A carroted artery.
What do you call a jackass in the mafia	A donkey.
What do you call a special needs kid who is late for class	tardy
What do you call a clean Mexican	Spic and span
What's got 24 balls and screws small animals	A shotgun shell.
What's the difference between a radish and a beet	I've never radished off to OP's mom.
What is it called when two celebrities are fighting	Star wars.
What do you call a race where all the runners have no legs	An arms race.
Whats the ISIS members' astrological sign	Sad terrorist
What part of the vegetable can you not put in a mixer	The wheelchair
What do you call Batman and Robin after they got run over by a steamroller	Flatman and Ribbon
What's the most useless thing on a woman	A drunk Irishman.
Q: What did the blonde do when she noticed that someone had already written on the overhead transparency	A: She turned it over and used the other side.
What are cranes made of	Cranium.
What is every young lady`s ultimate Disney fantasy	To sit on Pinnochio`s face and hope he tells lies.
What's the difference between a baseball and a fat girls pussy	You could probably eat a baseball.
What do you call an awkward questioner	I don't KNOW, that's why I **asked** you. God.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly your dick in your girlfriends ass!
What do you call a man with a spade in his head	An ambulance
What do you call a brown guy in between two buildings	Ali.
What did the Banana say to the Vibrator	I don't know why you're shaking, she's going to eat me.
What do you call a bunch of crows that go to church	A mass murder
What did the constipated math teacher do	Worked it out with a pencil.
What to hear a joke	Women's Sports.
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick up your ass!
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
What is 168	Dinner for 4.
What is yellow, fluffy, and hides your slippers	A Labrador Deceiver.
What's the difference between a canoe and a jew	A jew don't tip
What's a pirate's favorite letter	(Most people respond, ""Arrr!"") That's what I thought too, but it turns out their hearts belong to the 'C'.
What do you call a nun with a washing machine on her head	Sister Matic !
What's the difference between a lobster and a bus stop	Ones a busty crustacean the other is a crusty bus station
What Slenderman doesnt have	Facebook.
What is the derivative of 151	Poke(dx)
What has a head, a tail, and no body	A coin!
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	One WALKS on the MOON, and the other fucks little children.
What do you call Mexicans living in the USA	Illegal aliens. LOL
What's the difference between BMWs and porcupines	On porcupines, the pricks are on the outside.
What do you call a lion wearing a cravat and a flower in its mane	A dandy lion !
What type of train can a ginger not ride	A soul train
What do you call a lesbian spy	Lesbianage.
What does an agnostic ... dyslexic insomniac do at night	He lays awake and wonders if there really is a dog.
What is a primate's ideal salary	A gorillian dollars per year.
What's one of the worst things you could come across while surfing the web	Your keyboard.
What do you call a plant getting kidney surgery	A transplant
What do you call a fish without any eyes	A fsh
What did the pirate say when asked how old he was	Aye Matey!
What did little Hitler get for his birthday	His Third Treich.
Q: What bone will a dog never eat	A: A trombone.
What do you call a man who just had his back waxed	A Faggot.
What do you call an angry German	A sour kraut.
What's the inverse of Kansas	Arkansas
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wipes his butt.
What's E.T short for	...'cause he's got little legs
Q: What county in Ireland hates ""South Park	A: Killkenny.
What do you call Bigfoot when he has an attitude	A sass-squatch.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid money to have a garbanzo bean on my face
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, it wouldn't come anyway.
What's the difference between a park bench and a writer	A park bench can support a family.
What happens when you give Donald Trump Viagra	He gets taller.
What's the name of the tree that gives mexicans	The scaffolding
What has 10 letters and starts with gas	Automobile.
What's up dawg	Me: Up dawg Person: What is that? Me: What is what? Person: Whats up dawg? Me: nothing much hbu Person: ...
What's the difference between a baby and a feminist	At some point in it's life, a baby will grow up and stop crying.
what do you call a black man that flies an airplane	a pilot you racist fuck
What do you call a kid who tells bad jokes	A redditor
What do you call Root Beer in a Square Glass	Beer.
What's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity	Digging for booty.
What does eating an old lady out taste like	Depends.
What's it like having sex with a wave	Fucking hertz.
What did the tree say while it was being transplanted	Wheeeeeeeee!!!!!
What do you call a Japanese sociopath who is unaffected by death	Unbereavable
What do you call a monk that operates a door unlocking service	A monkey. (p.s. I have a wonderful, terrible love for bad jokes)
Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't let a garbanzo bean on my face
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a free lunch	Bernie Sanders exists.
What's your favorite rape joke	Here's mine: ______________________________
What's the difference of a wife after 10 years of marriage and the Simpsons' new episodes after 10 years on the air	The wife doesn't suck.
What does D.N.A. stand for	National Dyslexic Association.
What is an astronomer	A night watchman with a college education.
What's the most erotic food you can eat by yourself	Beef strokin'-off
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a scottish sheep herder	One says, ""hey, you! Get off my cloud!"", and the other one says, ""hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!
Q: What did the blonde do when she found out she was pregnant with triplets	A: She went looking for the three guys.
What are jokes about janitors called	Sweeping generalizations.
What hair style is a calf's favorite	The cowlick!
What's Donald Trumps's favorite Christmas carol	White Christmas
What do you call a sick extraterrestrial	An ailin' alien.
What kind of physician works on a  cruise liner	A dry doc.
What does Osama bin Laden and my wife's clitoris have in common	Took me 10 years to find it, but when I did; killed it!
What do you call a parsnip riding a dragon	A parsnip.
What's the difference between a penis and a red light	My girlfriend won't blow a red light.
What do you call a nurse with flat knees	The ""head"" nurse.
What's the best thing about dating a homeless chick	You can drop her off anywhere!
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two kids	Jose and Hose-B
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	Breaking it to your parents that you're gay.
What do you get when you win the laziest man in the world contest	Atrophy.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About half way
What is worse than 7 babies nailed to a tree	One baby nailed to 7 trees:)
What food do vampires hate	Steaks.
What did the flat iron say to the follicle	Now let me get this straight . . .
What did the guy who got fired for always being late say	It was just a matter of time.
What's the difference between Java and JavaScript	Java and JavaScript are similar in the same way car and carpet are.
What do you call a muslim on a plane	A passenger ... You racist bastard.
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew	[well ..](/s""The pizza doesn't scream when it's in the oven"")
What is skeleton	Interviewer:what is skeleton? Sardar:Sir, skeleton is a person who started dieting but forgot to stop it..!!!
What did the guy with 6 children say to the guy with six felonies	I don't know; they were speaking Spanish.
What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas	We don't know; she hasn't opened her presents yet.
What's crunchy on the outside and airy in the inside	A lightbulb.
What does a selfie stick and a tampon have in common	Both have a cunt at the end of them
What do you call a man with no legs	You call him by his fucking name what's wrong with you
What do you say to a dangerously cheesy chicken	Stay out of parms way.
What's the best Brokemon	Ayyyyyyy, brah.
What do you call a lesbian with one leg shorter than the other	Gaylene!
What is your favorite type of wood	Mine is morning.
What's the difference between a bad sharpshooter and a constipated owl	One shoots, but can't hit. The other hoots, but can't shit.
What do you call a spanish child molester	A pedrophile
What type of cereal goes to the gym twice a day	Shredded wheat. I wish I could pin this joke on a 4-year-old, I'm so sorry
What do you call a criminal jazz player	Felonius Monk!
What's the difference between a sperm bank and an regular bank	When you start to make deposits at the sperm bank, you loose interest
What do you call a ghost in a torn  sheet	A holy terror.
What is the meaning of life	All evidence to date suggests it's chocolate.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle, and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle	A tire!
What is a pirates favorite letter	4
What did Courtney Love say before she shot Kurt	Hole is gonna be huge.
What are unicorns who want better working enviroments for their fellow employees	Unioncorns.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*choke*
What do you call a questionable porcine	A Porque-pine
What's better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What did the teddy bear say after dinner	I'm stuffed.
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening	Sex.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other is busty crustacean
What was the deal with that dude wearing a tie and an apron at brunch	He kept writing down everything we said, he gave me the crepes.
What do you call a midget, that escaped prison, that is also a psychic	A small medium at large.
What do we want	! Low flying planes! When do we want them?! Neeeeeeooooowwwwwwwww
What is the difference between a computer and Paul Walker	I give a shit when my computer crashes.
What type of fish needs to be tuned	Tune a fish
What's the aim of a Jewish football match	Getting the quarterback.
What was the last pizza order made to the World Trade Center	Two large plains
What do an eagle and a mole have in common	They both live underground, **except for the eagle.**
What do witches use pencil sharpeners for	To keep their hats pointed.
What do Pavlov's dogs call storefront bell-ringers	The Salivation Army.
What's the difference between the Holocaust and a goat	You can't milk a goat for over 50 years
Whats a frogs favourite game	It's croak-et !
What did one penny say to the other penny	Come with me and we will make cents.
What is long and hard that a Australian bride gets in her wedding night	Dick
What to gay men call hemorrhoids	? Speed bumps
What do you call a spontaneous man named Lee	spontaneously
What did the egg say to the hot water	Give me a minute to get hard, i just got laid by some chick.
What do you call a shish-kebab at a fancy restaurant	A Shish-ke-Robert
What do you call scriptures for blind people	The holy braille
What did the proctologist say when his nurse handed him a beer	I meant a butt light.
What's the best campsite in the world	Auschwitz, received well over three million starts
What's the fastest way to a man's heart	Through his chest with a sharp knife.
What do you get if you cross a river with a bridge	to the other side.
What do you call a cow with 2 legs	Lean Beef
What's ISIS' favorite kind of discount	Blowouts
Q: What kind of floor do dinosaurs' bathrooms have	A: Rep-tiles.
What's the funniest thing you have heard about US Politics	Donald Trump, President of the United States of America
What does an illustrator say to his girlfriend on Valentine	I'm font of you.
What do you get from a cowmedian	Cream of Wit!
Whats the difference between your mom and a mosquito	(not for sensitive peeps) A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it
What do North Korea and my girlfriend have in common	Neither want me coming inside them.
What do you get when you cross hot chicks coming and going, a camera, a guy known for his explosion scenes, and a douche	Possible Transformers sequel.
What do you get if you mix up together an agnostic, a dyslexic and an insomniac	A guy who is up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What does a BYU coed do when she notices people are drinking at a party	She puts her top back on and leaves.
What's the difference between Hitler and a marathon runner	The marathon runner can successfully finish a race
What do you call an epileptic in a deck chair	A transformer.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A Roman Catholic. (Sorry if this is a repost)
What is the hardest part about puberty	(NSFW) My penis.
Q: What is the best time to eat reindeer meat	A: When you're hungry.
What do you call a midget fortune-teller who's on the run from the law	**A small medium at large.** ^(Hope this doesn't get posted often)
What do you get if you cross a  sheep with a holiday resort	The Baaahaaamaaas !
What's the most played song at Amish parties	Churn Down For What
What do all 'Tickle Me Elmo' toys receive before leaving the factory	Two test tickles.
What's the difference between a crow and a raven	All birds have tail feathers that help them fly called pinions. Crows have 3 pinions and ravens have 4. The difference is just a matter of a pinion.
What should I give your sister for unzipping	...... Him : Um, ten bucks? Me : Like for WinZip. PS: Taken from bash.org
What do you call a really, really quiet piece of meat	A shh-kebab. --- I love you too, fellas.
What's the difference between falling 2 ft and 200 ft	200 ft: Aaaaaaaaa, bump 2 ft: Bump, aaaaaaaaa (Yes, it's an old, really old joke. Surprisingly haven't seen it here, yet.)
What do vampires call menstrual cups	Shot glasses.
What should you call a polite friendly kind good looking monster	A failure.
What did the frozen scientist say	It's fine, I'm 0K
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry made it out of the chamber.
What do you call someone who is good at fishing	A Master Baiter.
What does a nosey pepper do	Get's jalapeno business!
What do you call a dog that harasses kids	A pit bully!
What do you call a friar in prison	A felonious monk
Whats the difference between being hungry and horny	Depends where you put the cucumber
What do black people get on their math test	(Warning offensive!) Chicken grease.
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs	Cuntswaylow Bonus: what do you call an Asian woman with no legs? Dragon lips
What do you get if you cross a skunk  and a wasp	Something that stinks and stings!
What does a vegetarian zombie eat	Grains...
Whats the useless skin around the vagina called	The woman... Im sorry
What happens when breed a shark and snowman	You get a frostbite!
What's the difference between a vampire and a cookie	You can't dip a vampire in your tea.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it.
What do you call a guy with no arms or legs that can breathe underwater	Gil.
What do you call a terrible Nature Valley bar	Crummy
What Pablo Escobar And Other Narcos Fear Most	LEGALIZATION
What's an Irish seven course meal	A six pack and a potato
What did the German clock maker say to the broken clock	Ve haff vays of making you tock!
What programming language was used to create piratebay	R.
What do a pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common	They both get to smell it, but they can't eat it.
What did the table fan say to his boss when he couldn't get to work on time	Ah-so-late!
What was the name of the Indian dating site	Connect the dots
What's the best response when someone wastes your time	Answers below please.
What do Little Miss Muffet and ISIS have in common	They both have Kurds in their way.
What does a cannibalistic homosexual sailor eat	Semen.
What's the best way to prepare a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner	Just be *honest* with it man...
What do you get when you subtract the date and time that Tony Stark built an AI from the current date and time	The Age Of Ultron.
What is the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer	One says, ""Hey, you, get off of my cloud!"". The other says ""Hey, McCloud, get off of my ewe!"".
What did Hitler say when the Allies landed on Normandy	Dang, I did Nazi that coming.
What do you call a Bull that masturbates	Beef Stroganoff
What did the thesaurus eat for breakfast	A synonym roll.
What is that thing, which the maker cannot use, and the user cannot see	Coffin
What did the tampon say to the other	Nothing; they were both stuck up cunts!
What do the Japanese do when they have erections	They vote.
What's a Mexican midget barbers favorite restaurant	Little Cesar's
What do you call a pig that has never been tested for an infection	Uncultured swine.
What's the worst part of being a paedophile	It's hard to fit in.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One's a Goodyear. The other's a *great* year.
What happened to the fireman who let the house burn	He got fired.
What is a soccer player's favorite drink	Sham-pain.
What's the best time to go to the dentist	At toothhurty.
What's the hardest part about working as a nurse or doctor at a women's hospital	When you ask the patients ""what's the problem?"" They'll say ""nothing
What does a horny toad say	Rubbit
What do you say when Kanye West does something that annoys you	Kanye not.
What do you call an Indian bloke in a submarine	Mandeep.
What do you call a Muslim optometrist who has no regards for his patients	Asif Eyecare
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall	Dam!
What did the angry inflatable teacher say to the irresponsible inflatable child in the inflatable school	Not only have you let me down, you've let yourself down, and you've let the whole school down!
What's a mouse's least favorite shape	A trapezoid.
What does the Personal Computer and German people have in common	They're both the master race!
What does person with Alzheimer's call What Are You Wearing Today	What Am I Wearing Today
Q: What does a cat say when he likes something	A: It's purrrfect.
What does a man with a big d*ck eat for breakfast	Yeah, I didn't think you'd know...
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish shepherd	Mick Jagger yells ""Hey! You! Get off my cloud!"" The shepherd yells ""Hey! McLeod! Get off my ewe!
What do you call a homosexual in Iran after he's been outed	Low hanging fruit.
What kind of pants does the Pink Panther wear	Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Deniiiiim
What does the Chinese government call an American with a PhD in physics, math and chemistry	STUPID AMERICAN!
what did the captain say when the navigator complained they were off course	don't give me that latitude
What do you call unleavened cheese	Matzahrella
What do you call a black pilot	A pilot, you racist fuck.
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette	Artificial intelligence.
What happened to the Milkman	He drank all the milk.... makes sense no? logically, yes!
What did Ohio say to Oklahoma	Oh, hi ""O"". `ifit'sbaddon'tkillme`
What's the difference between Woody from Toy Story and a priest	Only one of them goes limp when a child walks into a room.
What's the difference between cancer and black people	Cancer got Jobs.
What's the best way to cure seasonal depression	Suicide. -A bit of black humor for black friday
What is the difference between a brown-noser and a s***t head	Depth perception
What does the snowman call his wife	Snowblower
What do you call a Mexican with no car	Joaquin
What did the Irishman text his Wife	Honey I'm down at the pub having a pint with the lads. Be home in about 30 min. If I'm not back by then please read this message again.
What is Pitbull's favorite restaurant	Jason's Dale!
What do you call an extremely flamboyant loaf of bread	A faggette
What do you call a Children's show with some Alcohol added in	Booze Clues.
What's the difference between humor and odor	Humor is a shift of wit.
What did the host say after her guest complimented her on her tea	Thanks, it's my special tea.
What would be a Jew's fighting stance in mortal kombat	Jew jipped you!
What gun does Jesus hate the most	The nail gun. So sorry if this offends you Credit to the /r/pka podcast
What do you call 100 cows masterbating	Beef Strokenoff
What are you called if you are paid to be a thing	A pro-noun!
What's the real reason old men take Viagra	So they don't roll out of bed!
What do you call the process of a robot clearing its artificial nose	An olfactory reset.
What do you call a one-legged Asian woman	Irene.
What is brown and gray has eight legs and is carrying a large trunk and a small trunk	A Chihuahua on vacation with an elephant.
What do you call a vampire junkie	Count Drugula.
What do you call an operation on a rabbit	A hare-cut.
What is green and smells like bacon	... Kermit's finger
What happened to the blind surgeon	He got the sack.
What did my step-dad say before bludgeoning by brother to death with a vacuum cleaner	Dyson.
What do you call 4 dogs and a black bird	Spice girls
what's the cheapest force	centrifrugal
What's al Qaeda's favorite football team	The New York Jets.
What's the worst part about shaking a one-armed man	You know that's his masturbating hand
What do vegan white nationalists chant at rallies	Sieg-Kale, Sieg-Kale!
What is the best part about having sex with twenty eight year-olds	There are twenty of them.
What do nuns do when they get horny	They come to Jesus.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
What is the difference between a robot and a sandwich	Everything. These two objects have nothing in common.
What is the proper definition of indefinitely	When your balls are slapping her butthole you know you are in definitely.
What's grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow	An elephant rolling down a hill with a daisy in its mouth!
What does a snowman say to his son on his birthday	(dad joke) Happy Brr-day son!
What's a polar bear	It's a Cartesian bear after a co&amp;ouml;rdinate transform.
What did the elephant say to the naked man	.. How can you breath through that thing.
What does Bob Marley put on his toast	Peanut butter and jammin!
What's the only thing worse than a worm in your apple	Reposts
What were the French children doing in the pool	Piscine.
What's a moo hoo for the sound you hear when a cow spits	A cud thud!
What do you call a folder on FBI's servers that contains all the intel on known child molesters	A Pedo File.
What's the #1 horror movie in the far east	The Sirens of the Rams.
What do you call a singing computer	A Dell
What was the vegan rock band's first hit	Lettuce turnip the beet!
What do you call repetitive diarrhea	Re-runs. (ba-dum, tss) It's just the same shit over and over again.
what's a pirate's favourite letter	you may think it's R, but his true love be the C!
What do you call Taylor Swift when she squats low	No ass to the grass
What did Helen Keller say when she won the lottery	uunnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg!
Whats the V in DVD stand for	Cuz if it were lying down it wouldnt make any sense. (first post to reddit, made up this joke today .. be kind)
What's common between a lawyer and an eccentric billionaire with bad teeth	Both have a very expensive retainer.
What's six inches long, has two nuts, and gives women big bellies	Almond Joy.
What do you call a German living in Canada	A leder hoser.
What do you call the second-most hated politician in America	Madam President.
What do you call a noisy Chinese dog	How-Ling (my dad wanted me to post this)
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What do you call a group of rioters attacking a music store	Luters
What happened to Mr. Potato Head when he smoked weed	He got baked.
What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies	Bingo
What's the difference between Myspace and My space	One Space.
What do you call a nice looking WWII german solider	A Neo Hotzi
What do you call a gathering of Arthur's Knights	A Sir conference.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with the Internet	I don't know but it's e-nourmous.
What do fat white chicks and bricks have in common	They both get laid by Mexicans.
Whats brown and sticky	anal
What's Lil Wayne's Favorite French Movie	AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE
What's grey and never needs ironing	A drip dry elephant !
What do you call a cowboy with erectile dysfunction	Clint Southwood
What make an ISIS joke funny	the execution
What's red and has 7 dents in it	Snow White's cherry.
What is the point of owning a fish	They are just furniture with the ability to die.
What is Shaka's favorite Japanese food	Shakitori!
What weebles and wobbles but can't get up	Grandpa having a seizure. Bonus: Statistically speaking, 1 in 5 adult men
What's the deal with the Z Fighters	They aren't fighting to stay awake!
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm	Being raped
What do you call a helicopter with a bad paint job	A patchy gunship
What is the difference between a bag of cocaine and a toddler	Eric Clapton won't let a bag of cocaine fall out of the window.
What's the difference between a goat and a kid	I stopped butchering goats.
What did the black student get on his SATs	Barbecue sauce
What's the difference between an American and a British prostitute	... ...one pounds for work the other works for pounds
What is a cannibal's favorite food	Baked Beings.
What did the mathematician's apprentice say when he didn't get acknowledged	Notice me sin() !!!
What do you say to a kid if they give you a picture	That's pretty shit mate. My 20 year old cousin who has no arms can draw better than you. You have no talent, deal with it.
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal
What do you call an African American astronaut	An astronaut you racist Jerk.
What is the preferred newspaper of lighting fixtures	The Lamp Post.
What do you call a black guy that flies a plane	A pilot, you f'n racist!!
What is the difference between homeless and vodka	Vodka does not freeze
What is the difference between Jelly and Jam	I have no fucking idea.
What did the woman say after 5 guys came on her for a porn video	Thank you all for coming!
What happens to a plate made out of cookies when you drop it	It chips.
What did the Cannibal get for dinner after offending his wife	The cold shoulder.
What's red and smells like green paint	Red Paint
What do you call a Sith Lord who lives in the woods	Darth Deciduous
What do a near sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common	A wet nose.
What falls down faster from a tree, a leaf or an emo	A leaf. The rope catches the emo.
What's worse, ignorance or apathy	I don't know and I don't care.
What do call having to settle for buying corn	Compra maize.
What do you call a shy, soft-spoken hipster	mumblr
Whats the difference between a black man and Batman	Batman can go to a store without robin.
What did the cactus say to his wife	'Aloe Vera!
What would you get if you crossed King Kong with a skunk	I don't know but it could always get a seat on a bus!
Q: What's Mary short for	A: She's got no legs.
What you you call a girl you meet on Reddit	You don't.
What is the bank manager's favourite type of football	Fiver side!
What's the difference between a deaf person and an Italian	One talks with his hands and makes goofy noises, and the other one can't hear.
What's the worst part about being a black Jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What do you call a cow if he enjoys burgers	A cannibull
What music does a balloon really hate	Pop
What do people call Mozart and Beethoven after they died	Decomposers
What do you call an underwater dog	Scuba Doo
What do you call an overweight Mexican	A MAXican
What do they call diarrhea at Hogwarts	expellianus!
What does the perverted frog say	Rubbit.
Whats the opposite of feminism	Common sense
What do you call it when a crow throws a party and no one shows up	An attempted murder.
What does the fox say	Go republicans!
Q: What is lemonade	A: When you help an old lemon across the street.
What would Valve call the next world war	A Global Offensive.
What is the most prudent thing to do when someone is having an epileptic seizure in a hot tub	Throw in your laundry.
What does the Redditor do every morning	Hit the snoos button.
What Will Come After Fuller House	Fullest House. Then, Get Out of My House
What do you find hanging from cherry trees	Your arms have gotten sore.
What's the least spoken language in the world	Sign language.
What's the difference between 9/11 and your birth	One was planned.
What do you call lesbian eskimos	Klondykes
What's red and invisible at the same time	No tomatoes.
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and bigfoot	A: Bigfoot has been sighted.
What is Paula Deens Least Favorite Pokemon	Butterfree
Q: What are the three types of men	A: The handsome the caring and the majority.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim, denim, denim. edit: (works best if said out loud)
What do you get from a dollar-an-hour hooker	A lot of bang for your buck.
What did the Mexican wife say to her Husband	You'll never be president, Jeb.
Q: What do you get when you mix a rooster with a  telephone pole	A: A 30ft cock that wants to reach out and touch someone
What's an Arab's favorite car	Citroen C4
What do you call a dinosaur in a car accident	A Tyrannosaurus Wrecks. EDIT: Spelled ""Tyrannosaurus"" incorrectly.
What do you call a mushroom with a 12 in stem	A fungi to hang out with
What's Darth Vader's sister's name	Elle Vader. *Badum tsssss*
What gets easier to pick up, the more it weighs	Women
What do blind trains read	Raile!
What did the fish say when it ran into a wall	Dam
What Would Darth Hitler Say to His Son	Look, I am your Fuhrer.
What was Marie Curie's fitness program on the airwaves called	Radio-Activity
What's another name for a Jew	A sneeze.
What is the speed limit during sex	68; once you get to 69 you have to stop and turn around.
What's the difference between a black man and happiness	You can't buy happiness!
What's the difference between Jesus and an oil painting	You only need one nail to hold up a picture.
What do 9/10 people enjoy	Gangrape
What did the Jihadist say when he had explosive Diarrhea	ALLAHPOO AKBAR!
What do you call 5 black guys having sex with each other	A threesome
Whats the difference between a black guy and a bench	The bench can support a family.
What is the best kind of dog to direct traffic at a busy intersection	A pointer!
What's the difference between an athlete and Hitler	An athlete succeeds in ending a race.
what do you call a gay guy on roller skates	Rolaids
What are a musician's favourite letters	P and O.
What happens when you put a condom inside another condom	Conception
Q: What did one teddy bear say to the other teddy bear when he offered him some dessert	A: No thanks, I'm stuffed.
What was the main difference between the war in Vietnam and the war in Iraq	George Bush had a plan to get out of Vietnam.
What's green and chokes superheroes	(NSFW) The Hulk's cock
What does a man with a 10-inch penis eat for breakfast	I had a bagel.
What holds the moon up	Moonbeams.
What kind of apple isn't an apple	A pineapple.
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple	The holocaust
Whats the worst part about a threesome	Watching your parents fuck
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common	A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GcvgsWkSY8
What do you find up a clean nose	Finger-prints.
What can you add to any food to make it taste better	The word ""free
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	A pilot, of course.
What sound does a pool make when someone you don't like jumps in	DOOOOUUUUCCCCHHHEEEEEE!
What did the memory say to the processor	If you apply a voltage to me, I'm going to flip a bit!
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAAND EYYEEEEEEEE
What's the difference between Joan Rivers' face and Kate Upton's tits	5000 views
What do you call it when you poop and masturbate at the same time	Two turds with one bone
What's more awkward than getting a boner in public	Your girlfriend getting a boner in public.
What do you call someone who gets sexually excited by the American Standard Code for Information Interchange	An ASCIIphile.
Q: What kind of work does a weak cat do	- A: Light mouse work.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	Ones a goodyear and the others a great year.
What did Russia say to Ukraine after the conflict was over	Cry me a peninsula.
What do you get when you squeeze a synagogue	Jews.
What do you get when you play a country song backwards	You house back, your wife back, your dog back, your truck back...
What did the zombie farmer say he wanted	Grrraaaaiiinnns...
What's the object of Jewish football	Get the quarter back.
What drinking game is Hillary Clinton best at	Flip Cup (coin)
What's the difference between erotic and kinky	It's erotic if you use a feather, but it's kinky if you use the whole chicken!
Q: What's the range of an accordion	A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm!
What band performed at the Jefferson memorial	Nickelback
What does a lion at the beach have in common with Christmas	(as told by my first grade daughter) They both have Sandy Claws. BOOM!
What do you call a Native American girl that is really good with directions	A Navajo.
What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant	About 3000 miles !
What is it called when a black man murders his friends	Homiecide
What do you call a one night stand with a robot	Nut and bolt
What do you call a cow that can't make milk	An udder failure!
What's a redditor's favorite form of math	substitution
What do they do at a prom for a school of the mentally disabled	Slow dance.
What do you get when you cross an apple with a Christmas tree	A pear. P.s. got this joke in a cracker. If anybody gets it can you please explain it. My family is stumped.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a convicted serial sex offender	Convicted
What is the first rule of eating a banana	One. Never look someone in the eyes. What is the second rule? Two. Never look up.
What do Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder have in common	They're both NIGGERS!!!
What do you call a lightbulb that holds the door for you	A polite bulb.
What do you call Brienne's Dad	Tarth Vader.
What do nine out of ten people enjoy	A gangbang.
What do you call a phobia of machetes	Common sense
What's a butcher's favorite city	Cleaveland
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus
Q: What do you get if Bach dies and is  reincarnated as twins	A: A pair of Re-bachs.
What's the best part about going to a holocaust museum	Free fap material
what tea is hardest to swallow	Reality
What's the most disappointing country in the Middle East	Oman
What do rappers use to write their lyrics	Word,yo.
What is brown and runny	Usain Bolt
What instrument does God play	He plays the cello. As it says in scripture: ""Our God is a cellist God.
What do religions and gender have in common	You hear about a new one every day and none of them make any sense.
What's a European immigrant's favorite high school sport	Cross country
What do lovesick owls say when it's raining	Too-wet-to-woo.
What does Snoop Dogg eat when he visits Germany	Schiznitzel.
What's the difference between a singer-songwriter and a puppy	A puppy eventually grows up and stops whining. Thanks to PuddinHead742 for this one.
What time does Sean Connery attend the Wimbeldon	tenish.
What did a young Pink Panther sing when he was playing with his magnifying glass in the back yard	Dead ant; dead ant; dead ant dead ant dead ant...
What's Hitler's favorite drink	Genocider
What dose a device that makes electricity and a person who likes a comment on caitlyn's face book page have in common	They are both generators (jenner-rater)
what do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed	Some baked beans
What's the difference between your mom and a mosquito	Your mom doesn't stop sucking when I smack her
what did the drummer say to the Chinese man that called him gay	first i bang the drums then i bang ur mom
What are the unspoken rules of sign language	All of them
What was the gay Swedish guys favorite thing to do	Give Swedish handjobs.
What's ten inches long, has a bright purple tip, and made my wife cry when I made her eat it after jamming it up her ass	Her stillbirth.
Q: What's the opposite of a somersault	A: A winter pepper.
What do you call a woman with one leg	Eileen.
What's an epileptic's motto	Carpe diem.
What do you call an affectionate island	Isle of view
What does a Jedi use to open files	Adobe-wan Kenobi
What is the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick down someone's throat.
What does your mother's face and a Pillar and have in common	They're both load-bearing
What's the KKK's favorite Christmas song	White Christmas.
Whats the difference between a hippie on fire and a lifetime supply of patchouli	I don't wish for a lifetime supply every time I smell patchouli.
What is a worm's favorite city in Alabama	Squirming-ham
What do 'Game of Thrones' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common	Icy dead people
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Mercedes	Pricks are on the outside of the porcupine.
What do you get if you cross a worm and a young  goat	A dirty kid !
What did the policeman say to his stomach	Your under a vest
What did the man with five penises say	These underpants fit like a glove!
Whats the difference between Iron Man and iron woman	One is a superhero the other is a simple instruction
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	America can't milk a cow for 14 years.
What side of a leopard has the most spots	The outside
What's Jamaica's greatest superhero	Dreadpool
What would George Washington do if he were alive right now	Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.
What did the toilet say to the pee	urine
What do you call someone who murders a hundred people with a potato masher	A mash murderer.
What did the kid say to his mother right before he went to India	Mumbai
What do you call a person who delivers Indian food	Currier.
What is an elf's favourite kind of birthday  cake	Shortcake!
What do a dog and a nearsighted gynecologist have in common	A wet nose.
What do you call a biker on her period	A menstrual cyclist!
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my chest
What do you call a person who is missing his left eye, left ear, left arm and left leg	Alright.
What's the difference between a horse	The orange has handlebars
What's the best way to reward a fat waitress	Cow tipping.
What did people say after two satellite dishes got married	The wedding was dull, but the reception was great.
What do a tampon and a redsox season ticket holder have in common	Both have a great place to go but at a terrible time.
What do you call a chicken with no neck	A Hic. ----- wife hit me with this one today. Remove the n. E. C. And k. From chicken and it spells hic. I'm sorry Reddit.
What did John Muir say to get the attention of a Jewish man	Yo, Semite!
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I didn't pay 50 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on me.
What's furry has whiskers and chases outlaws	A posse cat !
What kind of amphibian is in charge of the salad bar	a salad-manager
What's the best way to kill a one-legged fox	You make him run across Canada...
Whats red and sits in the corner	A naughty strawberry
What do you do when you see a space man	Park the car, man.
What do you call a Nun that bites her nails	A bad Habit. I'll see myself out.
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus himself	You only need one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
Whats the sickest piece of art	Pneumonia Lisa
Q: What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde	A: When you slap a mosquito it will stop sucking.
What is Polands national sport	Paintball
What's the difference between a psychologist and a magician	One pulls rabbits out of hats and the other pulls habits out of rats.
What do you get when you mix a car and a refrigerator	A car-brrrrr-etor I'll see myself out.
What did the stop light say to the car	Don't look I am changing
What did the elephant say to the horn-less rhino	Rhino horn?
What's the difference between a chocolate bar, and a cop	One will kill your dog, the other's a chocolate bar.
What do you call a mean general	General Average
What sound does a Chinese cat make	Mao
What's the difference between a violin and a viola	The viola takes longer to burn.
What did the Nazi Police Officer Give to the Schoolchildren	SWAT Sticka's!
what do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Hellifikno
What do you call a bread place that doesn't make any money	A Naanprofit!
What's a Jawa's favorite salad dressing	....TAHINI!!!
What's Bill Cosby's New Favorite Snack	Jail-O
What do bricks and Latinas have in common	They both get laid by Mexicans...
What's better than a gold medal at the Paralympics	Working legs.
Whats Harry Potters favourite way of getting down a hill	walking. JK ROLLING
What do you call a tornado holding a spork	The Mersenne Twister.
What's the difference between Belgian waffles and American waffles	Belgium waffles crumble in the hands of German.
What did the Mongols put on their Hamburgers	Khan-diments.
What do you call a person who supports abortion yet believes it's murder	A psychopath.
What do you call a lazy sandstone	A sedentary rock.
What is the difference between Coors Light and a lake	The can
What did Bernie Madoff say to Bernie Sanders	I'll take your money!
What was Hitler's favorite breakfast cereal	Reich Crispies.
What do Zero and Nil have in common	Absolutely nothing
What is small, red and square	A small red square.
What do West Africans eat for breakfast... E-bowla Cereal What do east Africans eat for breakfast	Nothing...
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't care.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't care!
What's worse than a polar bear	A bi-polar bear.
What type of plant can you use to make phone calls	A telefern
Q: What did the snowman and his wife put over their baby's crib	A: A snowmobile!
What effect does global warming have on Pennsylvania	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
What did the tampon say to the other	Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What is Palpatine's favourite breakfast pastry	Coruscant
What do you call a mexican who last his car	Juaquin.
What did Sonic say during Ramadan	Gotta go fast!
What did Abe Lincoln say after a three day drinking binge	Wait... I freed ***WHO***?!?!?
What do you call a guy with a rabbit up his arse	Warren
What do you call a mexican hitchhiker	El Paso
What has two wings and a halo	A Japanese phone, Wing wing, ""Halo?
What is the difference between me and my couch	My couch pulls outs
What's the difference between Pastor Maldonado and a bus driver	One is a highly skilled professional driver, and the other is in Formula 1.
What does a masturbating Latvian sound like	One potato two potato three potato splat!
Whats the difference between the circus and a strip club	Circus is full of cunning stunts.
What travels down an alley and has holes in it	Bruce Wayne's parents
What did the lesbian vampire say to her girlfriend	See ya next month!
What was the last thing that went through the bugs head after he hit the window shield	His ass
WHAT DO WE WANT	AN END TO AUTO-CORRECT ERRORS! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? COW!!!!
What do you call an artist in a dark alley	Sketchy
What does an optimist call the World Trade Center	San Diego.
What type of truck takes a very long time to reach its destination	A log n truck.
What did Mike Tyson say to the Death Star elevator attendant	Sith floor pleaths
What's the difference between a semicolon and a cat	One has a pause at the end of it's clause, the other has claws at the end of it's paws.
What do you call Batman when he skips church	Christian Bale
What's Hitler's favorite letter	Well, it's not Z.
What does acid reflux and dubstep have in common	They both get better when you drop the ""base"".
What do you call a Mexican Ghost	A Juanting.
What do the jingle bell rock and an irritating girl with a cold commenting on a YouTube video have in common	A one horse sleigh And one *hoarse* ""slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay"" (omg yaaaaaasssss)
What do Jedi use to view PDF files	Adobe-Wan Kenobi
What is the best kind of plate for a continental breakfast	... a tectonic plate!
what did the breakfast burrito say after an all-nighter	I'm egg-sausaged
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snowballs.
What did 2 say to 3 about 6	Oh don't mind him, he's just the product of our times!
What did the necrophiliac have when his grandmother died	Mourning wood
What's a slave's favorite type of music	House
What's worse that burning the turkey on thanksgiving	Being a starving African Child.
What type of bagel can fly	A plain bagel!
What's the difference between a government bond and a man	*The bond matures.*
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What do Michael Jackson and someone that come in second place have in common	They both cum in a little behind!
What do you call a doctor who is always available	An oncallogist.
What do you call a black man who flies airplanes	A pilot, you fucking racist.
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	A letter from an ISP saying they've been downloading illegally.
What has no legs, nor arms, but sucks a mean dick	A vacuum cleaner.
What do you call a porno with conjoined twins	2 girls 1 muff
What did one sunbathing pig say to another	I'm bacon.
What do you get if King Kong sits on your piano	A flat note.
What's the best thing about getting Reddit at a young age	Getting tired of sandwich jokes before embarrassing oneself on one's first date.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	keep the tip.
What's better than 29 year olds	20 9 year olds (   ) Sorry
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted!
What do you call an armless obese jew	Names.
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted.
What do you call a racecar driver	A racist
What's good for the soul and rarely found in America	A sense of humor.
What book do you look in to find the best insults	A Dicktionary.
What do you call a pile of dogs	A ruff terrain.
What does the mafia and a girls pussy have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in shit!
What's one good thing about Switzerland	Well I guess the flag's a big plus
What do ghosts give birth to	Boo-bies.
What pen company did Lance Armstrong buy	Uniball
What did the Mexican kid get for his birthday	My bike :(
What's the difference between a poodle humping your leg and a pit bull humping your leg	You let the pit bull finish.
What is cookie monsters favorite war	Vietnom nom nom nom
What do you call a dwarf psychic on the run	A small medium at large.
What's the difference between a large pizza and an art student	A pizza can feed a family.
What did Meghan Trainor say when she got mugged	Please sir, I don't want any treble.
What do you call a sad asparagus	Despairagus =/
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay to see a lentil.
What kind of papers do dogs write	A ruff draft.
What is evil and ugly and goes at 125  mph	A witch in a high speed train.
What do you call a Chinese lady with no legs	Dragon lips. And a Mexican lady with no legs? Consuelo.
What do you call a lost nun	A Roman Catholic
What did the male telescope say to the hot female telescope	HUBBLE HUBBLE!
What do you get if you cross a soldier and a scientist	A marine biologist.
What's long, dark, and stinks	The unemployment line.
What do you get when you combine a mountain climber with a mosquito	Nothing! You can't cross scalars and vectors.
What do you call an Indian man who fought for years for peace that then transitioned into a woman	Mahatma Gone-D
What Does an Old Lady's Vagina Taste Like	Depends.
What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight	Don't look! I'm changing!
What do you call a pretzel that got his ass kicked	A salted pretzel
What is long brown and sticky	A poo
What's the difference between a chickpea and lintel	I've never had a lintel on my chest.
What do you call a cow that can go 3000 feet per second	A bull-ette.
What did Kermit the Frog say when Jim Henson died	...nothing.
What do you call a 5 year old kid with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor All they wanted was books but instead they got magazines
What do Kanye West and North Korea have in common	They are both being screwed by a person named Kim.
What is the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist	A catholic will say ""hello"" to you in the liquor store.
What do you call a Donald Trump protestor's favorite word game	Mad Libs.
What gets bigger every time I see my wife	My wife.
What do fruit punch and a punch to the face have in common	Both can knock you out at a party.
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline	I take my shoes off before jumping on a trampoline
What did the boob say to the other	You're my breastfriend"" *Badumm Tits*
What company makes the best fireworks	Spacex
What do you call a very religious person who sleep walks	A Roman Catholic.
What's Stephen Hawking's favorite meal	His shoulder. One more...what's black and sits at the top of a staircase? Stephen Hawking after a house fire. I'm so sorry
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter. It can't come to you anyway.
What animal do psychiatrists bring in to mental hospitals to help patients with social anxiety	Squirrels; they're the best at getting nuts out of their shells.
What happened to the little frog who sat on  the telephone	He grew up to be a bellhop!
What do you call the useless skin around the vagina	The woman
what was Hitler's favourite drink	mountain dew
What does it sound like when a Pterodactyl urinates	There is no sound... The P is silent.
What is it called when a ninja flees the scene of an accident	Hidden Run.
What is the definition of ""making love	It's something a woman does when a man is fucking her.
What does farm animal porn sound like	Brownchickenbrowncow
What happens when two girl rabbits really like each other	Bunnylingus!
What's the best way to start an underwear presentation	Start with a brief introduction.
What is Mr. T's favorite month	April, fools
What's John Lennon's favorite card game	Yoko Uno
What do stupid kids do at Halloween	They carve a face on an apple and go bobbing for pumpkins !
[NSFW] What's green, and smells like pork	Kermit the Frog's finger.
What do you call a nosey pepper	Jalapeno Business
Q: What do you use to tie saplings to a piano so the saplings won't blow away	A: Root position cords.
What does a tweaker and a Jehovah's Witness have in common	Both ride bicycles and are on a mission.
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest	Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
What's the definition of apathy	I don't know, and I don't care.
What did the Canadian Reddit user say	Ehhhhh lmao
what kind of bees make milk	BOOBEES!
What makes perfect sense	The U.S. mint (cents)
What do you call an alligator that wears a vest	An investigator.
What's a bartender's favorite book	Tequilla mocking bird.
What's the difference between a church bell &amp; a politician	A church bell peals from the steeple.
What did Tennesee	? What Arkansas..
What did the fish say for stinking up the sushi restaurant	I am saury.
What do you get when you push a cow out of a plane	Ground beef
Q: What are swearing outdoor grills powered with	A: Profane tanks.
What's the best part about fucking twenty-two year old's	They are in their sexual prime.
What Do Bernie Sander Supporters Call Their Parents	Roommates
What do you call a one legged rapper	A Hip-Hop artist
What do you call a pickled female deer	A dilldoe.
What's the shortest book ever written	French War Heroes.
What is the difference between outlaws and inlaws	Outlaws are wanted.
What kind of eye disease do vampires get	Dracular degeneration.
What's the difference between hungry and horny	Where the cucumber goes.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	Aye Matey.
What did Delaware	Idaho. Alaska
What's the difference between Rob Ford and a circus sideshow freak	One's a fat, ugly, disturbing waste of money. The other's married to a bearded lady.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Wheres my tractor.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An Investigator!
What did one ethuastic Electrician say to the other sad Electrician	Don't feel bad, YOU CONDUIT!!!
What happened to the muslim critic	He blew everything out of proportion!
What is the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with a light on.
What animal has five legs	A pitbull returning from a playground.
What was the man running around	- from my 5yr old son Because he wanted to catch some sleep.
What do you call it when trash pandas pleasure each other orally	Coonilingus
What do you get if you deep fry Santa Claus	Crisp Cringle.
What's the rudest kind of elf	A go fuck yours-elf
What do you call a flying jew	Ash
What's the similarities between Las Vegas and Manchester	You can pay for the prostitutes using chips
what is in common between h.clinton and ronda rousey	they both won the popular vote
What crime was committed against the coffee	He was mugged.
What do clothes and religion have in common	Someone invented them and forced them on everyone.
What kind of people should you stay away from	Trees. They're quite shady.
What do you call it when you use Icy Hot as lube	Fire in the hole!
What did the mathematician use to kill himself	An hypotenuse.
What does a pirate say on his 80th birthday	aye matey!
What is it called when a hacker poops	Logging out
What do you call a religious termite in Hungary	Buddha-pest
What do you call a group of hot moms in space	THE MILFY WAY!
What do you call a sheepdog's tail that can tell  tall stories	A shaggy dogs tale !
What app do you use to browse Reddit on your phone	9gag
What do you say to a guy with kidney stones	Urine trouble.
What do you call Trump riding the presidential plane	Hair Force One
What do you say to a guy with kidney stones	Urine trouble!
What do you call a Mexican Gummy Bear	Delici**OSO**!
What's the difference between a slab of meat and someone who hates high school students	One's protein, the other's anti-teen.
What is a professors favourite snack	Academia Nuts.
what do you call a red head's problem	a ginger ail
Q: What thoughts do Blondes have after reading these jokes	A: None as usual... and they most likely didn't understand them either.
What do you call a protein that has anger management issues	Amino acid!
What do you call a drunk dinosaur	A stagger-saurus.
What did one plant say to the other plant that was annoying him	Please leaf me alone! Or I'll tell my mom, and you'll get in trouble.
What did the imam say to Betere when he disrespected Muhammad praise be his name	Ah jihad to Betere. ^^Ah ^^you ^^had ^^to ^^be ^^there
What's the difference between Rob Ford and an Ethiopian child	Rob Ford has more than enough to eat at home.
What do you call a nursing home with a buffet	A Golden Corral.
What do you call a Scotsman that's been strangled to death by his own clothing	Kilt.
What did Sushi ""A"" say to Sushi ""B	Wasabi!
What do you call a funny mosquito	Malarious -My gf's homemade joke
What do you call Albert Einstein giving a handjob	A stroke of genius.
What is the loneliest bayou in Louisiana	Bayou self
What's a masturbator's favorite type of weather	Jack-it weather!
what do you call an alligator in a vest	... An investigator
What's the difference between the United States and some yoghurt	After 200 years, the Yoghurt develops a culture.
What's easier to unload, a truck full of bowling balls or a truck of babies	The babies of course, you can use a pitchfork!
What goes well with a mans jean jacket	A suicide note.
What's the difference between a mouth and an asshole	..... Some people can't figure out which one to speak out of.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WAAAAAAAAAATAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a man who cleans your house	Dustin.
What do you call an uneven body of water	An inconsistensea.
What did the sign on the closed brothel say	Beat it. We're closed
What do you call a person with native american ancestry and alopecia	apache
What does the horny scientist call a lobotomy	Getting head
What do poor people have, rich people want	And if you eat it you die. It's nothing
What did the dementia patient say to the other dementia patient	I forgot.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a broom closet	A: Only two men fit inside a broom closet at once.
What's the number one cause of dry skin	Towels.
What's the motto of the Greek army	Never leave your buddy's behind.
What is the difference between a dentist and a New York baseball fan	One yanks for the roots, the other roots for the Yanks.
What do you call a Canadian in a blizzard	Cold.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a baby who just got HIV	I didn't rape Donald Trump
What does a book of definitions and an erection have in common	They're both *dick-shun-airy's* (erections are filled with deoxygenated blood.... bit of a weak connection I know...)
What is the difference between a battery and a woman	A battery has a positive side.
What do you call someone who murders a toucan, a leprechaun, and a honey bee	A cereal killer!
What did they call the suave printer salesman	Prints Charming
What is a mountain climber's favorite drink	Anything on the rocks.
What do you call a Shock Jock that goes clean	Showered Stern. I'll see myself out.
Whats a retarded person's favorite season	Autismn
What is Antarctica's version of tinder called	Pick up a penguin
What's the difference between my grandma and a baby	My grandma doesn't die when I fuck her.
What's black and doesn't work	A quadriplegic chimney sweep.
What is Helen Kellers favorite color	Corduroy.
Whats green and can jump a mile a minute	A frog with hiccups !
What do you call nuts on a wall	Walnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chest? . Chestnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chin? . A blowjob.
What Do You Call A Group... Of both crows and ducks, of which the ratio is 80% ducks and 20% crows	A murder most fowl.
What is Ramsay Bolton's favorite band	Cold Flay
Q: What kinds of people don't get invited to blonde parties	A: Women!
What's the best thing about Switzerland	Idk, but it's flag is a big plus
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never let a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
What do you call it when you dream about getting married	Bed wedding.
What do you do to dead chemists	You barium.
What do you call a disappointing orgasm	Anti climaxtic (I'll be here all week)
what do you call an Eskimo peeping tom	Tommy took a look. (say it fast)
What did the pilot say when his plane wasn't flying	Aw man, that's a drag.
What did one orphan say to the other orphan	Robin, get in the Batmobile.
What do you make with an Avogadro	Guaca-MOL-e
What do you call a black guy on the moon	An Astronaut.
What do you call pickled bread	Dildo
What was the Olympic lifter missing from his bar	Weight for it...
What's snoop dogg's favorite author	Tolkien.
Q: What do Roseanne Barr and a battleship have in common	... A: They both need three tugs to get into their slips.
What did the blonde say when someone blew in her ear	Thanks for the refill.
What has a beginning and an end, but nothing in the middle	Life
What do you call a school that teaches you how to draw hairy butts	Colon-hairy Arts School!
What does Lenin say when he his angry	I will hit you so hard that it will leave a Marx.
What is a dog's favorite camp sport	Woofleball
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-Ton	Lukewarm.
What diploma do criminals get	The third degree.
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you	A pool table.
What company did the Nazis use to move the Jews to concentration camps	Jew-Haul
What do white girls drink from	[OC] Muggs!
What's Irish and stays out all night	Patty O' furniture
What's Mario's favorite type of pants	*DenimDenimDenim*
What's the difference between a golfer and a climber	A golfer goes whack......shit. A climber goes shit.......whack.
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink	WA TAA!!!
What did they tell the burger who enlisted in  the Army	You've got no beef soldier!
What do rodents say when they play bingo	'Eyes down for a full mouse' !
What does a nine volt battery and an asshole have in common	The look on your face when you lick it
What is Donald Trumps favourite rap group	Run-DNC
What's the Top Job Requirement for Deep Sea Diver Position	Ability to work under pressure.
What do you call a well rounded, very intelligent gay man	A homogeneous homo genius!
What do you get when you drop your frozen waffle at the beach	A San Diego
What do you call a woman who can balance 5 pints of lager on each arm	Beatrix
What do you call people who rely on the ""safe period"" for contraception	-Parents
What do nosey peppers do	They get Jalapeno business!
What do you get if you stuff your computer's disk drive with herbs	A thyme machine.
What do cows do after they get married	They go on their honeymoooooon!
Q: What do Roseanne Barr and a battleship have in common	A: They both need three tugs to get into their slips.
What does a guy with no friends be for Halloween	Depressed
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	Dogs don't lick jam... just kidding... they do ;)
What did the police do to the sweater	They pulled it over.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Nothing, because he ain't coming over to you.
What job can you see yourself doing	Inspecting mirrors
What do smart blondes and UFO's have in common	You hear about them but never see them
What's the main religion of most ghosts	Boo dism
What's the difference between a faggot and a freezer	A freezer doesn't fart when you take the meat out!
What's the difference between Whitney houston and my car	My car can make it to 50.
What do you call an egg that is neither good nor bad	Mediyolkre.
What sexual position produces the ugliest children	I don't know, ask your mom.
What do Vikings call the people that cut their hair	Barberians.
What do you call it when a spider gets a pimple	Arachne
What's the most dangerous, predominantly black area known to man	Space
What do you call a fake Apple product	An i-phony
What do you do to a chemist after they're dead	you barium
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND-EEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
What do you call the ghost who is a  child-rearing expert	Dr Spook.
What type of jeans do the Mario Brothers wear	Denim denim denim
What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim	Who cares! More bacon for me.
What do you get when you pour hot water down a  rabbit hole	A Hot Cross bunny.
What do you call an asian who hates black people	A member of the Kru Krux Kran
What do you call a dinosaur that practices Islam	A Quranosaurus.
What does a leper say to a prostitute	Just leave it...ill be back tomorrow.
What did the communist say at the beginning of the race	On your Marx, get set, go!
What's believing in evolution	Apetheism
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack	A: ""I need to axe you a question.
What is the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a drunk bass player	You have to plug one of them in before it sucks.
What's the worst part about watching porn	... The climax is always the same.
What would happen if you ate yeast and polish	You would rise and shine.
What do you call a kid with one arm and three legs	Unfortunate.
What do horny terrorists in airplanes do	High jack.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish off a race
What's the difference between Shea Stadium and Sloan-Kettering	At Sloan-Kettering the Mets always win.
What's the program jedi use to read pdf files	Adobe wan kenobi
What do you call old, expired Neosporin	Paleosporin
What is Donald Trump's favorite Counter Strike map	de_port
What do you call a man with no shins	Tony
What kind of chemical bond is Hispanic	An Ester Bond
What word isn't in the Bat-dictionary	Killing, unless your talking about his parents
What is an assassin's favorite element	What is an assassin's favorite elem- Surprise! (it is much better when spoken, but I'm proud of it)
What dogs are best for sending telegrams	Wire haired terriers !!
What's an owl's favorite song	The Who's Who are you? Hoot hoot. Hoot hoot.
What do ducks use to get high	Quack cocaine [Originally from Askreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/36u262/whats_the_best_joke_we_can_make_one_word_at_a_time/crh46r7)
What do you call someone who confuses Emma Stone and Mila Kunis in a movie	A bad judge of character.
What do you call a Snake game that doesn't work	An E-Reptile dysfunction
What is DNA	The National Dyslexic Association.
What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison	A small medium at large!
What do you get when you cross Henry VIII and Vlad the Impaler	Executed.
What did the deaf person get after having sex with a hooker	Hearing AIDS.
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer	One's a slimy scum-sucking bottom-dwelling scavenger; the other is a fish.
What do you call a rooster drawing sh*t	Cock-A-Doodle-Doo
What's blue and white and sits up a tree	A fridge wearing a denim jacket.
What do you call a fake Flying Spaghetti Monster	An impasta.
What's the hardest about being a pedophile	Just trying to fit in...
What happened when the carrot died	There was a huge turnip at the funeral.
What is Hitler's favourite beauty product	Polish Remover
Q: Whatever happened to the bedbugs who fell in  love	A: They got married in the spring.
What do you call a black priest	Holy Shit.
What do you call an std that only reptiles can get	Gatoraids.
What do you call 2 Asians playing basketball	Won on Won. 2 Mexicans playing basketball: Juan on Juan. 2 Indians playing basketball: Khan on Khan.
Whats the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	A porcupine has pricks on the outside.
What letters are not in the alphabet	The ones in the mail of course!
What do you call a dinosaur with an English degree	Thesaurus.
What's the difference between a teacher  and a conductor on the railroad	One trains the mind the other minds the train.
What do you call a developmentally challenged member of the ruling elite	An autistocrat.
What do you call a Japanese pirate	J-Peg.
What is a Jew's least favorite animal	A dolphin
Whats the square (root) of a (onion)	?? Shallots ^_^
What do you get when you cross a Centaur with a Minotaur	Cinnaminotaur. The most delicious of all mythological creatures.
What does Batman like with his whiskey	(Gravely voice) ""Just ice.
What word has the most letters in it	Postbox.
What is it called when Batman wants to leave Church early	Christian Bale.
What's wet on the inside, hairy on the outside, starts with C and ends in T	Coconut.
What do you call a Mustard that keeps remembering things that haven't happened yet	dijon-vu mustard... (Sorry)
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend	Pirate bae
What did the daschund say when he was neutered	Auf weinersehen
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	An addictionary Alternatively: High definition
What is a bee's favourite classical music  composer	Bee-thoven !
What's the difference between a lobster with breast implants, and a dirty bus stop	One's a crusty bus station, and the other's a busty crustacean!
What's the worst thing to say to a hipster	You remind me of someone
What kind of apes can you find swinging on vines	GrApes
What's the difference between someone falling from 21st floor and 1st floor	21st floor person goes: AHHHHHHHHHH *thump* 1st floor goes: *thump* AHHHHHHHHHH
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano and a gluestick	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
What do pygmy cannibals eat for breakfast	Weedie Bix!!
Whats a fly without wings	A walk
What do you call a French sexual offender	A crepeist.
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta	Penne (Pen-nay)
What do you call a man who makes fart scented candles	Incense-itive
What did the painter do when he was angry	He made a scene.
What is a goat's favourite form of comedy	Satyre.
What do you call bees that produce milk	Boo-Bees....
What did the bunny want to do when he grew up	Join the Hare Force.
What do you call a baby deer's droppings	FawnDoo! Nailed it.
What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast	A Synonym Roll.
what did the emo say to the dull razor	Sorry old friend... You just won't cut it
What do Winnie the Pooh and Attila the Hun have in common	The same middle name.
What's the difference between a Dutch oven and a German one	The type of gas used.
What's the best thing a midget can catch	Air.
What is the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	You can't here a vitamin.
What's the difference between snowman and snow woman	Snowballs.
What do you call a Mexican firefighter	Jose
What do you do when you see an Indian limping	Stop laughing and reload. (Sorry)
What do you call a dog in a diving bell	A sub-woofer
What do you call a big pile of kittens	A Meowntain
What do you call a guy who's great at tying flies	A *master baiter*
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an orange	One is wrinkly, sour, and orange. The other gets picked by Mexicans.
What do a Christmas tree and a priest have in common	Their balls are just for decoration.
What do you call a well respected slave	A butler.
What should you do if you get an erection on the subway	Get off at the next stop!
What lies on its back 100 feet in the air	A centipede
What do you call a letter written by a feminist	Hate male
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Snickers Bar	One wants you to put their chocolatey nutty goodness in your mouth, and the other is a child rapist.
WHAT are birds so happy about at 7am	What? Oh, right. Pooping while airborne. Good one.
What do you call a Finn, who gets something done	-Finnished
what would happen if all the rattatas died	They would be eraticated
What time does an engineer set his alarm clock for	Around Thevenin the morning
What shoes did the pedophile wear	White vans hah
What's Quentin Tarantino's favorite place to visit	http://www.wikifeet.com/
Q: What do the Amish call a jar full of honeybees	A: A vibrator.
What do Palestinian children dream of becoming when they grow up	Old
What do frogs deal	Croakaine
What pair of shoes could the ginger only wear	The pair with no sole.
What's a mouse's least favorite record	What's up Pussycat !
What did General Patton do on Thanksgiving	He gave tanks.
What's something that Slaves have and rich people want	Nothing!
What should a redditor receive after a terrible joke	Karma. (Please forgive me)
What is Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite animal	Lemur.
What do you call Korean soul food	Okra Gangnam Style
What's yellow and smells of bananas	Monkey vomit
What did Tarzan say when he saw a heard of elephants	Oh look! A heard of elephants.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I have never wanted to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a boob job	Ones a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! ahahhahahahahah
What is the difference between an incompetent marksman and a constipated owl	One shoots but cannot hit and the other hoots but cannot shit.
What did one guy say to the other	You're a pain in the ass
What's the purpose of propellers on a plane	To keep the captain cool. If they stop spinning, he starts to sweat.
What Time Do You Go To The Dentist	Tooth - Hurty! XD
Q: What does Santa say when he goes fox hunting	A: Tally hohoho!
What do you call a Latina with varicose veins	Vein-a-swellin'.
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly	I can't jelly a dick in your ass
What do you say to a Female comedian who has just had a miscarriage	You should work on your delivery"".
What does Waka flocka order at a Chinese restaurant	BAO BAO BAO BAO
What is a bachelor's favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
What do fat people call the runs	The walks
What is the hamburgers' most familiar song	'Home on the Range'!
What do you call a cat that has boils on its skin and can't feel it's toes	A leperd
What's the Dumbest thing you've ever Done	Thank you very much for honest sharing.
What time does the funny stuff start around here	I can come back...
What do you call an all guy Christian party	A suseJ fest
What did the leper say the the prostitute	Keep the tip.
What do you get when you click to see the punchline	DEEZ NUTS
What do you call someone banned from an Indian restaurant	Persona naan grata! sorry.....
What does a Texan do if he breaks up with his girl friend	He dates his other sister.
What do you call an average Mexican	Nacho average guy
Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse	A: Kitty Perry
what do you call a gay dinosaur	a megasoreass
what do you get when you cross a penis with a potato	a dictator.
What do you call couples that practice pulling out as a method of contraception	Parents.
What do you call a girl hanging from a basketball rim	Annette
What do you call an Asexual who tries to be hetero	an Ace in the Hole.
What does a trumpet player use as contraception	His personality.
What do you call a grain knife	barleysong
What do you call a sad Ent	Mourning wood.
What did the jewish pedophile say to the child	Wanna buy some candy?
what did the gay sperm say to his compatriot	HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND OUR WAY THROUGH THIS SHIT?
Whats the difference between sex and US Presidental elections	In sex,the decision to choose the cunt or the asshole is a pleasure
What weighs 4 tons and is bright red	An elephant holding its breath !
What are you supposed to do when someone is having a seizure in the bath	...throw a load of dirty laundry in.
What kind of bees scare neckbeards	Boo-bees.
What's black and steals your change	Vending machines.
What do you call three Egyptian women in a bathtub	Gorillas in the mist
Q: What do you call a man who inherits a dairy	A: A Dairy Heir.
What do goats do to get off	They pasturebate
What's the difference between a pot of glue, a tuna, and a guitar	You can tuna guitar but you can't guitar a tuna!
What spice do you find in hell	SINammon (Sorry)
What do u call a lesbian with 9in fingers	Well hung.
What do you cal a wine hangover	The grape depression.
What did God say when he made the first black person	Damn, I burnt one...
What do you call a skydiving tonsil who's afraid that something bad might happen	Paranoid!
What do porn viewers and Donald Trump have in common	They ctrl+alt+delete the history thru don't want anyone to find
What did the Mexican prostitute give to the donkey after the show	Jorge.
What's the loudest economic system	CAPITALISM
What's the difference between a line of naked women and a magician	Well, the magician has a cunning array of stunts...
What does a pirate light on the Fourth of July	A m80.
What do you call a blowjob from a ginger	Redhead
What do you call an Asian cow in space	The Milky Wei.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear	A: White Vans.
What did the pregnant orange see after 9 months	The fruits of her labor.
Whats black on top but white on bottom	Rape.
What do you call a Cuban Prime Minister with a lot of attitude	Fidel Sass-tro
What do you call an atheist cartoon	Fedora the explorer
What do you call a race ran by female horses	A mare-a-thon.
What do you call two birds in love	Tweethearts!
What is a gathering of octopus called	Octoposse
What's better than a violin on your bed	A fiddle between the sheets
What key won't let you through any doors	A turkey.
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant	Dead ant Dead ant Dead ant dead ant dead ant Dead ant dead annnnnnt Dead ant
What's the difference between art and junk	A plaque.
What do you call a mathematician who drinks too much	A functioning alcoholic.
What's it like never being flaccid	Hard.
What's THE dirtiest joke you know	Please make it extra dirty with a side of dirty.
What is the sharpest thing in the world	A fart. It will cut through your pants and not even leave a hole.
What does a doctor prescribe a hardcore porn actress, when her vagina is too swollen to work	Antifistamines.
What part of ""No"" don't you understand	Probably the whole thing I'm guessing. It's a pretty short word. What? You're a squirrel? Sorry
What is the best type of story to tell a runaway horse	A tale of whoa!
What did every World Series before 2016 and gay bears have in common	No Cubs.
What did the leper say after he was finished with the prostitute	Keep the tip.
What's the difference between Pizza and Jews during the Holocaust	Pizza doesn't scream when it goes into the oven.
What's colorless and smells sweet	Chloroform SHHHH..
What time do Lumberjacks take their tea-break	TREE O'clock!
What do you call wifi in space	Mars Bars
What do you call a mouse with no balls	Optical.
What do you call a mentally challenged homosexual.	Flame Retarded
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant	Dead ant. Dead ant. Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead annnnnnnnttt.
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke	You can't take a joke....
What do you call a dog that is underwater	A sub-woofer! Thank you, I'll be here all day.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	?? It only takes one nail to hang a photo
what's red and smells like blue paint	red paint
What is the worst thing a Jewish father can buy for his daughter	An easy bake oven!
What do me and my fridge have in common	Were both empty inside and weigh a tonne
What did one Melon say to the other after it was asked marry it	We Can't Alope
What do you get from a pampered cow	Spoiled milk..
What do you call a black bastard who never grew up	LeBron James
What's the difference between a hipster and a homeless man	An Instagram account.
What did the redditor do with the embarrassing naked picture he found of himself	Throwaway, for obvious reasons.
What's worse than a dead baby nailed to a tree	...The holocaust
What did David Crockett say when he looked over the Alamo wall and saw 3000 Mexicans	Hey I didn't know we were pouring concrete today.
What do you call a free gigolo	Pro-boner.
What do you call a Syrian refugee on the Mediterranean	Bob What does a Syrian refugee call their pet? Dinner What's grosser than gross? Two Syrian refugees fighting over a tampon.
What do you call someone with Down Syndrome who likes to smoke weed	A baked potato
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman	Mick Jagger screams ""Hey, you! Get off of my cloud!"" A Scotsman screams ""Hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!
[NSFW] What is the best thing about gaffer tape	It turns ""no, no, no"" into ""mmm, mmm, mmm
What was Hitler's favourite video game	Mein Kraft
What did the bee call his military mission	Operation pollination
What do you call a timid person that uses Snapchat	A snapping turtle!
What do a tornado and a divorce in the South have in common	Someone is losing their trailer..
What do boobs and margaritas have in common	One is not enough. Three is to many.
What is the primary job of an alligator	...make allegations
What Christmas Carol do they sing in North Korea	We Three Kims
What's the definition of awful	Putting a bomb on a disabled person's back and telling him to run.
What did Redditor Jesus say to Lazarus	I see your dead body and raise you back to life (NSFL)
What is Chuck Norris' ""best karate move""	Pork Chop!
What did she say while cleaning herself after sex	Well, that's a load off my shoulder
Q: What kind of cats lay around the house	- A: Car-pets!
What do you call a girl who is bad at drawing	Tracey
What did the zombie say when he walked into the wrong tomb	I have made a grave mistake.
What's brown and sticky	My dick after I fuck you in the ass. Edit: I only use this when severely drunk.
What did the hippie say when asked to leave the party	Namaste.
What do you say to a robot with a good looking bum	Nice Assimo.
What's the best way to catch a fish	Have someone throw it at you.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off.
What do you get if you cross King Kong with a budgie	A messy cage.
What did the French stoner say	80 blaze it
What is black and white and red all over, and spins in circles	A nun who has a spear in her, going through a vevolving door.
What is a neck beard's favorite country	M'Laysia
What do you call a female deer with no eyes	Cotton eye doe
What do firemen and Eastern European prostitutes have in common	They both go down on poles.
What did the deaf guy say to the blind guy	I can't hear you, but I can see your point
What do cookies do when they have sex	They crumb. Alternate: ""What does a cookie say when its having sex?"" ""I'm crumbing
What did Santa say when big old fat uncle Alfred came round to chat	Nice to *sleigh* you!
What's your favorite Andrew ""Dice"" Clay Joke	Including dirty nursery rhymes.
[OC] What is said in both the bathroom and the police interrogation room	Come clean, asshole!
What do you call a Romanian grocery clerk	Scanthesku
What is the pinnacle of laziness	Having a remote control for your remote control.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	Dnner
What do you call a Nun in a Wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What do you call a Doctor who received all 'D's in Medical School	Doctor
What is a traveler's favorite font	Times New Roamin'!
What do you call someone aroused by shopping	A buysexual
What did George Washington say to his men just before they got in the boat	Men, get in the boat!
What is the best part about having sex with a gypsy on her period	When you finger her, you get your palm red for free.
What is Ahmed Mohamed's favorite band	Dethklok
What do you call someone who's both a Seahawks fan and a LOTR fan	A twelf
What do you call a cop in court for murder	Unlikely
Q: What has four legs and several fins	A: A happy bear!
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk	A milk dud.
Whats the best christmas present	A broken drum You just can't beat it ba dum tisssssss
What does a cranky Japanese person suffer from	PAST: Post Atomic Stress Disorder
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk	A milk dud!
What did the blondes left leg say to her right	Nothing... They've never met
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Mercedes Benz	The porcupine's pricks are on the outside.
what do eggs benedict and a blow job have in common	you dont get either at home.
What's wet and wiggly and says how do you do sixteen times	Two octopuses shaking hands.
What's the official title for the Poopsmith's boss	We feel like we have the best two answers, and there's disagreement over who's is best.
What do you call Muhammad Ali after he eats lots of beans	Gaseous Clay
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	One is a super hero and the other is a simple command.
What do you call a gay man with a hard-on	Homo erectus.
What can be found in a Judge's freezer	Just ice.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana	Tiger Woods had a better driver
What did Hannibal Lecter say to the philosophy professor after the lecture	I can smell your Kant.
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle	A polar bear
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis	You don't have to beg your girlfriend to blow your paycheck!
What do mathematicians do when they are constipated	They get a pencil and work it out.
What Super Models should you invite to your birthday party	Cake Moss and Naomi Candles
What sort of dance do fish do at parties	The conga !
What does a cat call a bowl of mice	A purrfect meal !
What was the most reliable and helpful vehicle in the 1800s	The ""I've got this Covered"" Waggon
What's the difference between Brussel sprouts and snot	.. Kids don't eat Brussel sprouts !
What's the difference between a Zippo and a Bic lighter	Zippos are heavy. A Bic is just a little lighter.
What do you call Captain Forte and his sidekick Piano	A dynamic duo! This joke came to me in my delirious state after hours of band camp practices.
What's the definition of a surprise	A fart with a lump in it
What do you get when you put birthday candles on a pizza	You can't figure it out? I mean, it's a pizz'a cake.
What's your favorite ""grosser than gross"" joke	Mine is hickey on a hemorrhoid.
What's it called when a man cums inside a woman when in Massachusetts	Boston Cream Pie
What do you say if you meet a toad	Wart's new !
What do you call six gay people at an amusement park	Six Fags
What do you call a hurtful play on words	A Punjab.
What would you call The Flinstones if they were black	Niggers
What do you call a mosquito sitting on your wife's cheek	A golden opportunity
What do you call an Irish bodyguard	Liam Malone.
What was the best thing Kurt Cobain ever released	The safety.
What does a Christmas tree and a monk have in common	They both have ornamental balls
What did one suicide bomber say to the other	Dude, I don't think it worked.
What's a Jihadist Muslims least favorite sex position	The Eiffel tower
What do you call a booger that you've been squishing for awhile	Boograr
Whats green and fuzzy, but if it falls out of a tree, will kill you	A pool table.
what's the difference between oral and anal sex	Good oral can make your whole day, good anal makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	The picture only needs one nail.
What is the difference between pile of dead babies and pile of sand	I don't eat sand.
Whats the most unlikely line to read in the bible	The characters in this book are entirely fictional.
What does a cow ride when his car is broken	A COW-asaki MOO-torcycle!
What did the Taliban soldier say to his buddy	Afgan I pee... Stan he fer me a minute.
What does a gay horse eat	HAAAAAAAAAY
What do you call a cheese that isn't yours	NACHO CHEESE!
What do you get when you make a train engine happy	Locomotivation
What's the difference between an old Greyhound terminal and a lobster with really big boobs	One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustation! ::buh dum bum::
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on your organ
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band	One Direction
What's the Pope's least favorite human bone	The blasphemur.
What does the Cincinnati gorilla story tell us	It's the first time that black-on-black crime made national (even international) news.
What happens after someone kills a joke	It goes to Valhaha.
What's the hardest thing, being in a room full of sexy people	my dick
What does the aardvark call his dog	Aard-bark!
What do you call a three legged cow	Lean Beef. What do you call a two legged cow? Your mom.
What do you call 1000 black people buried up to their necks	Afroturf Also, I'm not racist. I have two color tvs at home.
What never eats at thanks giving	A turkey. Because it's always stuffed.
Q: What happens if a monster steps on Batman and Robin	A: They become Flatman and Ribbon.
What do you do to a chemist after they die	You Barium
What did the mermaid forget to bring to the maths lesson	Her algae bra.
What's one thing you never want to hear your wife say while having sex	Honey, I'm home!
What's the only thing Gary the gay geneticist loves more than he loves his boyfriend, Bill	Designer jeans.
What did Adam say when he broke up with Eve	I'm turning over a new leaf.
What do you get if you cross a glow worm with some beer	Light ale !
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wipes his ass
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic	About half way
What's black and doesn't work	[Very NSFW] Bryce Williams' sense of perspective.
What did the bully say when he threw Michael J. Fox out of a 10 story window	Marty Mc. FLyyyyyyyyy!
What do you call a beautiful woman having sex with a comedian	Pretty fucking funny.
What do you call a piece of pasta that doesn't have any friends	Cannelonely!
What has been in the news specifically because it comes in small boxes	Jared's penis
What was Beethoven's girlfriend's name	Bae-thoven. I'll^see^myself^out.
What did Tupac say when his best friend died	No Biggie.
What do you call a musician with a college degree	Night manager at McDonalds.
What's a police officer's favorite party game	Pin the murder on the black guy
What did the woman say when having intercourse with the square-shaped pasta food	That feels ravioli good!
What are the similarities between my work shirt and the children of Flint, MI	They both were recently ironed.
What does the torch represent in the hand of the Statue of Liberty	The torch is a symbol of her inability to read in the dark.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I don't jelly my cock down a bitches throat.
What do you call oral sex with a paraplegic girl	Meals on wheels.
What do you call to a dog with no legs	NOTHING because dog isn't going to come anyways :P
What did the county Sheriff say about the black man who was shot 15 times	Worst case of suicide I've ever seen
What medical specialty will start to experience large fluctuations in income from payers	Eurology
What do dark jokes and food have in common	Not everyone gets them
What is the United States doing to fight pedophiles	Child Obesity.
What's a Dragon Ball fan's favourite food	Vegeta-bles
What's the worst kind of joke	Clickbait. Edit: Added a space which triggered someone.
What's another name for an assistant stable cleaner	A co-pile-it!
What device did Jared Fogle use to keep track of his exercise progresswhen he lost over 200 pounds on the Subway diet	A pedometer
What's difference between Jesse Owens and Adolf Hilter	Owens can finish a race.
What's the main ingredient in mana potions	Caster sugar.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic	About halfway. ^^I'll ^^see ^^myself ^^out...
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo on my chest.
What did the picky cow say	Mewww.
What do you call a cannibal who only eats coma patients	A vegetarian.
What's gray and comes in quarts	According to my mom, my new stepdad
What do you call a person with memory problems telling a joke	To get to the other side.
What is Chris Brown's favorite drink	Punch!
What did Pikachu say to Ash Catchem	Pikachu
What do you call a pig that does karate	Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: A pork chop.
What do you call a Poor Stripper	Ugly.
What's the difference between a rhinoceros and a mattababy	[Works every time] What's a mattababy? Nothing what's a matta with you
What kind of doctors are like spiders	Spin doctors !
What did the lesbian mushroom say to the other lesbian mushroom during oral sex	Umami.
What causes a pilot to cry after sex	...the [mace](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mace_(spray)
What did the cat say to the prison guard	Let MEOOWWWWTTTT!!!!
Q: What do you get when you cross an Arab with a Mexican	A: Oil of Ole'
What did the disgruntled alien customer say to the store clerk	Take me to your leader!
What is a Mexicans favourite sport	Cross-Country
What do you call the woman on the end of a line	Entities. (I AM SO SORRY, GAME PROGRAMMER JOKE)
What did the cheese maker say to his son after he dropped the cheese	That's no whey to go through life, son.
Whats so good about german cars	They get from Berlin to Warsaw in one tank
What does a burnt pizza and a pregnant girl have in common	Someone that didn't take it out in time.
What's the difference between swine flu and bird flu	For swine flu, you use oink-ment and for bird flu, you get tweet-ment.
What's green and bad for your eyes	An alligator.
What do you call a humor site with bad ads	PunHub.
Q: What kind of soldier doesn't need bullets	A: The kind of soldier that's always shooting his mouth off.
What do you get when you mix a fly, a snake head, and Mickey Mouse	The hell out of there.
What does Batman take with his drinks	Just ice
What do you call retarded cow thighs	Asbergers
whats the difference between hell and gaza	there's no kids in hell
What did the sadist do to the masochist	Nothing.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Finding a worm in your vagina.
What do elephants sing at christmas	Noel-ephants Noel-ephants...
What is Biz Markies favorite farm animal	Ewe, ewe got what I neeeeeed.
What does a fashionable criminal always make sure they have a lot of	Accessories
What is it called when brown envelopes aren't delivered as quickly as white ones	White Mail Privilege
What's the difference between a hooker and your wife	You pay the hooker and she does what you want. And you pay your wife and she does what she wants.
What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison	You can't wash your face in a buffalo.
What's the difference between a fridge and a woman	A fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out
What's with American's obsession with everything bigger	Bigger cars, bigger houses, higher IQs... If you ask me, Americans have the smallest penises in the world.
What's a rabbits' favorite TV show	Hoppy Days.
What do you call a dead body and two planks	A ""Build your own Jesus"" kit.
What is Jojo's Favorite Pokemon Game	Pokemon ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS ORAS
What's your ring tone	Pinkish with a bit of brown.
What do Brazil and lesbians have in common	Neither like touching balls.
What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in your bath	Throw in your washing.
What's the difference between an Iraqi elementary school, and an Isis hideout	I don't know man, I just fly the drone.
What did the cop say to his belly button	You're under a vest lol
What are the cheapest kind of nuts	Deer nuts, they're under a buck.
What do native American and modern day American society have in common	Navaho lot.
What did the scarecrow say before committing suicide	That's the last straw!"" *^I'm ^sorry.* [UsagiMimi](http://www.reddit.com/user/UsagiMimi/) helped me refine the wording.
What is the best part about gardening	Getting down and dirty with your hoes
What did trump say to hillary after the debate	WRONG! and hillary replied : he is a lier and he cannot be trusted
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino!
What did Jay Z say when his friend died	No Biggie.
What's worse than a puppy nailed to a tree	A puppy nailed to 7 trees.
What does a bunny use when it goes fishing	A harenet.
What is the Fonz looking forward to the most in the future	The iPhone Ayyyye-t
What's John Cena's favourite part of the sunset	The CENAry
whats worse than eating shit out of someone's ass	chewing &amp; transferring it to your lover's mouth
What's black and blue and red all over	The dress
What's the most common blood type in Taiwan	Type A.
Whats long black and stinky	the unemployment line.
What's the best part of gay sex	The part where you ***don't get fucked in the ass***.
What's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub	a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.
What's more covered in sweat than a marathon runner at the end of a race	Josh Duggar at a family reunion.
What game do M Night Shymalan's family play at Christmas	Secret Satan.
What's another name for a dictator	A penis potato!
What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.	What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.? # # # # # In A Bomb Blast Population Decrease.. * But. . * In A Condom Blast Population Increase..!
What followed the dinosaur	It's tail !
What's better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ ;)
What did the Nazi become after the war ended	A veterinarian (veteran aryan).
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese
What does a mechanic do during a 1 night stand	He screws, nuts, and bolts
What part does Woody Harrelson want to be remembered for most	Harrelson's woodie.
What do you call cute seeds	Awwwwwwwwwwwwmonds P.S. it's my birthday please love me
what did stevie wonder say when he recieved a cheese grater for Christmas	it was the most violent book he had ever read
What movie did Ray Charles go to see in 1993	Jurassic Dark
What is less Kosher than a bacon wrapped shrimp	A communion wafer
What's the cheapest type of meat	Deer Balls. They're under a buck.
What do you call a bus driver who helps old people and parents with children on and off the bus	A stand up driver.
What concert costs 45 cents	50 Cent featuring Nickleback
What do you call a confused Asian person	Disoriental.
What's the difference between a girl and a washing machine	When I dump a load into the washing machine it doesn't follow me around
What do mexicans cut their pizza with	Little Caesars.
What website do gay guys use for their e-mail	HotMale.com
What's Harry Potters favorite way of getting down a hill	Walking! (JK ROLLING)
what do you call a fish with no eye	Fush
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and a zit	Nothing, they both come on a boy's face when he turns 13.
Q: What do you call a cracked window	A: A pane in the glass.
What did the Mexican sing to his cheating girlfriend	I know I'm not the only Juan
What's the difference between a pizza and a hippy chick	You don't peel the crust off the pizza before you eat it
What did a piece of tofu say when it got dirty	Misoyaki!
What's a mexicans favorite sport	Cross country
What do you call a hispanic man with a rubber toe	ROBERTO! I'm here all week.
What is the quietest place on Earth	The complaint department at a parachute packing company.
What did the nosey pepper do	It got jalepeno business!
What is the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car	They fasten their sheet (seat) belts.
What drives the hype train	The hyper drive.
What is the unit of power	Yes.
What do you call a president crossing the road	A presidestrian
What did the Australian say to the two people fighting over bread	It's stalemate
What has seven arms and sucks	Def Leppard.
What's the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	You can't hear an enzyme.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	**ARRRR** *NO!* His first love be the C.
What do you get when you cross bears with salmon	Cannibals.
What makes an ISIS joke funny	the execution EDIT: This literally blew up! RIP my inbox
What did Hitler do to lose weight	He went on a Jews cleanse.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You think it be arrrrrrgh, but it be the sea.
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Whitney Houston	[Oc] The rock Neil was on made him famous, the rock she was on made her dead.
What will Kim Jong-Un name his child	Kim Jong-Deux.
What should you do if your girlfriend is choking	Back up a couple of inches.
whats the difference between a woman and a computer	a woman wont accept a 3 1/2 inch floppy.
What is white and hurts a homophobic man if it lands on him	An airplane
What do you have when you got 6 road workers and 6 lesbians	12 people who don't do dick.
What's the worst part about baiting a fish hook really well	Everyone knows you're a master baiter!
What's the difference between snow tires and black people	The snow tires still work when you take the chains off.
What did the parrot say when he was using the Internet	P.Cs of eight P.Cs of eight.
What's the difference between a Redditor and a brick	The brick will eventually get laid.
What does a Jewish man get when he runs into a wall with an erection	a broken nose.
What do you call graduates from secret society school	Alumniati
What did Haley Joel Osment find at the top of Mt. Everest	Icy Dead People
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	One did the moon walk, and the other one raped little kids.
What is a Japanese porn star's favorite kind of pants	[NSFW] Blue khakis.
What do you call a guy that used to fight in the ring, but quit it all for video games	An ex-boxer.
What Did The Idiot's Friend Say To The Other Idiot's Friend, After The Idiot Lit Herself On Fire	She's Bright...
What do you get if you cross a cow a french fry and a sofa	A cowch potato!
What is similar between students with mental health issues and nurses giving vaccinations	They both tend to shoot up schools.
What's the difference between a Tiger Woods and Santa Claus	Santa stops at 3 ho's
What's a racist bakers favourite ingredient	WHITE FLOUR!
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation	Discrimination
What's a drug addict's favorite music genre	Crack rock
What did the waiter say to the customer complaining about a dirty bowl	This is unacceptable.
What's the definition of Necrophilia	The urge to pop a cold one.
What do you call a snake that works in the government	A civil serpent
What's brown and furry on the inside and clear on the outside	King Kong in clingfilm
What's the difference between a pizza, and this joke	One has cheese on it, the other's just plain cheesy.
What do Yoko Ono and African children have in common	They both survive on dead beatles (beetles).
What's worse than a moron	A lessoff.
What disease causes people to swear at the dinner table	Gilles de la gourmette
What's Brian David Mitchell's favorite movie	Get Smart
What do you call a dog magician	A Labracadrabador
What do you call a musical instrument made of gelatin	A jello!
What did Bob Marley say to his wife after he opened the fridge	No, Woman, no pie.
What do you call a stupid person	stupid
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYEE
What did the apple say to the banana	Nothing -- apples don't talk!
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch	A seizure salad.
What do Michael Jackson and Walmart have in common	They both have little boys' jeans half off.
What do you do when a feminist, anti-feminist and meninist cross paths	Triggernometry.
What is Littlefinger's favorite castle in all of Westeros	Haremhal
What does a pirate from Boston say	Aaahhh.
What's the difference between a pig and a dwarf janitor	One is messy, and the other is a little cleaner.
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch	A seizure salad!
What's the difference between an old Greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 38 D breasts	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean!
What is the perfect name for an Indian butler	Mahatma Coat
What did Kendrick Lamar say when Rihanna tried to unplug his VR headset	Bitch, don't kill my Vive.
What's the hardest part about making a manicure joke	You really have to nail it
What do you call homosexual dinosaurs	What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotapuss. What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasoreass.
What's long and hard on a black man	The First grade!
What do you call two Mormons caught in the rain	Washing your whites on a rinsed cycle.
What color was the Dallas shooters eyes	Blue. One blue this way and one blue that way.
What do you think Mozart is doing right now	Decomposing.
What kind of pizzas did Al Qaeda deliver to the World Trade Center	Two large plains.
What does ISIS and a great joke have in common	A great execution.
What happens when you put the batteries in backwards in an Energizer Bunny	It keeps cumming and cumming and cumming....
What do you call an angry prostitute	Whoremonal.
What do you call a pig with no clothes on	Streaky bacon!
What do you call it when a feminist yells so much she spits on your face	A femijizm
What do Philadelphia Eagles fans do after they win the superbowl	Turn of madden and go to bed. (I'm an eagles fan)
What is a berry's favorite farewell	Acai you later!
What do electricians say when they meditate	Ohm...
What do boobs and Christmas trees have in common	When you see really nice ones, you have to ask if they are real or fake
What is a pirates favorite letter	P. Because without it, he'd be irate.
What did the hammer announce over the intercom to the evacuating screws screaming for help	This is not a drill!
What do women and KFC have in common	Once your done with breasts and the thighs, all you have left to do is stick your bone in a greasy box...
What was the name of the Antartic terrorist group	ICEis
What's black, white, and red all over	A dead panda!
what did the zero say to the eight	nice belt.
What drink do you have on Halloween	Mali-BOO
What's the best part about going to a concert in Paris	Free Shots
What does a girl from Alabama say after having sex	Get off me Dad! You're crushing my smokes!
What do you call a dear with no eyes	No Idea
What is not allowed in the ring, but boxers do every night	Hit the sack.
What do you call a bad circumcision	A rip-off
Whats a Mexican's Favorite Sport	Cross Country
What do Brooklyn and tight jeans have in common	Flatbush.
What did a cell say to his sister cell, when she stepped on his toe	Mitosis!
What did the yogi have for breakfast	an lette
Whats the difference between congress and a US mint	One of them makes sense!
What did the pumpkin pie say to the cheesecake as they were going into the oven	I think this is a set up!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr.Dre
whats orange and black and hates lasagna	A picky eater wearing a Garfield costume.
What do you call a see through father who was born with female genitalia	Transparent.
What did Sherrock Holmes say to his partner	Sedimentary my dear Watson!
What do you call a Canadian group of racists	The Ku Kanux Klan.
What is the most religious unit in electrical engineering	Ohm.
What do motors and the Soviet Union have in common	Commutators
What is it called when you dream in color	A chromatose
What did the dead magician say	Abra-cadaver
What is green and has wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels.
What's the difference between a chestnut and a walnut	Your aim.
What makes an ISIS joke funny	The execution.
What is the definition of 'making love'	Something a woman does while a guy is f***ing her.
What do you call a dinosaur with a big penis	Megalodong.
What's white in the morning, white in the afternoon and white in the evening	An Irishman trying to get a tan.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts
What did Jesus say... when he was being nailed at the cross by the jews	Wait till Hitler comes.
What do you call a math teacher that assigns graphs with holes and assymptotes on tests	Asshole.
What do you do when your nose goes on strike	Pick it! (Picket)
What are a Mexican's favorite dimensions for square dancing	dos y dos
What do you call a pissed off german	Sauerkraut
What do Egyptians do when their mass transit breaks down	Get Anubis.
What's a 68	You do me, and I'll owe you 1!!
Whats red and smells like blue paint	Red paint.
What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic	Going inside and asking for a coat hanger.
What does a Mermaid bring to math class	An algae-bra.
What type of punch hurts kids the most	A sandy hook
What do you call explosive cow vomit	A cud missle!
What's up with all these idiots on TV trying to talk to ghosts	I don't even wanna talk to the living.
What's the difference between a folk singer and a pepperoni pizza	A pepperoni pizza can actually feed a family of five.
What lies on it's back a hundred feet in the air	A dead centipede.
What's an alcoholic's favourite type of Maths	Swigonometry.
What do you call a 7 year old redneck girl who can run faster than her brothers	A virgin.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	I have never paid $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you get when you cross a sheep with a robot	Steel wool
What's the difference between a blowjob and a burger	Oh, you don't know? We should do lunch sometime.
What's black, white and red all over	Battleship Potemkin.
What's Malcolm X's favorite Mountain Dew flavour	White-out.
What do you call a cat sitting on the edge of a cliff	A precipuss.
What did the homeless man get for christmas	very hungry
What Do You Call a Rabbit with a Crooked Dick	Fucks Funny
What did Hugh Hefner say when he got to heaven	meh
What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic	A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a personal laptop floating in the ocean	A Dell - Rolling In The Deep
What do you do at a festival when the bass is too much	Drop some acid, it'll neutralize the effect
What smells of cheese and is filled with holes	About 100 French people right now
What's Michelle's favourite vegetable	Barackoli (I'm sorry I'll leave now...)
What do you call someone addicted to both crack and weed	A rockin' roller.
What	s orange and rhymes with parrot? Carrot
What's the funniest thing you can find in a closet	Robin Williams
What do you call an Asian man with one leg	Tai-Wan-Shu
What do you call cows with no sense of humor	Feminists
What are pillowy breasts made of	mammary foam
What bee is good for your health	Vitamin bee !
What does a piano, tuna, and a bucket of glue have in common	You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Don't ask me about the bucket of glue though... I've been stuck there for a while
What's the best time of day	The Spanish Inquisition. . . . . . Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
What do wheat, gluten, and Arkansas have in common	They're all in bread.
What do Native Americans call vegetarians	Poor hunters
What's Forest Gump's password	1Forest1
What's the difference between a black man and an elevator	An elevator can raise a child.
What does Popeye's dick smell like	Olive Oil
What happened when the child molester lost his job	Classroom 3-A got a new teacher.
What do you do when you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologize.
What do Mexican's put under their carpet	Underlay
What's better than winning gold at the Paralympics	Not going to prison for murder.
What do you call a parent named Lee	Apparently
what kind of cookies do atoms eat	Fig neutrons
What do you get if you play a country music song backwards	You get your wife back. Your house back. Your truck back. Your dog back...
What did the Leper say to the Prostitute	You can keep the tip.
What happens when you don't serve drinks at a party	There's no punch line.
What does every woman have in her panties	A career.
What do you call a sarcastic mountain chain	The Kappalachians.
What script did the man with the longest penis get tattooed on his dick	TL;DR.
What happens when a vampire drinks too much	They get a fangover.
What does black people and Deutsche Mark have in common	Both are outdated currency.
What kind of cheese can be used to build a structure	Cottage cheese.
What's the difference between shame and pride	It depends on where I draw the line.
What's the key to a Pirate Opera	The High Cs
What do you do if you see a spaceman	Park in it, Man.
Q: What do you call a frog with seven legs	A: A seven-legged frog.
What do you call a prison for gays	Prism
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown	AI (Artificial Intelligence)
What do you call a crazy professor	an academia nut
What do you call... What do you call it when a person in a wheelchair tries to get through a non-automatic door	A tard time
What do you call a man under a pile of leaves	- Russell. What do you call a man under a pile of leaves for thousands of years? Pete.
What do you call a girl that can suck a lemon through a garden hose	Sweethaert. (an old one but still very very good)
What do 8 hobbits make	A hobbyte.
What is the difference between being hungry and horny	What she means by ""eat out.
What did Hannibal Lecter say when he met a sexy Black Panther at a cannibal convention	I wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat	A hoarse horse.
What do you call a peanut butter jelly sandwich in Flint MI	Pb and j
What's denser than a feminist	Water. . . . . Water is denser than fat
What should we call this giant advertising board	PHIL: A philboard BILL: I have a better idea
What would it be like to have world with out women	? It would be a real pain in the ass
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter he's not coming anyways.
What did the decorators say when they went to church	Repaint! Repaint! And thin no more!
What haircut did the Texan barber recommend when asked	He couldn't think of anything, and said ""I'll mullet over
What do you call a phallic music scale, crushed under a piano	D-flat
What do you call a dog with no legs	A log
What does Sonic the Hedgehog wear when he goes to the beach	A speedo
What's the worst question you can ask a blind date	So.. you seeing anyone?
What do you call a canadian girl that can not sing	Justin Bieber
What do you get when you cross a fish with no eyes	PETA
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in the ocean	Bob
What's the difference between normal sex and anal sex	One makes your day, the other makes your hole weak
What do you call 100 blacks buried up to their necks	Afroturf.
What do spam emails and porn have in common	They both make me insecure about my penis.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.
What is the Taliban's Favorite Holiday Footwear	What is the Taliban's favorite holiday footwear? Missile Toe! Source: My brother on the way home from subway.
Q: What do you get when you cross a pond and a stream	A: Wet feet.
What did the tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they were both stuckup cunts
What's Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie	It's still fucking Frozen!!!
What do you call a female Hitler	[This post has been deleted]
What happened when the chicken ate cement	She laid a sidewalk !
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the jews	Harry survived the chamber.
Q: What is the one thing you will never hear a  man say	A: Her tits are just too big.
What game do Anti-Vaxxer's kids play in the pool	Marco Polio
What do you call a droid that always takes the longest route	R2 Detour.
What did Amy Winehouse have in common with the Ghostbusters	They both downed spirits.
What do you call a guy with 15 rabbits up his arse	Warren.
Whats the difference between the government and a stripper	Strippers don't rig their polls.
Whats the difference between catholic priests and acne	One doesn't come on your face until your at least 13
What's the difference between a stadium full of Dallas Cowboys fans, and 90,000 buckets of shit	90,000 buckets.
What's the difference between a dirty bus-stop and a Lobster with boobs	one is a Crusty bus station, and the other is a Busty Crustacean!
What is so good about dead baby jokes	They never get old
What is a male porn actor's favorite one hit wonder song	Come on Eileen.
What do you do to turn off sexy Jenny	It may not be long, but it sure is skinny
What's black and white and being milked tonight	Michael brown's death
What do you call a bunch of black people in a pile of leaves	Raisin Bran
What do KFC and Tumblr have in common	Transfats
What do you call a charitable cookie container	A good samoa-tin
What do you call a three-footed aardvark	A yardvark!
What did the Apple Phone designer do when he got home	Jack off
What is grey and comes in pints	An elephant!
What's the difference between crime and cybercrime	At the moment this joke.
What did the evergreen tree say to it's love interest	Oh, how I pine for you!
What's the difference between Bill and Hillary Clinton	One wants their aides to keep their mouth closed, the other wants them to keep their mouth open.
What's often on the end of a man's genitals	His hand.
What's the difference between a garbonzo bean and a Russian chick pea	Trump never paid money to see a garbonzo bean!
What would Joan Rivers be doing if she was alive right now	! Scratching at the inside of her coffin. Courtesy of my dad.
What do computer experts do at weekends	Go for a disk drive.
What did Elon Musk get after his talk on colonizing Mars	Shit questions.
What is the difference between a black Jew and a white Jew	Black Jews have to sit at the back of the gas chamber.
What do you call your wife's sisters husband	An asshole, for marrying the hot sister
What's the difference between pedophiles and acne	Acne waits until you're 13.
What would be the name of a rock if she's female	ROCKelle.
What kind of doctor does a duck visit	A Ducktor.
What do you call a British guy who throws a spear through the knee	Britney Spears
What do US Jews call Santa	Sennah.
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza	Little Caesars. ...I'll see myself out.
What did the bunny ask his boss for	A raise in *celery*.
What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish	Every morning you will rise and shine.
What's a nymphomaniac cook's least favourite ingredient	Italian dressing
What is the difference Between a santa and a jew	Santa enters the chimney and jew leaves the chimney.
What do you call a mix between an elephant and a rhino	'Ell if I know
What do you call some one with no body and no nose	Nobody knows.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic	About halfway
What do you call a gay hipster	A douchefag.
What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea	An epileptic cornhusker shucks between fits.
What do girlfriends and sperm have in common	They both always seem to end up in your clothes
What did Bobby Mcferrin say to his beer	Don't worry, be hoppy :)
What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat	He got pissed off.
What do the Japanese do when they have an erection	They vote, you lacist.
What's common between a crying baby and a gun	You must not bring either to the movies.
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew	Boy Scouts come home from camp.
What are you doing when you Sentence almost a Dozen Surfers to death by the Gallows	You're Hanging Ten, Dudes!
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift
What happens when you leave 50 lesbians and 50 lawyers in a room	You end up with 100 people who don't do dick
What's the best way to knock out a dog	with a woofie.
What do we want...	LOW FLYING AIRPLANES!"" When do we want it? ""NEEEEOOOOOOOOOOW
What's the difference between a baby and a salad	Most people don't get angry when you toss a salad.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A can't see-creature.
What did the set-up say to the punchline	You're nothing but a joke.
What did one rifle say to the other	Me llamo es 762
What do you get when you kiss a bird	Chirpies. It's a Canarial Disease. It's Untweetable!
What should you do when your ex-girlfriend stands in the spotlights	Drive faster.
WHAT DO YOU THINK	??? If a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say	Beat it, we're closed.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A licalatapus
What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffet have in common	Both had Kurds in their way.
What's the most indian bone in the human body	The patella. (I'll show myself out)
What did the hungry computer programmer say	All I want is one byte. Hell, I'll even take a nibble.
What's the best part of having kids	Making them.
What changes faster than technology	Taylor Swifts boyfriend
What do planets like read	Comet books! Edit: What do planets like to read?**
What would be a good name for my daughter who is a synth	Synthia
What do you call a Greek philosopher who plays hard to get	A socra-tease Made this one up myself. I'll be here all week
What do you call a detective novel about eskimos	Whodinuit
What's the point of a high school reunion	I have Facebook. I already know you got Fat
What's the best part about being a necrophiliac	No talking during sex.
What's the similarity between Santa Claus and your doorbell ringing at 3am	It's your dad.
Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	A: If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment.
What does a 12 year old redneck girl say when she loses her virginity	Get off me dad, you're crushing my smokes!
What do you call a German singalong	Follow the lieder!
What do you call a man wearing two rain jackets	Max
What is Pedobear's favorite time of the day	When the big hand touches the little hand.
What do you need to have to do the dishes when you don't want to	Dishcipline This is literally a joke I told in a dream and I remembered it when waking up.
What did the insurance company say to Dr. Dre when his house was demolished	Someone's gotta pick up the Beats and pieces.
What is black and screams	Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What are the aardvark's favorite Beatle's songs	It's Been an Aards Day's Night and I Want to Hold Your Ant!
What did the T-Rex say when he stubbed his toe	Ouch. I'm Dino-sore!
What's the healthiest cuisine	Vitaminese food.
What are the best clothes to wear to the dance club	Boots and pants and boots and pants and boots and pants...
What do you call a nocturnal bird that likes both men and women	A bisexuowl. I'm sorry.
What Did Kid Davis Say To The Lesbian Melons	you cantaloupe. i just thought of this. probably not the first person to, but i certainly didn't steal it.
What's darker than 3am in the morning	12' noon in the cotton fields.
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One less drunk.
What do you call an alligator from India whose in charge of telling everyone what to do	A Deli-gator...I'll be here all week!
What does Mark Wahlberg eat for breakfast	Funky Bunches of Oats
What is the thinnest book in the world	What Men Know About Women.
What do you call a blind german	A not-see (Nazi).
What do you call a Muslim who's always late for everything	9/12
What do you call a happy prosecutor	Smiles Edgeworth
What do you call a happy Kia owner	An optimast.
What did the ventriloquist say to their friend	Nothing. He's mute. I don't even think he's as ventriloquist.
What do bored frogs do on a Friday night	.. They go Bar Hopping!...
What did the parrot say when he saw a duck	Polly want a quacker!
What do you call an attractive bee who goes to bars	A bar-bee!
What do you get if you cross Father Christmas with a detective	Santa Clues !
What type of music does the Easter Bunny listen to	Hip-Hop!
What do a burnt pizza and a baby have in common	Some idiot pulled it out to late
Q: What's the friendliest school	A: Hi school.
What do you call a black person from Niger	A Nigerian, you racist
What's Lorde's favourite band	Yeah Yeah Yeahs
What insect lives on nothing	A moth because it eats holes.
What's hindi for milf	Mumbae
What's E.T short for	Because he's got small legs
What's the hardest part about eating a Vegetable	putting her back in the wheelchair when you're done.
What do you call a Native family reunion	An alcoholics anonymous meeting.
What happens when a nun becomes pregnant	They fire a Canon.
What did the saucer say to the teacup	You have a hot bottom.
What was the old lady's favourite type of wine	Why don't you ever take me to Florida?"" Courtesy of my Nana.
What do you call a tenor with erectile problems	Flacido Domingo.
What's hairy and flies through the air	Jonathan Livingstone Gorilla!
what's the difference between the government and the mafia	The Mafia is organized
What was Monica Lewinsky's job at the White House	Receiving heads of state.
What's something a gay man can't live without	Water
What did cheese say when it looked in the mirror	Halloumi
What do you call a fruit that argues against the position it supports	The Devil's advocado.
What's the difference between a dirty Greyhound station and a lobster with big breasts	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What do you call a software developer who's also a gynecologist	Front-end
What do you get if a huge hairy monster steps on Batman and Robin	Flatman and Ribbon !
What does a redneck garden gnome hate more than anything	Transplants
What did John and Yoko say when their son wouldn't eat his vegetables	All we are saying is give peas a chance.
What does a cat say when it lands on it's back	Me. Ow.
What do nine out of ten people like	Gang rape.
What did the other vegetables in the garden say when a rumor was going around that two vegetables might start dating	I heard it through the grapevine.
What do Paint Samples and Michael Jackson have in common	They both come in little white cans...
What has hands but can't clap	Stephen Hawking
What is a duck's favorite drug	Quack (Sorry for wasting your time)
What did one pedophile say to the other	I'll give you two fives for a ten.
What do you call a union of writers	A writers' block
What did the banana say to the vibrator	Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me!
What is Apple's favorite song	Hit the Road Jack
What's the difference between anal and oral sex	Oral sex makes your day. Anal makes your hole weak.
What kind of cars do jedis drive	A toy-*yoda*
What does spinach and anal sex have in common	If you had it as a child, you more likely don't like it.
What did the pedophile from Ireland say	Irish I was a little boy.
What do you get when you cross a cat and a wild boar	Revocation of your grant money and a stern rebuke from the ethics committee.
What happens when you turn a cashew in to the police	You bust a nut
What is the difference between a gay mans mustache and a straight mans mustache	Andwer: the smell.
What do musicians get after they eat a candy bar	A wrapper.
What do you feed a 600 pound Gorilla	Anything it wants!
What do you call a cow with a twitch	Beef-jerky.
What's 12 inches long and white	Nothing.
What did the blonde's mom say before the blonde's date	If you are not in bed by 12, come home.
What did Gimli say when his wife wasn't in the mood for sex	You're going to have to toss me
What do we want	BIGGER PLACARDS! When do we want them? NO
What's Israel favorite martial arts style	Jew-jitsu
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut will sleep with anyone. A bitch will sleep with anyone but YOU.
What do you say to a masochistic necrophiliac going through a beastiality phase	Stop beating a dead horse!
What's a life without units	Unmeasurable.
What do you call the Scottish dentist	Phil McCavity !
What's the reason my shower isn't working	You have only one second to guess the answer. No pressure.
What do you call two jalapenos getting it on	Fucking hot!
What's the difference between a gynecologist and a pedophile music teacher	The teacher fucks his singers, the gyno sucks his fingers.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	Noeyedeer.
What's green got 6 legs and if it falls out of a tree it'll kill you	A pool table
What do gay horses eat	dick.
What fish only swims at night	A starfish !
What did the toaster say to the pop tart	I want you inside of me.
What do you call a programmer's testicles	A hackysack.
What do you call some who's too pooped to Pope	Ex-Benedict
What's the difference between a hippie and a geologist	Not much. One likes getting stones, the other likes getting stoned.
What's Gatsby's favorite and least favorite superhero	Green Lantern and Deadpool.
What did the beaver say when he fell in water	Damn it.
What do you call it when the new US president waves his hand	A microwave.
What happens when Jack is angry with his beans	Jack and the beans talk
What are the four hardest years of a police officer's life	The first grade.
What's Beethoven's favourite fruit	BA NA NA NA. BA NA NA NA.
What is worse than dying in a mass shooting in America	Your dad finding out you're gay.
What performance enhancing drugs do penguins use	Polaroids
What do you call a Mexican cutting a Mobius Strip	? Juan.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	You can't milk a cow for 11 years.
What did the Mexican... What did the Mexican man order at the country musician themed restaurant	A Reba!
What's the difference between US Politics and WWE	one is a predetermined charade that takes a tremendous amount of willingness to suspend disbelief the other is pro wrestling.
What do get when a ghost picks his nose	Boooooogers!
What service did Michael Jackson use to do his taxes	Pay-To-File
What did the mountain climber name his son	Cliff
What do you call a Russian wearing a head scarf, a balaclava and a helmet	Anything you want. He can't hear a thing.
What do you call a rabbit who works in a  bakery	A yeaster bunny!
What is Forrest Gump's password	1Forest1
What happened to the frog that broke down	It got toad away.
What's the difference between toilet paper and toast	Toast is brown on both sides.
What do Boobs and Lego have in common	Both are intended for children, but it's the Dads who end up playing with them most.
What did the lobster do at the disco	Pulled a muscle.
What's the difference between a white girl and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
What did the right breast say to the left breast in the mirror	You look like a right tit in that.
Whats black, heavy, round and comes from the sky that can kill you	A bowling ball.
Q: What's the abominable snowman's favourite food	A: Spag-yeti.
What's the difference between an Arts student and a large pizza	A large pizza can feed a family of 4
What did iodine say to Xenon when caesium died	Well, I guess we better Barium.
What do they say about the blind prostitute	You really gotta hand it to her.
What do you call guacamole that won't talk to you	Incommunicado
What do old people smell like	Depends.
What do you call it when a video game character gets hair on his body	Q*berty. (my kids wrote this!)
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-ton	Lukewarm
Whats brown and rhymes with ""Snoop""	Dr. Dre
What did the O say to the Q	Dude, you're dicks hanging out
What happens when you spike Hawaiian Punch	It gets a lil' kick. :)
What's the Difference Between Roast Beef and Pea Soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What do creationists and neutron stars have in common	Density
What is E.T. short for	So he can fit into his spaceship.
What's DJ Khaled's favorite number	11, because it has another one.
What do Cooperstown and Woodstock have in common	Cooperstown is where Baseball wasn't invented and Woodstock is where the festival didn't happen.
What's long green and goes hith	A snake with a lisp !
What are you doing on Valentines Day	I'm getting my hands massaged.
What do women and modern computers have in common	Neither one will accept a 3 and a half inch floppy
What do you call a fly with no wings	A walk.
What do you call a fly with no wings	A walk!
What would Harper Lee's book be called if he was Mexican	Tequila Mockingbird.
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	?? One is a crusty bus station and one is a busty crustacean:D
What's the best part of twenty eight year old chicks	There's twenty of them.
What medicine would you give an ill ant	Antibiotics !
What's a pedo's favorite kind of shoe	White vans
What did the pirate say to his sister	Aye sis
What's a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross-country
What do you call a ghost detective	An Inspectre
What did the pilot say to the co-pilot right before the UPS plane crash in Alabama	Too soon.
What does a nosy pepper do	Gets jalapeno business!
What's a pet's favorite day	...Saint Petrick's Day
What does ADA stand for	Dyslexic Association of America
What instrument do Mexicans hate	The TRUMPet.
What do you call a whore famous among pickles	A lady of dill repute.
Q: What did the tree say when it messed up	A: It was an oakcident.
What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head	I have only my shelf to blame
What is a duck's favorite TV show	The feather forecast !
What's green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	a pool table.
What's the difference between a gay mustache and a straight mustache	The smell.
What is a skeletons favorite tool	A bonesaw
What is a menstruating woman's favorite genre of movies	Period films
What's the hardest part about a fat nun's job	Getting into the habit
What do running shoes and Neo-Nazis have in common	Both make Jews run faster! (Sorry, but as an agnostic Jew myself, I hope that it's okay for me to make this joke.)
What pier is disliked by almost everybody	Piers Morgan.
What do you call a polish guy on a boat	A fishing pole
What animal do you look like when you get into the bath	A little bear !
What did my grandfather say before he kicked the bucket	I wonder how far I can kick this bucket"" Ba dum tsssh
Whats the difference between a hippy chick and a washing machine	When you drop a load in, it doesn't follow you around for 6 months trying to get spun. 8)
Q: What's the difference between Bill  Clinton and a container of yogurt	A: Yogurt has culture.
What do you call a really shitty nieghbor	Dinkleberry!
What did Napoleon become when he was 41 years  old	A year older on his birthday !
What did Batman say to Robin just before they got in the batmobile	Get in the batmobile, Robin
What do you call a Mexican that can't cross the border	A Mexi*can't*
What do you call a couple punctual doctors with good handwriting	A paradox.
What did one dead American cop say to the other dead American cop	Waaazzzzzzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaappppppp.
What is a pirate's favourite letter	Aye.
What do onions and people have in common	I weep uncontrollably when I cut them.
What happens when someone overdoses on Viagra	They die hard.
What's the craziest type of bread	Banana Nut Bread!
What language does robot Marco run on	Rubio on rails
What's the difference between a vampire with toothache and a rainstorm	One roars with pain and the other pours with rain.
What did the square say to the blob	You're out of shape.
What do Apple and Blackberry have in common	Neither one has Jobs.
What do you call a starting indie dev	No Game No Life
What's a jew doing on a swing	Fucking with the german snipers
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter	Quack, quack, quack.
What is the reason for short people temper	They are closer to hell.
What killed the Aztec	A broken heart.
What do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	One doesn't scream when you put it in an oven
What Happened when Feminist's found out about Reddit	Well they [deleted]
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game	Before the First Period.
What do you call a fat psychic	A four-chin teller.
What do they eat on the set of a chick flick	Romcomnoms
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	Fitting in....
What makes a juice joke so funny	The punchline
What do a pair of briefs and a cheap hotel have in common	No ballroom.
What is the media of choice for the mallard	**DUCK TAPE!!!** lololololololol-- *cough cough* --lololololol
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by this chick
What do you call the hairiest man in the camp	Jewbacca
What do a plate of homemade brownies and a golden shower have in common	Urine for a treat.
What language does a flight attendant speak	Plane English.
What do you call a group of Chlamydia bacteria	An applause....
What cheese is used to block online streaming	Edam
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing... they're both stuck up bitches.
What are the two greatest lies	The check is in the mail"" and ""I promise I won't cum in your mouth.
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna and a jar of glue	You: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Person getting told joke: What about the glue? You: I knew you'd get stuck there!
What's the difference between Biggie Smalls and Charlie Chaplin	One rocks the mic, while the other mocks the reich.
What kind of glass do they put up in restaurant windows to make people want to eat more	Hunger panes.
What do you call a liver transplant	A delivery.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a robot designed by the Military industrial complex	I'd fuck the robot.
What did the impatient waiter ask the gluttonous aardvark	Is that your final ant sir!
What's the difference between a hockey player and my exgirlfriend	A hockey player will shower after 3 periods
What do you call someone with no shins	Tony
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies	Napalm
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable	Fitting the wheelchair in the oven.
What's the difference between my dick and my wifes vibrater	The vibrater can actually make her orgasm. (Sorry for spelling.)
What Google Drive app is reserved for Jews	Google Gasroom
What do you call a corn farmer who wakes up one morning to find that complex branching pathways have been cut into his field	amaized.
What is Doctor Who's favorite snack	Pop-Tardis
What car does Luke Skywalker Drive	a toy-""Yoda
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Strockin' Off
What do you call a company that makes Mexicans	A MexiCo.
What do amputee bears and regular bears have in common	They both have four legs. (assuming the amputee is missing a different appendage)
What is worse than a dog howling at the moon	Two dogs howling at the moon.
What do you call a galaxy full of Brazilians	The Milky Hue.
What do you call a barn full of black people	Antique farm equipment.
What does a battery have that a women hasn't	A positive side....
What do Grammar Nazis support	The Third Write
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus	He stole the show !
What's the leading cause of child molestation	Sexy children
What's red and bad for your teeth	a brick.
What do you call a wizard with a good outlook on life	An Opti-Mystic.
What do you call a Mexican that lost his car	Carloss. MUHAHAHAHA
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	One makes your whole week, the other makes your hole weak.
What do you call an oval with a speech impediment	An Elipshhh
What's the difference between Ethiopians and gorillas	Nobody cares about Ethiopians dying. (First post on r/jokes and a bit offensive)
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	(Say it out) An elephino!
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	fshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Q: What's the definition of a nerd	A: Someone who has his or her own alto clarinet.
What is a simile	It's like a metaphor.
What is dementia	I forget
What do you call a computer that is running slow	Restarted.
What do you call an astronaut who loves himself	A NASAccist!
What do you call it when crows make noise	A caw-cawphony
What did the body-building priest say after he was caught eating all the communion	I was putting on Mass.
What did the cop do when his Sergeant did not grant him the vacation he requested	Shot a black man.
What did the American vet did when he came to back from Vietnam	The guns wasn't in the horse fixing resume!
What was Hitler's amplifier called	Mein Ampf
What is it called when Batman skips church	.....Christian Bale.
What is Donald Trump's favourite music album	The Wall
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
What's the difference between a fly and a bird	A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.
What's the most sensitive part of the body when masturbating	The ears
What's the name of the elite hacking group from Canada	Anonymoose
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid 200 dollars to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
What's the difference between a fox and a pig	About six drinks
What's the definition of a mere myth	A pirate ship thailing clothe to an itheberg
What salad dressing does Macaulay Culkin prefer	Neverland Ranch.
What do you call a big, dumb, slow guy who cuts down trees	A lumbering oaf.
Q: What do you get when you cross a matzo ball with LSD	A: A trip to Israel.
What do you call three witches in a hot tub	A self-cleaning coven.
What do you call a pig with good table manners	Sick.
What is a Mexican astronomer's favorite food	A Quasar-dilla.
What do you call a man who supports women's sports	A sports brah
What do you call a bra stretched across a road	A booby-trap
What material is Mario's pants made out of	Denim denim denim.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an acronym	An acronym stands for something
What's Irish and stays out all night	Patio furniture.
What's a racist's favorite dessert	Cake Cake Cake
What is the ideal weight of a lawyer	About three pounds, including the urn.
What type of bagel can fly	A plain bagel
whats the difference between jam and jelly	cant jelly my dick in your ass...
What's black and runny	Usain Bolt.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs	Hailing taxis.
What do you call two black guys on a white guy	...half a sack
What do you call a rapper who likes honey for breakfast	Sugar Puff Daddy
What do you call a puppy combined with bread	Well, It's not a purebread anymore.
What's the difference between a woman and a plate	You can't lick a woman dry. Rimshot*
what does the Jewish midwife say to the Non-Jewish woman who just gave birth	It's a Goy !
What do hip pigs call their ladies	Fine swine.
What's long, brown, and sticky	A stick
What do you call a homosexual weight lifter	Trap Queen
What do they always forget to do after filming a season of Game of Thrones	The last one out is meant to get the Wights
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	A bad golfer goes: *whack* ""Dang!"" A bad skydiver goes: ""Dang!"" *whack*
What do we want	LOW FLYING AIRPLANE NOISES! When do we want them? NNNEEEEEEEOOOOOOOWWWWWwwwwwwww
What did the Hammerhead say to the Great White as they parted ways	I guess I'll see you around chum.
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	snow balls
What did Jesus say to the flock of sheep	I herd that.
What is a Jewish dilemma	Free ham.
What's the worst thing about being a professional alligator wrestler	You have to start off by being an amateur alligator wrestler.
What does a chameleon that can't change color suffer from	Reptile disfunction
What do you call a bag of tiny crosses	Jesus Pieces.
What would a pig name a chain of food stores	Stop ""N Slop Markets
What do tasty weiner's and attractive bitches have in common	They are both hot dogs.
What's the motto of the Singaporean police	Big Brudder is watching you
What is the opposite of /r/upliftingnews	/r/news
What do you call an eskimo peeping tom	Tom Tookalook. I'm sorry guys...
What is a horny pirates worst nightmare	A small chest with no booty!
What's your most fucked up joke	I'm looking for the most cancerous jokes you can think of.
What's green and has wheels	Grass... I lied about the wheels
What does a frenchman call a lesiban threesome	Tres bien
What's the opposite of a gay bar	An allahu akbar.
What is worse than ants in your pants	Uncles in your pants
What do the French have between the 2nd and 3rd course	Intercourse.
What did the lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire	See you next month
What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
What's the worst thing to hear during sex	Honey, I'm home!
What has eight arms and an IQ of 60	Four guys watching a football game.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Hitler.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals	Philippe Philoppe.
Q: What did the tree say to the mountain	A: Stop peaking at me.
What did the lesbian vampire say to her lover	See you next month
What do you call Bono's stupid brother	Duno...
What did the demonic junkie get charged with	Two counts of possession
What do whores and sailors have in common	They are both always surrounded by sea - men! I made up this one.
What's an archaeologist	Someone whose career is in ruins.
What do you call a soldier who has been mustard gassed and pepper sprayed	A seasoned veteran.. I'm so sorry
What did the Soviet man have to say about the Nazis	U SS R the worst
What ringtone have you got	Murphy asked Paddy, ""What ringtone have you got?"" Paddy said, ""I've never really looked, but probably light brown
What do you call a stock broker having sex in the middle of his work	Insid'er trading. http://i.imgur.com/oTp4lvG.gif
What is Link's favorite hotel	Hyaaaaatt!
What are the similarities between fat chicks and bricks	they both get laid by mexicans
What was Jesus favorite games	Hangman and lacrosse
What type of lunch do you get at an air show	A plain one.
What do you call it when you play Nintendo games because you have nothing better to do	Ennwii
what's the difference between my television and my wife	my friends wait til i'm home to use my television
What's the difference between a High School girls track team and a tribe of pigmy	Pigmies are a cunning bunch of runts.
Whats the difference between a pussy and a freezer	The Freezer dosen't fart when you take the meat out.
What were the favorite Linux text editors of 8 randomly selected Monty Python fans	vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, emacs, and vim.
Q: What do you call a line of rabbits walking backwards	A: A receding hare-line.
What do ducks do at Christmas time	They duckerate cookies.
What is a rocket's favorite meal	Launch! Another one from my 9 year old.
What do you call 6.022*10^23 butts	Molasses
What do you do when your one night stand doesn't take Plan B	Plan C-ya.
What's your favorite pickup line	Mine is the Ford F Series.
What's the hardest thing about becoming a lawyer in Ireland	Passing the bar.
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons	Jose and Hose B. It sounds better when said aloud.
What do you call a really bad driver in France	A woman.
What do you call a girl who friend zones you	M'lady
What is Mario's favorite search browser	YYYYAAAAHHHHHOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (I will leave now)
What do I call my pasta friend	Ma Caroni! (my crony)
What concert costs 45 cents	50 cent, featuring nickelback
What happens to a Canadian's car when it breaks down	The owner calls Triple Eh.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall	damn.
What does Leia say when she needs help	I think I could use a Han here.
What is green and sings	Elvis Parsley
What happens to Nitrogen when you put it in direct sunlight	It becomes DAYTROGEN!
Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket of dirt	A: The bucket.
What is the poorest tree in the forest	The burr-oak tree.
Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Joseph Stalin	A: Some of Stalin's subjects admired him.
What do you call a cow thats had a hysterectomy	Decaffeinated.
What is a slut	A woman with the morals of a man
What's the difference between a corpse and a Chinese baby girl	5 minutes
What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad	The frog goes ""Ribbit ribbit"" and the horny toad goes ""rub it rub it.
what do you call a magical dog	A Labracadabrador.
What does an LGBT rabbi call a blessing	a brucea
What do you get if you cross a Rottweiller and a  hyena	I don't know but I'll join in if it laughs !
What did the claustrophobic fungi say to his friends	There's not mushroom in here
What kind of computer sings	A Dell
Whats the difference between a feminist and a baby	At some point in its life, the baby will stop crying and grow up.
What do planets do to follow each other on SpaceTube	Sunscribe.
What trees do skeletons like	S*pine* trees!
What gets wetter the more you dry	A woman on a tumble dryer! (Bet you thought I was gonna say 'a towel', didn't you, silly redditors?)
What's the difference between Donald Trump and /r/Jokes	Nothing. They both manage to stay popular despite a whole load of crap.
Q: What's an archeologist	A: Someone whose career is in ruins.
What do you get if you cross a monster with a  flea	Lots of very worried dogs.
What do you call an aminoacid glued to an Australian	A glutamate.
What type of bonds deals with the bad guys	James
What's a woman ideal husband	An archaeologist. The older she gets the more interested he becomes.
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator	My refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out of it.
What did the writing utensil take for his high sugar level	Pencil-in.
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheel chair.
What do you call a Catholic Missionary who is also a car enthusiast	A Catholitic Converter
What type music should you practice before doing something dangerous	Safety measures.
What's the American settler's spirit animal	The groundhog.
What do you call it when Hitler pees	Fuhrenating.
What do you call a fast zombie	A zoombie
what did the angry German man say when he was asked to count to 10	NEIN!!!
What's scary about a white man in prison	You know he did it
What kind of cheese do you use to entice a bear	Camembert!
What does Joan Jett use when her lips are chapped	Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry balm!
What did the fish say when he ran into the wall	Dam
What did the city worker say after his first ever pony trek	I never knew anything stuffed with hay could be so hard!
What do Justin Bieber and Pinocchio have in common	Both want to be real boys
What's the difference between a priest and a chilean mining company	One gets its miners stuck in shafts, and the other gets its shaft stuck in minors.
What kind of umbrella does the Queen of England carry on a rainy day	A wet one.
What do you call the butt end of a banana	The bananus
What kind of fish loves to fix instruments	A tuna.
What's concurrency	Fake money they use in prisons.
What does a radical sheep say	Allahu Ak-Baa!
What's the difference between a cat and a period	A cat has claws at the end of its paws, and a period is a pause at the end of a clause.
What's the difference between scouts and jews	The scouts return from camp.
What did the LOTR fan say to the LOTR hater	What are you Tolkien about...
What's Master P's favorite fruit	Uhh' banananaaaaaa
What did Michael Phelps say after the Mens 200m	I would've gotten second if it weren't for you medaling kids.
What language do bees speak	The beesnese
What do French people call a really bad Thursday	A trajeudi.
What's a female lizard's favorite song	Girls just iguana have fun"".
What word in the English language is always spelled incorrectly	Incorrectly.
What did the Math book say to the pencil	I see your point; I've got a lot of problems.
What do you call a clock you wear on your belt	A waist of time
What did the blind man say when he walked into the fish market	Good morniiiiiiing ladies!
What do Swimming and Masturbation have in common	You have to get through a lot of fluid to find the perfect stroke.
What do you call the cook on a Soviet battleship	The khrushchev
What did it say on the former chairman of the Hypochondriac Association's tombstone	Told you!
What noise does a Russian Sheep make	It Blyats.
What breaks when you give it to a six year old	His hips
What do you call ten rabbits walking backwards	A receding HARE line!
What do you call a smart gay chemist	A homogeneous
What is the motto for the Epilepsy Research Society	Sieze the day
What's a killer whale's favorite pasta	Penguini
Whats the difference between an anal thermometer and an oral thermometer	the taste!
What do you get when you put root beer in a square glass	beer
What did the buffalo say when his kid left for college	Bison
What is a group of gay pirates favorite pastime	Pegging each other's booty
What's the difference between a 6 month old and a 20 year old	About 6 garbage bags and 30 gallons of formaldehyde.
What do you call a female sex change operation	an addadicktome!
What is someone who just got left at the alters least favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
What country does every one called Andy come from	Peru, because it's the home of the Andes!
What did the earthquake say to all of its victims	Oh, sorry...my fault.
What did the homeless men yell when they hit each other with cardboard	Pillow fight!
What should you do if your walls get cold	Put on another coat.
What is Cthulhu's favorite cookbook	The NecroNomNomNom!
What do you call a bus on its way to Comic Con	Virgin Mobile
What did Kim Jong Un say when his father died	His korea is over!
What does Spider-man wear when it gets cold out	A Peter Parka
What did the submissive Native American woman say while having sex	Permission Tecumseh?
What do you call a car without a hood	Circumcised
What's the difference between the Mafia and the Government	Only one of them is organized.
Whats better than winning silver at the paralympics	Not being a cripple.
What do Terry Fox and Adolf Hitler have in common	Neither one of them could finish a race.
What do you call the things on the end of Winnie the Pooh's feet	Putos (Ask your Mexican friend)
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Oggggh (Gagging noise)
What's the difference between a chicken and a pussy	A chicken is easier to eat if you bone it first.
What's an emo's favourite laptop	A ""Razer Blade
What's the difference between an elevator and a redditor	An elevator has a GF
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wipe his ass. [Edit] my uncle just told me this
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scotsman	The Rolling Stones sing ""Hey You! Get off of my cloud!"" A Scotsman shouts ""Hey Mcleod!! Get off of my ewe!
What's a computer's favourite snack	Fried cache-ews.
What's Hitlers favorite video game	Space Invaders
What is Kanye West's favorite kind of omelette	Omelette you finish
What's a similarity between obese people, and my relationships with women	They don't work out.
Q: What do blondes and cow-pats have in common	A: They both get easier to pick-up with age.
What do Australians and wetting yourself in the basement have in common	They're both incontinence down under.
What do you call a calm Asian man	A Mellow Yellow
What do you call a Parrot that loves maths and hates food	a polynomeal
What do you call an emo vegetable	A despair-agus
What do you call... What do you call nuts on your chest	Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your wall? Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A DICK in your mouth!
What's big and gray and comes in quarts	An elephant
What happened to the butched after he backed into the meat grinder	he got a little ""behind"" in his work
What kind of soup do men have after sex	Split pee
What has 99 legs and one tooth	The front row at a Willie Nelson concert.
What did the gay guy change his name to	Roy G. Biv
What did the impatient cow say at the stampede	MOOOOOOVE !
What are OJ Simpsons' favorite keys on a keyboard	/ \ Esc
What do you do if can't change a lightbulb	Ya know what? Just screw it.
what fabric softener do Special Ed kids use	Downy
What's Pamela Andersons favorite soda	Hepsi!
What do they call cunnilingis in India	A punjob.
Q: What's the difference between getting a  divorce and getting circumcised	A: When you get a divorce you get rid of the whole prick!
What is the similarity between Disney World and a woman	They both make you wait 2 hours for a 30 second ride!
What did Iron say to Silver after 30 years	You haven't AG-ed a bit.
What is the difference between a fly and a mosquito	A mosquito can ""fly"", but a fly can not ""mosquito"".
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Fsh.
What is an adulterers favorite snack	Cheetos.
Whats your wife's anus and a nine volt battery got in common	You know its wrong, but sooner or later your going to touch it with your tongue.
What did the priest say about consorting with the sisters of the church	Nun is better!
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms	A: Way to go team.
What was the code to hitler's secret bunker	NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN!
what do you call a black man flying a plane	a pilot you fucken racist!
What kind of pants do Mario and Luigi wear	Denim Denim Denim
what does Hitler do to detox	a jewce cleanse lol I'm sorry.
What has six legs two arms four eyes and a  tail	A man holding an aardvark.
What do me and Mariah Carey have in common	Neither of us know the words to any of her songs
What does your mother and a neckbeard have in common	They both love Ten D's
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over	Doughnuts.
What type of carpet do you put in an igloo	Burr-burr
What do ghosts serve for dessert	I Scream.
What did Donald Duck say to the prostitute	Put it on my bill.
What do you call an underwater adventure with a Great Dane	Scooby-Diving
What do you call 20 lesbians in a tree	A Country
What's black, white, red, and has trouble going through a revolving door	A nun with a spear through her head.
What has two wings and a halo	A Chinese telephone. ""Wing wing"". ""Halo?
What do these owners think when choosing music for their stores restroom	oh yeah people like to listen to this when they're taking a shit
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	ghughgugjjch
what do you call a cow that's recently given birth	Decaffinated
What's the difference between pussy and parsley	Nobody eats parsley.
What is a lesbians favorite type of woodworking joint	Tongue and groove
What's a gambler's favorite time of day	10 to 1.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree	Hold onto your nuts boy, this ain't no ordinary blow job!
What do you call an airplane that flies backwards	a receeding airline.... bada boom! The little bros joke book is pure gold haha
What were the last two pizzas delivered to the world trade centers	Two large planes
What did the cannibal order at the bakery	Cinnamon buns.
What's brown and sticky	... a stick. What's brown and runny?... Usain Bolt
What do you do when you're attacked by a group of clowns	Go for the juggler
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on my organ My dad told me this joke when I was 5, I finally understood it 19 years later. Hope it doesn't take you that long
What's the best thing about the US economy being so bad	No telemarketers.
What do you call a sheep without legs	A cloud.
Whats black, white, red and rolls around in a KFC parking lot	Litter that the wind blew out of the trash you racist piece of shit!
What do you get when you fart on your wallet	Gas money
Whats the difference between a South African tourist and a racist	About a week or so
What's the hottest part of a room	The corner, it's 90 degrees.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never paid $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What does a hooker get from Santa	50 bucks
What's the difference in roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What happens when Captain America drinks water	He becomes hydrated.
What do gay horses eat	Horse penis
What's the difference a teckel and the United Nations	There's none. They both have big hearts but a short reach.
What is the main difference between a drag show and a drag race	The phrase ""I blew a tranny"" means something totally different.
What did Watson and Crick study to find DNA	Rosalind Franklin's notes.
What animal is best at playing hide and seek	The airplane.
Whats the last thing you give a tickle me elmo before it leaves the factory	Two test-tickles.
Whats the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted
What do you call a really fast seamstress	Tailor Swift
What did the chemist say when he found out his two pet dogs died	Barium
What sound does a Filipino horse make when it gallops	Tagalog-tagalog-tagalog-tagalog.
What do ""Damn Daniel"" and pedophiles have in common	They both have white vans
What do cats eat in the summer	Mice cream.. ba dum dum tsst!
What did the yoga teacher say to her land lord when he tried to evict her	Nah Imma stay
What's gray and comes in quarts	Elephants.
What do you call a penis potato	A dictator!
What do you give to a man that had everything	Antibiotics
What's better than roses on your piano	Two lips on your organ.
What kind of meat does the Pope eat	Nun
What do you call a nut	What do you call nuts on the wall? Walnuts What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on your chin? My dick in your mouth
whats the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake	There is one less drunk at the wake
What do you call a Muslim abortion clinic	counter terrorism
What's better than a pair of Emerency Medical Technicians	A paramedic(s)!
What's a frogs favourite flower	A croakus !
What is Jabba the Hut's middle name	the
What do you call an Italian with two broken hands	Mute
What do you call an Italian who has sex with kids	PASTA
What's a hippies favourite food	Peas, man.
What do you call a redhead [NSFW] ...in an interracial gangbang	Red Riding Hood Happy Halloween.
What's common between American beer and making love in a canoe	It's fucking close to water.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer	A freezer doesn't fart when I pull the meat out.
What do motor scooters and fat women have in common	They're fun to ride until your friends find out.
What's the difference between a muslim sex-doll &amp; a christian sex-doll	The muslim sex-doll blows ITSELF up.
What do you call a constipated vegan	A grasshole.
What was Jesus' favorite sport	Crossfitting.
What do you call a chicken coop with five doors	A hatchback.
What do you call a dog who digs for bones	A Bark-aeologist
What did the Pink Panther say after he sprayed raid on an anthill	*Dead ant. Dead ant. Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant.*
What do you call a black man on the moon	An afronaut.
What do you call a hooker fart	A prosti-toot. Zing pow!
What's an activity 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang rape
What do you get when you go to a rapper's vegetable farm	Beets by Dre
What do you call a philosophical priest	A deep friar
What do you call a menstruating caucasian with depression	Red, white and blue
What's the difference in a refrigerator and a vagina	A refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out.
What do you call a bunch of black children playing in a pile of leaves	raisin bran
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry Potter made it out the chamber alive
What did the turkey say when he accidentally bumped into the president	Pardon me.
What is the difference between a Jew and a Canoe	a canoe tips.
What is Jamaica's favorite male bird	The mongoose.
What was the cause for Floyd Mayweather's first loss	He couldn't read his opponent's moves.
What did the snowman do when he saw a snow blower go by	Pull down his pants.
Q: What is the definition of a Soviet String Quartet	A: A Soviet Symphony Orchestra after a tour of the USA!
What do you call a person that's not doing anything at a temple	An idle worshiper.
What do you call a rooster looking at a vegetable patch	Chicken Caesar Salad
What did Shrek say when the waiter dropped off his food at the German Restaurant	Donkey!"" (Danke) You gotta say it with the shrek accent to work.
What's green, slimy, and smells like pork	Kermit's dick.
What did father bee say to his rebelling son	Beehive!
What do they call divorce in India	Re-arranged marriage
What do you call a white guy who's beating someone in the street	Officer.
What do the Mafia and vaginas have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit
What's the difference between a Jew and a Boy Scout	A Boyscout comes back from camp!
What appears when you ask a genie for a classical composer	A wish Liszt.
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull out your meat.
What is the longest word	Smiles... It has a mile between the two 'S's
What does the neckbeard mosquito say to the female mosquito	M'laria
What do you call 222,215 Frenchman with their arms up	The active french armed forces.
What's the difference between your boyfriend and whipped cream	The cream
What do you call the story of The Three Little Pigs	A pig tail!
What do you get when you cross a gorilla and a member of the Westboro Baptist Church	a retarded gorilla
what did the transvestite say to the pirate	Q. what did the transvestite say to the pirate? A. ""I'M going to plunder your butt hole!
What Do You Call A Dead Redditor	[REMOVED]
What does a Polish man give to his bride on their wedding day that's both long and hard	His surname
What do you get if you cross a dentist and a soldier	A Drill Sergeant
What's the best cure to a bad hangover	A good personality
What's the difference between the Easter Bunny and a silly monster	One's a hare-head and the other's an air-head!
What do Bernie Sanders and the Statue of Liberty have in common	Common people sent both of them pennies to help build a foundation for liberty.
What's the height of conceit	Ant crawling up an elephant's leg with lust in its heart
What's fatter than your mom	Your mom after her next meal.
What's the difference between America and a bottle of milk	In 200 years the milk will have developed a culture.
What is a mosquito's favourite sport	Skin-diving !
What do you call joke told by a duck	A wise quack.
What is the difference between an aardvark and a coyote	One has a long smeller the other a loud yeller!
What's the Difference Between Peanut Butter and Jam	I can't peanut butter my dick in your ass.
What was left after Pavarotti passed away	20
What do you call a rooster from China	Caucasian
What is a ferret funeral	Serious business
What do you get when you cross a lawnmower and a canary	Shredded tweet.
What do you call an obese psychic that works at a bank	A four chin teller
What do bees chew	Bumble gum !
What's the difference between a cow and 911	You stop milking a cow after 14 years..
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	Hell if I know!
What does a 9 volt battery, and a pretty girls bumhole have in common	People tell you not to, but you're still going to put your tongue on it.
What did the snake say when he was offered a piece of cheese for dinner	Thank you I'll just have a slither.
What is the wasps' favorite song	Just a Spoonful of Sugar.
what do you get when you eat all of the potatoes	*chuckle* they're all gone!
What do you call an army of lesbians	Militia Etheridge
What did 0 say to 8	hey, nice belt!
What do Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson have in common	They both spent a fortune making their noses more white.
What do you call a restaurant that sells food that contains weed	McBongald's
Whats the difference between a smart midget and a venereal disease	Ones a cunning runt...
What is the term for someone that gets aroused watching Star Wars	They have a Bobba Fetish
What do you call dangerous precipitation	A rain of terror.
What's a polar bear	A rectangular bear after a co&amp;ouml;rdinate transform.
What is the medical term for owning too many dogs	[A Roverdose](http://i.imgur.com/BtyF5ys.jpg)
What do you get if you push a gypsy off a bike	Your bike back
What's the difference between a Greyhound bus depot and a lobster with big boobs	One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What makes an elderly millionaire bachelor more attractive	Terminal illness.
What is the difference between a mechanical and civil engineer	The former builds weapons, the latter targets
What do you call a can after it completes college	A graduated cylinder.
Q: What has dual airbags and has lots of room	A: The White House.
What is the only deaf animal	Def Leppard
What do you call a dairy cow who doesn't produce any milk	(OC) An utter disappointment
What are twins favorite fruits	Pears
What is a oreo	2 gang members smashing a white boys face.
What does an antisemite say when he rolls five of a kind	Nazi!
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Donald Trump's tie
What did Helen Keller say after she finished her bowl of cereal for breakfast	I may be blind, but I can see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
What's Hitlers least favorite planet	Jewpiter.
What's musical and holds gallons and gallons of beer	A barrel organ.
Whats the difference between pink and purple	?? Your grip!!!
What's the difference between the Foo Fighters and Nickleback	Nickleback sucks.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	(NSFW) I'll see you next month.
What's the difference between mayonnaise and sperm	Mayonnaise doesn't hit the back if my girlfriend's throat at 60 miles per hour.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalottapus.
Whats soft and fuzzy and lives in a hole	Belly button lint.
What do the Welsh like to do in their private time	Oh, sorry guys. It would've been a baaaaaa-d joke.
What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable	The wheelchair
What do you call a former lacrosse player	Ex Lax.
Q: What do you call a bench full of white people	A: The MLB.
What the best thing about pedophiles	They always drive slowly near schools
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs middle finger
What do you call an ass on steroids	Assteroid.
What's the difference between a jew and a boy-scout	Boy-scout comes back from the camp
What does Wolverine and Caitlin Jenner have in common	They're both X-Men.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they were both stuck-up cunts.
What did my Dominican girlfriend say when she saw me at the pet store	Ay puppi.
What is Iron Man when he removes his suit	Stark naked.
what do you call a fake noodle	an impasta
What is the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	One goes **Whack** ""Shit!"" and the other goes ""Shit!"" **Whack**
What's the best way to make your wife angry during sex	Call her and tell her where you are.
What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song	White Christmas.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Dam.
What do Tony Romo and a french whore have in common	They both do a great amount of sucking for four quarters.
what's the difference between a condom and your mother	A condom wasn't on my dick last night
What has two heads and six legs	Nirvana
What do you call an orang-utan which has been in the sun for too long	An OranguTAN!
What do you call research to implicate dictators of other countries for murders by biological warfare	...Foreign sick science.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman - What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	- Snowballs.
What is the difference between ovaries and testicles	There is a vas diference
What actor touches every girl on set	David Cop-a-feel
Q: What do you do with a green ghoul	A: Wait until it ripens.
What kind of dog can turn on your car	Yorkies
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public	a private tooter.
What was the scary guy on Tinder doing	Intimidating others.
What kind of Bees make milk	Boo-bees (say it out loud =D) NOTE: Not original. My uncle heard it on the radio, told it to me, and I shared it with you guys.
What's an empty suit of armor doing on the drivers side of a car	He went out for the knight. OK I'll leave now
what's the difference between a black person and a snow tire	ones a person and the other is a tire.... you racist.
What do Godot and my wife have in common	Both are French.
What do you call a West African cricketer	Ebola
What did one deer say to the other after leaving a gay bar	Dude, I can't believe I just blew a hundred bucks.
What's something you can drive, but also throw	A Fit!!!!!!!!!!
Whats black and hurts when you get it thrown in your face	A Piano.
What are David Cameron's favorite people to have sex with	Cops
What's the difference between jeweler, a cut down tree, and a sea captain	A sea captain watches the seas, while a jeweler sees the watches.
What do you get if you jack off Donald Trump	you could say, I vank a Trump
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What do you call a black guy and an indian guy flying a plane	Pilots.......you racist idiot.
What's brown and sits on a piano bench	Beethoven's final movement.
What's long and stylish and full of cats	The Easter Purrade!
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick up a girls ass
What's the best way to make a girl weak in the knees	Kick em.
what was was the last thing that went through the fly's mind when he hit the windshield	His butt
What is my girlfriend's favorite meal	A dish called: ""I don't know, you choose.
What did Ciderella say when she got to the Ball	*-Gag*-
What's the worst part about being a black Jew	You gotta sit in the back of the oven...
What were the headlines like when the shovel was invented	There's been a ground breaking discovery...
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable	Making the decision to turn off life support.
What did the first stop light say to the second stop light	Don't look I'm changing
What did the grand chess master say to the recovering alcoholic after he beat him in a game of chess	I was 12 steps ahead of you from the beginning!
What name is given to the most chickens	pEGGy
What do you call a made-up orange	Pulp Fiction!
What does a South Carolina cop do when a panda runs away from him	Shoots him 8 times in the black.
What's the difference between Reddit CEO Ellen Pao, and Yoko Ono	.....about 40 years.
What's the difference between a black and a white fairytale	White begins, ""once upon a time,"" black begins, ""y'all motherfuckers ain't gonna believe dis shit!
What kind of amphibian is hired to take your car away	Toad. Thanks, HammerElectionBeans for the edit.
What is brown and bad for teeth	A brick.
What do Jewish pirates wear	YARRRRMULKES.
What's the difference between an apple	A bike because a vest has no sleeves.
What do you call a 7 foot tall Ellen Pao	Pao Ming.
What do you call it when a blond dyes her hair	Artificial Intelligence.
What did the white supremacist say to his friend after watching a plot twist	I did Nazi that coming.
What do you call a dog who got re-elected for mayor	A dog with pawlitical experience.
What's Sad About Lunch in Ethiopia	There is no lunch.
What do you call an Asian who's tolerable some of the time	Occasionally (OK Asian Lee).
What does a Jewish cat say at weddings	Meowzel tov
What do you call a moving company owned by cows	A bunch of moooovers.
What did the fireman say when he noticed his hammer was on fire	This is not a drill.
What do you call a colored man	A Hueman
Q: What walks on four legs in the morning, two at noon & three at night	A: The bloodthirsty shapeshifter who hides among us. Trust no one.
What's the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman can go to a store without robbin'.
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery guy have in common	Both have to smell it, but neither can taste it.
What's the difference between a suicide vest and a feminist	The vest actually does something when it's triggered.
What is JigSaw's favorite genre of music	Trap
What would santa be if he was a farmer	A jolly rancher.
What did the unimpressed wind turbine say	I'm not a fan.
What kind of Bees make milk	Boobies.
What's the difference between a black guy and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What's black yellow and covered in  blackberries	A bramble bee !
What does an Irish terrorist attack and a gambling addiction have in common	Dublin down
What do you call an army of corn	The Musket - ears
What does seven days without exercise make	One weak!
What did the romaine say to the spinach before they started to eat	Lettuce pray.
What's it like to have a social life	Asking for a friend.
What is the difference between a hormone and a enzyme	You can't hear an enzyme.
What kind of bee will not take credit for his contributions	A Humblebee.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bail.
What happens when a magician gets mad	He rips out his hare!
What childhood game are orphans not aloud to play	House.
What's the difference between kinky and perverted	Kinky is using a feather. Perverted is using the whole chicken.
What do you call a dance party in Colorado	Shake 'n Bake.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb	You can unscrew the light bulb.
What color are mirrors	I don't know, let's reflect on this.
what are your hobbies	Mmm... Sam, Bilbo and Frodo.
What is the difference between British and American schoolchildren	British schoolchildren survive hide-and-seek.
What do you call a beach where you go to shoot gorillas and break Islamic law	Haram Bay
What does a vampire drink while on a diet	Blood Light.
Q: What do you get if you cross a lamp with a  violin	A: You get light music.
What's the difference between a onion and a prostitute	I don't cry when I cut prostitutes.
What do you call a heard of masturbating cows	....Beef stroganoff
What did Donald Trump do in Musical theatre	^^^(jazz-hands)
What do you call a watchful potato	A spectater.
What's 6 inches long hard, bent, and in my pants	My iPhone 6
What is Polish roulette	It's similar to Russian roulette, but instead of a revolver it's played with an automatic pistol.
What do you call Santa without toys	A lost Clause
What does an elderly composer use as a walking aide	A Zimmer frame
What has six eyes but cannot see	Three men in a house with dirty dishes in the sink, laundry that needs to be folded and kids that need a bath
What instrument was the predecessor to the tuba	The oneba
What is the difference between Bing Bong and Neil Armstrong	Only one of them made it to the moon.
[Black Humour] What u call a black woman with 7 abortions	Crimefighter
What did the Goat living in Manama say when it starting raining	BAAAHH RAIN!
What makes you special	My extra chromosome.
What lives in the sea and preys on mermaids	Jack The Kipper.
What's the opposite of a mango	Mancome
What do Monica Lewinsky and an Asian political correspondent have in common	All they talk about is the presidential erection
What's the difference between people from Dubai and Abu Dhabi	People from Dubai don't like the flinstones but people from Abu Dhabi Do
What's the difference between a racist joke and a sexist joke	Racist jokes are offensive.
What are ISIS militants using to stuff their Thanksgiving goat	Their dicks!
What happens when you eat too much seafood	You begin to feel a little eel.
What do you get when you roll weed on a dictionary	...High Definition
What is Shrek's most annoying problem	Swamp Ass.
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support over here or people will think we're nuts.
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink	A White Russian.   I'm so sorry.
What kind of money do snowmen use	Iced  lolly.
What do you call the president when he is rolling down a snowy hill	An Obama-nable snowman
What's the difference between your dick and your jokes	Nobody laughs at your jokes.
What do you call a vampire that eats period blood	Count Snatchula
What do you get if you try to cross a mouse with  a skunk	Dirty looks from the mouse !
What did the elephant say to his girlfriend	I love you a ton!
What did one earthquake say to the other	Hey, it's not my fault.
What's E.T. short for	Because he has wee legs
What did one ameoba say to the other ameoba	Go fuck yourself.
What do you call a gorilla in water	Harambait.
What did Black-Della wear	Whatever her Massa chooses.
What's the difference between my ex and the titanic	The titanic only went down on 1000 people.
What's a plumber's least favorite type of shoe	Clogs.
What do you get when you cross a telephone with a pair of pants	Bell-bottoms!
What is a suicide bomber's biggest fear	Dying alone.
What do you call a mammoth who conducts an  orchestra	Tuskanini.
What do you call a security guard who works at Samsung	a Guardian of the Galaxy
What pets think about their owners	A dog: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... He is God. A cat: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... I am God.
What do you call a smart blonde	A mircale
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common	They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
What do you call a camel with three humps	Pregnant.
What do you call a chameleon that doesn't change color	A reptile dysfunction.
What is the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks while he fits and the other one....
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet	Hide and Go Seek Champion, 1973.
What's blue and tacky	Smurf shit
What do you call someone who designs playgrounds	A Park-itect
What do you call a crappy joke on /r/Jokes	sub-standard.
What does having kids bring you that money simply can't buy	Poverty
What do you call a group of nit picky redditors	A headache.
What's the difference between a sick elephant and seven days	One is a weak one and the other one week !
What's the difference between a round piece of plastic and a babies head	I don't use a round piece of plastic as a shift knob.
What has six eyes but can't see	Three blind mice.
What's better than double-fisting a newborn	HADOUKEN!!!
What does a stripper do to her asshole before she goes to work	Puts the help wanted ads by the 12pack in the fridge and begs him for the millionth time to look for a job today.
What do you call a pokemon with a venereal disease	A PENISSAUR!
What's the difference between North Korea amd South Korea	North Koreans have no Seoul. Thought of this very early in the morning waiting to board a plane.
What did the tooth say to the  dentist	Fill 'er up!
What do you call a Jew with heartburn	An acidic Jew.
What do you call red neck foreplay	Bitch get in the truck.
What do you call a Latino whos car got nicked	Carlos-t
What did Adele's chicken say	Hello from the other side...
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can jam my dick in your ass.
What do you call a monster with a wooden head	Edward.
What did the farmer say to the chocolate cow	Get to the back of the meat grinder!
What do you call an election in Syria	A civil war
What is a burp	A fart taking the elevator.
What is white, floats, and says ""Boo""	A ghost boat.
What kind of snake is good at building things	A boa constructor.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	A picture of Jesus only needs *one nail* to hold it up.
What did the wife say as she left her Mexican husband	I'm sorry but I love another Juan.
What does a pedophile and a turtle have in common	They both wanna get there before the hare does.
What is the greatest dilemma for a Jewish mother	She finds out her son is gay, but is dating a doctor.
What video game console can you not be upset while playing	The Nomad
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's arse	A mechanic.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde	After you slap it, a mosquito will stop sucking.
What has four legs and one arm	A pitbull terrier in a childrens' playground
Whats the difference between Australia and a yoghurt	Leave a yoghurt out in the sun for 300 years and it'll develop a culture
What do you get when you sit under a cow	A Pat on the head
What's Iron Man's favorite ride at the carnival	The ferrous wheel.
Whats long, hard, and full of semen	A submarine.
What do performing oral sex on a constipated woman and working for the Mafia have in common	One wrong slip of the tongue and you'll probably wind up in deep shit.
What is on the Pink Panther's to-do list	To-do, to-do, to-do, to-do, to-dooooooo
What comes out of the mating of a donkey and a bunny	the bunny's eyes
What sits in the kitchen and gets smaller and smaller	A baby combing its hair with an apple peeler
What do you call an all black sorority	A minority
What do you call a bunch of killer whales playing musical instruments	An orca-stra.
What do you call someone who's pretending to be from Sicily	Amoxicillin
What do Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis have in common	Hogwarts.
What do we have for dinner	Wookie steak. Is it any good? Well its a little Chewy
What's the difference between an elephant and a bad pupil	One rarely bites and the other barely writes !
What's red, white, and black all over	a newspaper
What would Triple H and Jenna Jameson's adult film be called	The Piledriver: No Holes Barred
What do you call a spouse of 30 years	A stalemate.
What's long, hard and a bit shitty at the end	This joke.
What is your favorite ""My dick is so big.."" joke	Mine is, ""My dick is so big that, at the movie theater, popcorn comes in small, medium, large and my dick.
What do you call an old parallelogram	A parrallelo-gran
What do you call a wandering cave man	A meanderthal.
What's the password to Forest Gumps laptop	1forest1
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	A gun actually does something when it's triggered.
What do you call a blonde standing on her hands	A brunette with bad breath.
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking in a house fire.
What dairy product is the most revered	Swiss cheese, after all it's the holeist!
What kind of story does a rabbit tell	A fluffy tale.
What's the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket	One snatches watches and the other...
What Do You Call A Gay Boxer	Fruit Punch"". I'm sorry.
What happens when you accidently add an extra p to tp	Banned from /r/news
What is a racists favorite Disney film	101 Damn'Asians.
What's the difference between my wife and a balloon	The balloon still takes my breath away.
What Does a Farmer and Dubstep have in common	They both drop beats!
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Melt them down, turn them into a tire, call it a Good/Year.
What's the difference between a surgeon and God	God knows he's not a surgeon.
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a Ferrari	The pricks are on the outside of a hedgehog.
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite Justin Timberlake song	Crimea river
What are the Greeks forced to eat in their hyper-inflated economy	Euros!
What's the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	One will see you later; the other one will see you in a while.
What lives in apples and is an avid reader	A bookworm !
What's the last thing a drummer says in a band	Hey guys, why don't we try one of my songs?
What do you call a metrically inclined elderly assassin	A Killograndma.
What is Michael Bay's favorite phone	Note 7
[party] What exactly does BYOB mean	Bring your own beer"" Bill Nye the Science Guy slowly slides the bacteria sample back in his lab coat
What's the difference between a secret Taliban hideout and an Afghan public school	I don't know, I just fly the drone
What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods	Santa stops after 3 Ho's
What's a riot	Three dyslexics.
What is long and black	The unemployment line.
What does the French chef say to the skeleton	Bony Appetit
What did the Triceratops sit on	Its Tricerabottom.
What did the hamburger name his daughter	Patty
What was Batman's greatest accomplishment	Pulling a Robin out of Bruce Wayne's Dick
What does Jared and a piece of jewelery have in common	They both come in small packages
Whats the difference between boobs and batteries	If they're AA, at least batteries have something positive
What do you call a snake that likes history	A HISSStorian.
What do you get when a cow jumps over a barbed-wire fence	Udder destruction!
What is the hardest part about being a pedophile	fitting in
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot..... you racist bastard.
What does crossing the Niagara on a tightrope and being given a blowjob by a 90-year old have in common	You don't want to look down
What's the difference between me and Santa	Santa only comes down your chimney.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	.....wiped his ass
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until hes 13
What do you call a fat person who judges hippos	Hippo-critical.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves	Rustle.
What did the blonde do when she discovered that most accidents happen within a mile from home	She moved.
What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe	400 Million Dollars.
What do you call Neil DeGrasse Tyson with champagne poured over his chest	An Astro-fizzy-tits.
What's a pirate's favourite letter	You'd think ""R"", but his first love be the ""C"".
What did Schwarzenegger say when deciding which composer to be for Halloween	I'll be Bach.
What job did the farmer give to his learning-disabled child	Herder
what do you call a fat guy telling all his friends that hes gay for the first time	coming out of the pantry! i dunno if this is the kinda stuff you guys like, but i had to share it with someone.
What is another name for the disabled stall in a restroom	A handicrapped zone.
What's white and ten inches long	Nothing.
What is the photographer's favorite car	Ford Focus
What did the DJ say to the jazz musician	Take me to the airport.
What do your cell phone settings and anal bleach have in common	They both change your ring tone!
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland	Well, for one, the flag is a big plus.
What's a catholic's favourite type of car	A convertible.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing. You already told her twice
What do you call somebody after you give them a noogie	A knucklehead.
What stretches more skin or rubber	Skin, because in the bible it says that Moser tied his ass to a tree and walked 20 miles.
What do you call a white athlete who wins a sprint vs black athletes	A racist. :) xxx
What do David Beckham and Ferrero Rocher chocolates have in common	They both come in a posh box
Q: What dinosaur can't stay out in the rain	A: Stegosaur-rust!
What do you have when you have a mother in law buried up to her neck in sand	not enough sand.
What's dark, empty and going no where fast	Your love life.
What is Drake's favorite type of alcohol	Cripple Sec
What was the name of the most famous stripper in Ancient Greece	Socra-tease
What do you call a group of people in charge of renewable energy for a town	A solar panel.
What's the best part about being a meth addict	3 sleeps 'til Christmas
What's big and long that a Polish girl gets on her wedding night	A new last name
What's E.T. short for	His legs are small.
What has four wheels and flies	A garbage truck!
What did a black twin called his brother before they're born	Inmates
What is the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can hear a hormone...
what do you call that sensitive part in a woman's ass which when stimulated arouses her	shitoris
What does a Buddhist order from a hotdogs vendor	One with everything
What do you call a pokemon that's part train	A Pikachoochoo.
What did the sexy Japanese food say	Miso horny
What has shadier inner workings, Reddit or FIFA	Still waiting to hear back from an admin.
What the difference between a police car and a porcupine	With a police car, the pricks are on the inside
What is a doctor's most important quality	Patience!
What does space smell like	Uranus! Thank you, I'm new here :)
What's green, fuzzy, and stinks of pork	Kermit the frog's finger
What did the right pussy lip tell the left pussy lip	We used to be tight
What method does the Australian god use to part the Red Sea	Oz Moses.
What do you call a cow that will go down in history	Legendairy [From my young daughter]
What happened to Frankenstein's monster on  the road	He was stopped for speeding fined $50 and dismantled for six months.
What is a moo hoo for a delightful ranch owner	A charmer farmer!
What do you call a guy with no arms and not legs laying on a porch	Matt
What do you do with a scientist after he dies	Barium
What does a ghost wear when it's raining	boooooooooooooots
What is big, black, and very long	A black hole
What do you call Batman skipping church	Christian Bail.
What do you say if you meet someone from Anonymous in an S&amp;M club	Troll in the dungeon!
What's a pilots favourite artist	David Boeing.
What do you call a dog with brass balls and no hind legs	Sparky.
What did the girl sea say when the boy sea asked her for a date	Shore.
What is red and smells like blue Froot Loops	The murder-suicide scene at Toucan Sam's Miami penthouse.
What's a pirate's favorite fast food restaurant	ARRRby's
What is blue, green, red, yellow, purple, orange, black, brown, and gray	A box of crayons.
What do you call a pessimistic cupcake	A Little Debbie downer.
what do you call a snake that studies past events	a *HISS*torian
What's the difference between a homeless and a  pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What's the difference between you and mallard with a cold	One's a sick dick, and I can't remember how it ends, but your mother is a whore. -SNL reruns-
What's a rabbits' favourite car	Any make just as long it's a hutchback!
what did the trash can say to the paper recycling bin	'you're just white trash'
What do you call a fish with no eyes	FSH!
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	...a pizza doesn't scream in the oven. Note: (freedom of expression)
What does a white man never want to call a black man that starts with ""N"" and ends with ""R""	Neighbor"" ~ thanks bugz
What's the difference between Windows 95 and a virus	A virus does something.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*gagging noises
What did the slaughterhouse foreman say when he found out his best butcher had his heart, lungs and kidneys ripped out in a cutter accident	That's offal
[NSFW] What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut fucks everybody, a bitch fucks everybody but me.
Whats the only fruit that can't run away to get married	? A Cantaloupe.
What's the difference between a blowjob and anal sex	One makes your day and the other makes your hole weak.
What's the Difference Between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates	Bill Gates never got a Mac, but Steve Jobs got PC.
What's the difference between a Russian bot and a sincere Trump supporter	One of them actually exists and the other *ees teepeecal Amyerikyan pyatriot*.
What do you call it when you drown a baby in soda	Infantacide
What did the poor ghetto dweller get for Christmas	Your bicycle.
What did the policeman say when he was told about the large pothole	I'll look into it.
What do you call a girl on her period	Call her next week.
What's your New Year's resolution	Mines is still 1920x1080, unfortunately.
What is a priest's favorite snack	Little boysenberries.
What's the best thing about fucking a 10 year old girl	Flipping her over and pretending she's a 10 year old boy.
What's the difference between Obama and Osama	O(b-s)ma^2
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon... Michael Jackson fucks little boys
What do you get if you cross a labrador and a tortoise	A dog that will run to the shop to get your paper and bring back last weeks paper !
What's the most annoying thing about trying to remove the panties off a girl when having sex	The screaming and the fighting
What do you call a wookie in concentration camp	Jewbacca
What do you call an honest man in the Oval Office	Lost
Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells	Pregnant.
What kind of cake does a baseball player prefer	A bundt cake!
Q: What's the difference between a horse  and the weather	A: One is reined up and the other rains down.
What do you call eight rabbits walking backwards together	A receding hare-line.
What did the cannibal get when he was late to dinner	The cold shoulder
What are goosebumps used for	To keep geese from speeding!
What type of drugs do ducks use	What type of drugs to ducks use? Quack cocaine.
What days are strong days	Saturday and Sunday, because the rest are weak days.
What do you call a black man with a gun	You call him ""sir"".
What does Damn Daniel and pedophiles have in common	They're both back at it with the white vans.
What do you call it when a psychic midget escapes from prison	A small medium at large.
What did the Spannish Amoeba said to the other Amoebas	Hola Amoebas!
What are the two most important holes on a woman	The Nostrils. So she can breathe while giving me a blow job. *My 10 year old brother told me this today
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic	A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
What is the best thing about dating a homeless girl	You can drop her off anywhere.
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese.
What is 6"" long and not getting sucked this Valentine's day	Whitney Houston's crack pipe
What do you need when you're constipated in math class	Squeeze Theorem
What is it called when Anakin licks Padme's Butt	An outer-rim job
What is this compound	Chemistry teacher drew this during class. http://imgur.com/fQyNg Don't know how to type spoilers, but maybe rot13 will do. Vg'f n cnenqbk.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean...	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my chest.
What do a pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common	They can both smell it but they can't eat it.
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brunette	Artificial intelligence *edit: I kinda thought it was funny, and* poof *it has 3000 upvotes. Thanks for the motivation*
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug dealer	A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.
What kind of jokes does a priest tell	Dad jokes
What makes the scarecrow so good at his job	He's outstanding in his field
What does a man with no honey do	He cantaloupe.
What do i have in Common with neutrinos	We're both constantly penetrating your Mom.
What does a gay guy call a sausage fest	Feeding Frenzy.
What's the difference... What's the difference between a bowling ball and menstrual blood clots	You can't gargle a bowling ball.
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese
What do you get if you take off the red dot on the Japanese flag	The French flag!
What's the difference between a rectal thermometer and an oral thermometer	The taste!
What's so good about having sex with 28 year olds	You get to do it 20 times because all of the reposts.
What's the worst part about Tupac's new sitcom	The Holocaust. (pun, hologram deal)
What happens when a clown farts	It smells funny. --As told to me by an Engineering lead... Much facepalm ensued.
What is a Muslim womans favorite amendment	The second (right to bare arms)
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	- ""Breathe, stupid!
What do you call a musician's best friend	A drummer...
What did the blind man say to the blind man	Long time no see.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotopuss
What do you call it when you shoot 49 hot loads in people at a gay bar	An Orlando ~~black~~ *white* sheet party...
What's the programmer's favorite drug	A line of code.
What's comforting and scary at the same time	A warm toilet seat.
What does the sun and cleavage have in common	You can look at both for a second, but if want to stare you need to wear sunglasses.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think R but it's the C he loves!
What does a bee say before it stings you	This is going to hurt me a lot more than it hurts you !
What's the difference between an Hawaiin and a Muslim	One always offer a snack bar after saying hello
What did the NSA agent say when the blizzard hit	Looks like we're snowed in.
What did the kidney say to the other kidney when it failed	Urine trouble now.
What's Medusa's favorite type of cheese	*Gorgon*zola
What would you get if you crossed a vampire with a dwarf	A creature that sucks blood from your knees.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your cock into your girlfriend's ass.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotopus.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist	A lip reader
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a dead hooker	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage
Q: What's the difference between a violist and a dressmaker	A: A dressmaker tucks up frills.
What do you call a Jamaican cooking competition	A jerkoff
What's the slogan of Jewish proselytizers	Yahweh or the highway.
What did the newly paroled French prisoner name his restaurant	Attempted Crepe
what happens when the world stops existing,when all the stars and planets don't exist anymore	Half life 3 will go into early development.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a computer	You only have to punch the information into a computer once.
What's the difference between garbanzo beans and chickpeas	I've never paid $200 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
What is a support group for lesbian mathematicians called	Number Munchers!
What game did the dentist play when she was a child	...Caps and robbers
What is it about half men - half horses	They always have to be centaur of attention.
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy	A Cameron Diaz
What are eukaryotes' least favorite subject in school	Algaebra...
What does a gang say on December 25th	Merry Crips-mas
What is the singular form of binoculars	telescope
What do a Chinese tourist who got run over by a bus and a lobster have in common	They're both crushed-asians
What do you get when you cross a hippo, an elephant, and a rhino	A helephino. (Hellifiknow)
What is Bill and Ted's favorite book of the bible	Duderonomy! They also like Leviticus.
What did Douglas Adams say after he finished writing the first chapter of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	Ah, I've finally put a dent in that book.
What starts with ""F"" and ends with ""uck""	Fuck.
What does Matthew McConnaughey call Nazis when he's trying to bring them into the mainstream	Alt-right, alt-right, alt-right
What do gyms and prisons have in common	They're both full of ripped assholes.
What is the best place to hide a dead body	On the second page of google.
What's a pirates favorite place to eat	Arrrrrrrrrbyyyyssss
What superhero consists of only 16 atoms	Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAN!!
Q: What is Iraq's national bird	A: Duck.
Whats the best part about dating a black girl	You rarely have to meet their dad.
What do you call the game that centres around weak leadership	Reddit.
What will they ask Jared of Subway in the prison shower	'Do you want a 6 or a 12 inch one?' I heard this joke on Bill Burr's podcast.
What do you call a naked old man crawling out of a coal mine	50 shades of grey's anatomy
What is the witches motto	We came we saw we conjured !
What do you call a french gayman	A faguette.
What is Rhiannas favorite type of cheese	mozzarella-ella-ella
What does a programmer do in the toilet	A log dump!
What do you call a voucher for complimentary Chipotle	free coli
What type of sense of humor does rain have	-A very wet sense of humor
What kind of car does depressed Daniel drive	Sad Dan
What do you call a midget in a Mental Asylum	I don't really know, but it sounds a little crazy
What is the difference between a brothel and a circus	One is an array of cunning stunts!
What do near-sighted gynecologists and little puppies have in common	A wet nose
What does a clever sentry on guard duty say when he wakes up to see his commanding officer standing over him	Amen
What is ET short for	Because he has short legs
What do you get if you cross a dead Israeli leader with a New Age diet nut	Menachem Vegan
What is a pirate's favorite fast food restaurant	Long John Silvers.
What do you call a toilet seat that's missing the left side	Half-assed. (please forgive me, first time)
What did the one tampon say to the other tampon	nothing, theyre both stuck up cunts edit: special thanks to justinjoytheride
What do you call a black person with a PHD	A Doctor you racist!
Q: What did the Production Manager give his kids for Christmas	A: Nothing. But he promised he'd make it up to them on the next one.
What's Chris Brown's favourite game	Mortal Kombat Ex
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hare-line.
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What did the hipster say when a starbucks opened in his neighborhood	You can't gentrify this place! I just moved here!
What's a moo hoo for a cattle dinner	Cow chow!
What do you call a girl who expects a guy to do everything for her, make all the first moves, and text her first every day	SINGLE.
What do you have when there's balls on your chest	Chestnuts What do you have when there's balls on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with large tits	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean
What kind of bees give milk	Boo-bees.
What is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a dollar twenty five, deer nuts are under a buck
What do you call a pedophile musician	A kiddy-fiddler
What sound does a Hispanic pacman make	Guac-a Guac-a!
What jedi is the best at opening PDF files	Adobe Wan Kenobi
What do you call a woman who pleasures herself with a vegetable	Mrs Hawking.
What do you call an Asian lady with one leg longer than the other	? Irene
What do you call a scouser in a suit	The defendant.
What did the man with leprosy say to the hooker after he paid her	You can keep the tip.
What is a witch's favourite TV show	Lifestyles of the Witch and Famous!
What do you do when you love a hotel	You Mariott
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter your dick into someones ass
What do you call an Egyption's butt muscle	A sphinxster
What did the circus owner say to the human-cannonball when the he wanted to retire	How will I ever find another performer of your caliber? (Source: a dad on thanksgiving)
What do you call a dentist in the army	A drill sergeant !
What's the difference between a light bulb and a pregnant woman	You can unscrew a light bulb!
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster chef and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits.
What do a pedophile and a Pokemon master have in common	They both have a collection of CP
What do you get when you shove an iPhone into a blender	Apple Sauce
What do you call a group of Spaniards in quicksand	Bean dip
What do you call a preacher with an erection	A firm believer
What do dolphins use to stay clean	All-porpoise cleaner.
What's the last thing someone wants to hear while blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What do you call a German with no good inside	Guten free.
What do you get when you cross a onion and a donkey	A piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye
What did Thin Lizzie do with his iPhone	Jailbreak
What did the Hawaiian Jihadist say	Aloha Akbar.
What do your mom and a camel have in common	They both spit.
What's smarter than a dog, but dumber than a cat	Their owner.
What's another name for someone who makes prosthetics	A body builder
What do tigers wear in bed	Stripey pyjamas !
What's small and green and smells like pork	Kermit's Finger.
What did the werewolf eat after he'd had his teeth taken out	The dentist.
What do you get when a clown dies in a desert	Dry Humour.
[Elephant at a party] Nice piano! [me] thanks [Elephant] What are the keys made of	[Me] Uhh.. [Rhino appears behind me] Tell him Kyle
What do Bill Gates and the Pope have in common	They've both put their faith in the cloud.
What has eight legs and an IQ of forty	Four guys watching a baseball game.
What vegetable likes to party	A turn-up
What do they call helium, neon, argon,krypton on the REALLY COLD planet	Noble rocks
What was Beethoven's favorite food	BA-NA-NA-NAAA!!!!! (to the tune of Beethoven's 5th symphony)
What flies through the jungle singing opera	The parrots of Penzance !
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a newspaper bag	One is made of plastic and poses a suffocation hazard to small children. The other one contains newspapers.
What do you call two lesbians in a canoe	Fur traders.
What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth	The slow swimmer
What is a flea's favourite book	The itch-hikers guide to the galaxy !
What do you call someone who never farts in public	A PRIVATE TUTOR
Q: What is 74 to a blonde	A: 69 plus VAT
What do spiders eat in France	French flys
What do chefs do when they are cooking in an emergency	They take drastic measures.
What do you call a rock climbing cow	A high steak situation
Whats the hardest thing about walking through a field of dead babies	My dick.
What is DJ Khaled's Favorite Number	11 because it has another one
Q: What do you call a woman who marries an old  ugly and poor man	A: Stupid!
What did Dave Grohl say when he accidentally dropped his sandwich	There goes my hero
What's the difference between a spitter and a swallower	10 lbs of pressure on the back of the head.
What is a grasshopper	An insect on a pogo stick.
Whats a pirates favourite letter	?? Youd think itd be rrrrr but tis the sea.
What did the website say to the Google bot after their breakup	I knew you'd come crawling back to me someday.
What is the farmers favorite way to greet someone	Hay!
Q: What happens when two oxen bump into each other	A: You have an oxident.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	Pilot. You racist fuck.
What did the motivational speaker say to the duct	You conduit!
What do you call a Zen master from eastern Europe who's been bugging you all day	A Buddha Pest.
What did the candle say when he was down on his luck	I'm at wick's end.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	ISIS. Definitely ISIS.
What is long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night	A new last name.
What's your favorite game if you wear a turban	Hide-and-Sikh
Q: What do ghosts like to chew	A: Boobble gum.
What does the emperor have when he goes for a sunday drive	he has Divine Right of way
What's a gay couples least favorite fruit	Cantaloupe.
What do you call a well-endowed member of Hitler's master race	Hungaryan.
What do you call a group of kids	..... a migraine
What's the difference between a lesbian and a straight girl	Four drinks.
What do you call a Mexican with small muscles	No whey Jose.
What's the difference between one yard and two yards	A fence.
What can a whole apple do that half an apple  can't do	It can look round.
What did the Easter egg say to the boiling water	Its gonna take a while to get me hard, I just got laid by some chick.
What do you call a social networking site for women who love to masturbate	cunterest
What's the difference between a mongoloid fuck and a fuck	Genghis kahn
Whats the difference between fridge and a 14 year old boy	The Fridge dosen't cry when you put the meat in
[OC]What do you call a shrunken walrus	A smallrus.
What do you call a row of rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hare-line!
What birds spend all their time on their knees	Birds of prey !
What's the difference between CrossFit and a cult	A torn ACL
Whats better than winning a medal at the paralympics	A pair of legs.
What's my type	Someone who is supportive. Someone who is warm. Someone I can just curl up and relax with. Wait I'm describing my bed again.
Q: What do you call a blonde with a dollar on the top of their head	A: All you can eat under a buck.
What do you call a gang of penguins	A ganguin
What did God say after creating man	I must be able to do better than that.
What is the most common owl in England	Tea-towl
What does Santa listen to while delivering presents	sleigh-er
What is the most painful Russian dance	Tchaikovsky's *The Nutcracker*.
What do you call a bird that believes in the change in the basic assumptions, or paradigms, within the ruling theory of science	A *parrot*-digm shift.
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with cardboard	Pillow fight.
What do you call a star-spangled pubic wig	A'merkin
What has four wheels and flies	A rubbish bin !
What did the man who ate a clock say	That was time consuming but I still want seconds.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they were both stuck-up bitches
What do you call an arabian cop	Sher-if
What is a pirate's favorite letter	R?"" ""Aye, ye would think so but 'tis the C he loves!
What is green and if you press a button its red	A frog in a mixer.
What do you call it when a stripper works for free	Pro Boner.
What do you call a persnickety con artist walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What do you call a stupid, yellow cow	A Moo-tarde !
What does Shrek say when he wins a game of chess	Shrekmate.
What does a woman do with her asshole when she's having sex	She sends him out to play golf.
What's the difference between a little kid and a lesbian	A little kid shouldn't run with scissors, a lesbian shouldn't scissor with the runs.
What do you call a rare Egyptian King	King Nottocommon
What should a teacher take if he's run down	The number of the car that hit him.
What do you call a train that has a tobacco addiction	A chew-chew train.
What does the aardvark take sailing	An aard ark!
What do you call a boring taco	Aburrido.
What's the difference between Paul walker and my PC	I give a shit when my PC crashes.
Q: What weapon is most feared by knights	A: A can opener.
What do you call a blonde with half a brain	Gifted!
What's the difference between a black man and batman	Batman can go a day without robin.
What options does an abortionist have to get ashore	Row vs. Wade
What kind of wine do bears drink	Maulbec
What does a little sister ride	A Nissan.
What replaces Steam, the gaming platform, in China	Pollution.
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing. You told her twice already...
What's faster than a black guy running with a stolen T.V.	His brother with the DVR
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Sport	*Deportes*
What kind of wig can hear	An earwig !
What's green and yellow and eats nuts	Gonnorhea
What do you call a fly when it retires	A flew. BUH DUM TSS! No? Alright.. I'll see myself out.
What's the best part about living in a black family	You never have to hear a dad joke. Edit. Just thought of this at work one day hope it's not a repost
What do you call a female mushroom who happens to be a killjoy	antifungal
What did one sandstorm at a nude beach say to the other	Haboob
What is Minecraft	It's Hitler's lesser known second book about his love of knitting. Officially the title is Mein Kraft but, the kids like this spelling more.
What is a dog's favourite sport	Formula 1 drooling !
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse, Janice Joplin, Jim Morrison, and a bottle of scotch	(OC) A bottle of scotch can keep beyond 27 years.
What do you get if you combine your mom and a giraffe	A fat giraffe
Q: What kind of bees produce milk	A: Boobies
What's the difference between an Art major and a guy who mops bathrooms at KFC	One has a job.
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall	Dam!
What's the difference between Jesus and a framed picture of Jesus	You only need one nail for the frame
What can an Elephant make that no other animal can make	Baby elephants.
What did the Pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye Matey
What did the fat pig say when the farmer  dumped corn mash into the trough	I'm afraid that's all going to waist.
What could have been the most stuppidest result of Napolleonic wars if France won	Tsar Napoleon.
What's sadder than a dying puppy	A black child on father's day
What's the difference between a baby and an ounce of Coke	Eric Clapton would never drop an ounce of Coke out of a window
What's the best part about sex with a 5 year old	Watching them break down on the witness stand.
What's the difference between Ann Coulter and shooting arrows at lovers	Shooting arrows at lovers is a Cupid stunt.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	The taste. I always use this joke when going to Dr's, or any medical situation. It never fails to get a great laugh.
What's the biggest similarity between a bottle of Draino and a Danish stripper	They both slowly remove clogs. ^^They're ^^also ^^both ^^in ^^a ^^barrel ^^in ^^my ^^garage.
What did little Jonny have to say on the topic of meteorites	No comet.
What did Matthew McConaughey say when he saw this year's Oscar nominees	All white, all white, all whiiiiiiiite...
What do you throw on stage at a mouse strip club	Kraft Singles.
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bike	*Attire.*
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early	Christian Bail Credit goes to my friendly local pizza guy
What did Anakin order from the Italian bakery	Only one cannoli.
Q: What's the ultimate embarrassment for a blonde	A: When her ben-wa balls set off the airport metal detector.
What do you call gay paraplegics	Fruits and vegetables!
What does a pregnant teenager and her baby have in common	They both thought ""my Mom's gonna kill me.
What happens when a role playing game has no nudity in it	Ubisoft
Q: What kind of socks do you find in your backyard	A: Garden hose.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A Megasoreass
What does a sperm and a politician have in common	They both have a one in 100 million chance of being human.
What do you do with a green monster	Put it in the sun until it ripens!
What did the deaf, dumb, blind, amputee kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What is the vampire's favorite slogan	Please Give Blood Generously.
What killed the Imgur front page	The Grim Reappost
What's the best way for a lady to read 50 Shades of Grey	To flick through it as fast as possible.
What's large, grey and doesn't matter	An irrelephant.
What is a cannibal's favorite type of gum	Chick clits.
What do a hand rolled cigarette and hippy sex have in common	[This](http://i.imgur.com/KRuRgF9.gif)
What do you call an older man who goes after young boys	Nittany Lions
What do you call a man with no arms	Anything you want. He is 'armless
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and hitler	Hitler at least helped his people.
What do they say about Podiatrists	It's a really big feet to become one. ^Hehehehehe
What did one empty beer bottle say to the other	I'm drunk.
What is the difference between a baby and a alarm clock	You only have to hit the alarm clock once to make it be quiet...
What do you call it when a king rips a fart	.. Air to the throne.
whats worse than finding a worm in your apple	The Holocaust
What does PETA stand for	People Eating Tasty Animals
What happens if I put a vial in another vial and then in another vial	It doesn't matter.
What's blue and not very heavy	Light blue.
What happens when a cow jumps over a barbed wire fence	Udder destruction.
What's the unluckiest kind of cat to have	A catastrophe !
What do you call a cow with no legs	A veterinarian
What would you call The Flintstones if they were black	Niggers.
What do you call an orgy with six paraplegics	A threesome.
What's the difference between Hillary and Eva Braun	One achieved fame and significance solely because she was married to a charismatic politician. The other was Hilter's wife.
What do a sperm and a lawyer have in common	They each have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human being.
What did Obama say when he proposed to Michelle	I don't wanna be Obama self
What's a hard drive's favorite band	Data Remember
What do you get if you cross a trumpet and a  serpent	A snake in the brass !
What's the difference between a black guy and a pile of dog shit	? eventually the dog shit turns white and stops stinking.
What was the musician doing when he was struck by lightning	He was conducting.
What do you call a person who never passes gas in public	A *private tutor*
What kind of dog sounds like you can eat it	A sausage dog !
What does the train use to fuel it's gaming addiction	Steam. I'm so sorry.
What do you call an angry Russian	Pissdov
What sentence did the man who took 2 minutes to turn around get	Man*slowturn*.
What did the buddhist monk say when he was asked if he was leaving	Na 'ma stay. (namaste) Grandfather joke at Easter dinner last sunday. Sorry.
What doesn't belong in this list : Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob	A. Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.
What grows when you plant a pumpkin spice latte and water it with vodka	A sorority.
What did the made-to-order breakfast dish say to Taylor Swift at the Grammys	Omelette you finish.
What did the curtain rod say to the blinds	Nice shades. (sorry)
What's the difference in a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	Ones a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.
What do you call a depressed clementine on a late night walk	A meanderin' orange.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bale!
What did Carmen's mom say when Carmen dropped her waffle in the sandbox	Where in the world is Carmen's sandy Eggo?
What is the difference between a pedophile and a sexually active wife of a cop	One wants to cop a feel and the other wants to feel a cop.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bale.
Q: What is a conservative	A: A liberal who's been mugged.
What looks like half a sandwich	The other half.
What is the difference between Elliot Rodgers and Malaysia Airlines	Malaysia Airlines only has been shot down once.
What are women good for!	Something to lie on while you have sex!
What kind of newspaper do cows read	The Moo York Times
What do you call a Halal pie	Allah mode.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bales
What did the 5 dollar bill day to the 1 dollar bill	Atleast I'm not single
What did the Atlantic say to the Pacific	Nothing. It just waved.
What musical instrument can be found in nearly every Bathroom	... ... A tuba toothpaste.
What is robin going to get for Christmas	An oviposition set
What's the best dating service in India	Connect the dots. (I'll see my self out.)
What is a mexicans favourite tv show	Spicks and specks. (google it)
What did Sonic the Hedgehog say 24 hours before he got a blood test	Gotta go fast.
What's the difference between men and women	Women play hard to get. Men get hard to play.
What's the funniest joke you've heard that can be told to a 5th grader	I always loved this one: (works better said out loud of course) What do you call a fish with no eyes? ... A FSHHH
What's the difference between the Devil and Ted Cruz	The Devil has standards.
What does every ""Tickle Me Elmo"" get before they leave the factory	Two test tickles
What happened when the butcher backed into his meat grinder	He got a little behind in his work.
Whats Jesus's favorite gun	A nail gun
What does a Disneyland ride and Viagra have in common	You have to wait one hour for a 3 minute ride.
What do you call a person who knows 3 languages	Trilingual. What do you call a person who knows 2 languages? Bilingual. What do you call a person who knows only one language? American.
What did the Gorilla call his first  wife	His prime-mate!
Whats Black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee, ya racist.
What do Bill Clinton and Dick Cheney have in common	Both shot someone in the face while in office.
What Happens When You Cross A Programmer And A Musician	An Algo-rhythm.
What happened to the guy who ingested lead	It wasn't the lead that killed him, but rather the element of surprise.
What type of dinosaurs roamed the Mediterranean before the asteroid hit	Falafel Raptors. (sorry)
What's Red and smells like Blue paint	Red paint.
What does a single, gay person watch at christmas	Homo alone!
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans can't milk the cow for 14 years.
What's black and white and red all over	An emo kid with a razor.
What pill would you give to an elephant that  can't sleep	Trunkquilizers !
What's the difference between reddit and resturant	Restaurants have better servers.
What snooker and women have in common	When pink is blocked by red, you hit the brown.
What do we want	FLEXIBLE WORK SCHEDULES THAT ACCOMMODATE FAMILY LIFE! When do we want it? [Unintelligible yelling of different dates]
What do they call number 17 in black jack	The stepmother, because sometimes you want to hit her, even though you shouldn't
What's a teddy bears favourite pasta	Tagliateddy !
What do you call a person who keeps falling over	Tripical
Q: What is the smartest thing that can come out of a blonde's mouth	A: Einstein's dick.
What's the opposite of Adele	Amac or BB-Mac (you pick which one's funnier)
What did Marvin Gaye's dad say to him on his birthday	Son, if this is another tie, I'm gonna kill you.
What has 32 teeth and holds back a monster	My zipper.
What does the Lego man do for fun	He throws a block party.
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip	Girl, we used to be so tight until we let some dick come between us.
What do you call children that are born into a Whorehouse	Brothel Sprouts
Q: What do electric trains and breasts have in common	A: They're intended for children but it's the men who usually end up playing with them.
What sound does a cheating chicken	Cuck.
What have women and condoms got in common	If they're not on your dick they're in your wallet.
What happened to the blind circumsizer	He got the sack.
What do Ken Jennings and OJ Simpson have in common	they both killed at double jeopardy!
What do you call a blonde with two brain  cells	Pregnant!
What's it called if women in heaven still menstruate	A grace period.
What do you call an ill-tempered German	A sour kraut.
What do you call a large predatory bird with poor social skills	Hawkward
What nickname did the police give to the new blonde woman police officer	A fair cop.
What happened when the frogs car broke down	It got toad
What do you call a dog with no hind legs	Dragon balls.
What does Hulk say when he poops	IBM!
What's the difference between tulips and roses	roses hurt when your dick is between them.
What do you call a sad cancer patient	Chemo-sobby (kemosabe)
What is a runner's favourite subject in school	Jog-raphy!
What's faster than light	Darkness, my old friend.
What was INXS Singer Michael Hutchence's favorite vegetable	The autochoke.
What fish do road-menders use	Pneumatic krill !
What profession did the parrot get into when it  swallowed the clock	Politics
What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper	Getting fingered by Captain Hook.
What do you do if your computer hums	Tell it to change its socsks!
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a dollar fifty. Deer nuts are always under a buck... I'll see myself out now.
What do you get when you put the entire South Carolina cheerleading team in one room	A full set of teeth.
What's big, Scottish and depressing	Scotland
What do you call your disabled study-buddy	Your cerebral pal-sy.
What did little Paul Bunyan say when his mom asked him how he damaged his favorite toy	It was an ax-I-dent.
What's the difference between a hockey player and a French woman	Hockey players shower after three periods.
What did one cow say to the other	Hey moo!
What kinda pet would John Wayne get	... He'd get a long little doggie.
What do you get if you cross a student and an  alien	Something from another universe -ity !
What do you call a fish without eyes	A FSSSSSHHHH
What do you call a midget psychic that escaped from jail	A Small Medium at Large
What do you call someone who likes to dress up like Jesus	A cross-dresser.
What's the different between England and a tea bag	A tea bag last longer in the cup
What was the former name of captain Hook	Captain Hand
What did the man quietly say to himself after farting in a crowded elevator	Thanks a lot, asshole.
What's the difference between a dog and a fox	About 20 beers!!
What does a girl have in common with a camel	They both have a camel toe.
What do you call a Jedi knight who delivers babies	Obi-Gyn Kenobi.
What do you call a Mexican whose lost his car	Carlos
What do you call an illegal immigrant and a pedophile fighting	Alien Vs Predator
What do you call a stubborn Egyptian	In denile
What's the best way to wrap up 2016	Debbie Reynolds Wrap.
Whats the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents that you are gay.
What's your favorite song	-Me, to a baby wearing a Metallica shirt at the grocery store.
What has four legs and one arm	An attack dog in an elementary school.
Q: What are the best ten years of an  Irishman's life	A: Third grade.
What did the throwing star say when I asked her if she could hit her target	Of course, I'm shuriken.
What's the difference between anal sex and an oven	The oven doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What was the slogan for the cross-dresser's party	Eat, drink, and be Mary.
What did the pirate say with a steering wheel down his pants	YARRR, IT'S DRIVIN' ME NUTS!!!
What did the scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of Helium	HeHe
What do you call a Chinese millionare	Ching-Ching.
Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a jar of peanut butter	A: An elephant that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What's the Italian version of Preparation-H	Innuend-O
What did Noah do while spending time on the ark	Fished but he didn't catch much. He only had two worms !
What do you call a balloon animal made out of a condom	A Trojan horse.
What's the square root of 69	Ate something.
What do you call it when plants bang	Floral sex.
What do you call it when a dj gets a blowjob while he's on the air	Radiohead.
What do you call porn with thailandese chickens	Hentai. (Hen Thai)
What do you call a lump of coal and a diamond hanging out together	Carbon Dating.
What did the pizza man say to Jay Garrick	Hi, I'm Jay Garrick.
What starts with e, ends with e, and only contains one letter	an Envelope EDIT: My deepest Canadian apologies to those who are calling this a riddle. I always took it as a cheesy joke
What kind of watch does Germs Bond wear	An Amoeba.
What is the most popular brand of Indian vodka	Patel One.
What is Trump's favorite book	50 Shades of Grey: the story of a billionaire dominating and fucking a dumb American.
What's the difference between LSD and LDS (Latter Day Saints)	one you take with a sugar cube, the other with a grain of salt :P
What are Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Theresa May doing in a room together	...playing bridge.
What happened to the horse that ate a duracell battery	He went on furlong-er.
What do you get when you cross Batman with Mountain Dew	Dew diligance
What did the spider say to the bee	Your honey or your life !
What did the scientist who got attacked by sodium chloride say	That's a salt!
What did the Italian bloodsucker say on his first date	I'm no Cassa Nova, but I've been called a Roman tic.
What's a catalyst	It's how a farmer keeps track of his cows.
What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter	Harry Potter escapes the chamber
What candy do you give your wife before you get married	Pre-nup brittle.
What does Saddam Hussein and little Miss Moffat have in common	They both had curds/Kurds in their whey/way!
What do both Hitler and Trump say to people they hate	YOU'RE FIRED!
What happened to the chicken whose feathers were all pointing the wrong way	She was tickled to death !
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin get in the Bat mobile.
What does NASCAR really stand for	Non Athletic Sport Centered Around Rednecks
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support quick or people are going to think we're nuts.
What type of clothing does a House wear	Address.
What's the difference between an elephant and a gooseberry	A gooseberry is green !
What do you call a redneck virgin	A 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers
What denomination are the coins in Super Mario Bros	They're dollar coins, because a quarter is two bits, which means a dollar is 8 bits.
What do you call a gay Russian	erosexual
Q: What is the difference between Windows 95  and Windows 98	A: 3 years
What's the second to last thing the redneck said before he died	Shit, I can do that.. What about the last thing? Look, I'm doing it!!!
Q: What do you get when you cross a Wurlitzer and a photocopier	A: A reproductive organ.
What did Santa Clause give all the naughty boys and girls for Christmas this year	He made them Batman.
What did the utahraptor say as Wonder Woman tried to beat him up	Di, no!
What does Axl Rose do before he prays	Gets down on his SHA-NA-NA-NA-NA-KNEES!? KNEES!
What do cows like on their hotdogs	MOOstard.
What is the best way to hunt bear	With your clothes off.
What's the difference between a troll and a goblin	I never come home to find my wife troll up some guys nuts!
What do you call an Extraterrestrial from Melbourne	An Australien.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	a canoe tips.
What's the difference between eating pussy and smoking a cigarette	The taste changes the closer you get to the butt. *what do they have in common. soz about that
What did the Hebrew's call it when they stopped receiving mana every morning	mana-pause
What did the penis say to the asshole in the morning	This bowl ain't big enough for the both of us.
What is the difference between light and hard	Well, you can sleep with a light on.
What's the best thing about being black	Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.
What's the difference between Hillary's staff and Bill's staff	Bill's staff waited until after the election to suck.
What's a reindeer's favourite celebrity	Beyonsleigh
What is the difference between a dead hooker and spare tire	I only have one spare tire in my trunk!
What do you say to a virgin when she sneezes	Goes-in-tight!
What did God say to the cheese that sinned	Gouda Hell.
What's the difference between Jacob Sartorious and Hitler	Hitler knows when to kill himself.
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist	One looks up the family tree and the other looks up the family bush.
What does an aardvark use when he has a cold	An ant-ihistamine!
What do you call a disappointing white wine	Prosecc-oh...
What If When You Die They Ask You ""How Was Heaven	
Whats the difference between puberty and prostitution	One is caused by hormones and one causes whore moans
What do male Jews say when they see an attractive female	Challah at your boy
What do you need to teach a blonde who never had an accident in 20 years	Second gear.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One's a bit heavy, the others a little lighter.
What's great about Trumps' little hands	Objects may appear larger when being held.
What do you call a high person with Downs Syndrome	A baked potato.
What do you call a cow with a missing leg	Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef.
What is a good opening bridge bid for the Presidential Election	One no-Trump. Literally a Dad joke. From my literal Dad.
What did the jews not like about the Holocaust	The caust
What did the little black kid get on his SAT's	Barbecue sauce.
What do you call an Indian and an Asian's baby	A Curryean --- I know Indians are Asian, I felt that stating Korean earlier in the joke would make it worse...worser.
What do you call a prostitute that has been kidnapped	A whorestage
What is a pirate's favorite TV show	EEEEEE-YARRRRRRRR
What do you call an empty field	The french army at the beginning of a war!
What's gray and comes in quarts	An elephant
What's your favorite thing about earth	It's just got such a great atmosphere.
What does a gang member do when he arrives at work first thing in the morning	He Glocks in
What do you call a golf club in the rear of your car	A backseat driver
What's the difference between OP and eggs	Eggs actually get laid.
What's a feminist favorite ship	A CENSORSHIP
What does R. Kelly have in common with Malaysian Airlines	They both think they can fly.
What did the match box say to the match	You're fired!
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I'm not going to jelly my dick down your throat!
What is the hardest part of watching an orphanage burn down	My dick.
what did the horny man say to his girlfriend	let's have sex
What did the atheist fisherman say when asked about his catch	There is no cod
What happened to the religious idol when it was put up at auction	It was sold to the highest Buddha.
What's similar between an old lady's vagina and an apple pie	You've got to bite through the crust to get to the cream inside Happy Valentine's day everyone ;)
What do you say to a black guy with a job	Keep at it, inmate!
What do you call a Psychic Compromise	A Happy Medium. Sorry, a played around with the wording of this a lot and couldn't find anything better. Please suggest a better phrasing.
What did A say to B about : and D	They seem happy when they are together - :D
What is Whitney Houston's favorite coordination	HAND-EYYYYEEEEE-EEEE-IIIII!!!
What does a kite and a stoner have in common	They're both high.
What do you call an old joke which someone has put on r/jokes	A historepost.
What do you call a blind German	A nat-zee
What do you call a Jewish man's scrotum	Goldman Sachs
What do you get when you turn 4 blondes upside down	4 brunettes
What do you call a cinema in Jamiaca	A cinemon
What is Hitler's favorite drink	concentrated jews
What's Hitler's favorite weather	Heil
What does a zombie conductor say	Traaaains.
What does a mod do in their spare time	[Deleted]
What do you call a monkey named James that's afraid of everything	Jim-pansy
What do members of secret societies use when they get a head cold	An Illumi-neti pot
What's black, blue, and hates sex	The five year old boy in my basement.
What do you call a group of Amish children	Amlets. (I'll see myself out)
What do you get when you scare a tree	Petrified wood.
What does a cow's fart smell like	dairy-air
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry Potter escaped the Chamber.
What Do You Call Adrian Peterson Playing Baseball	A switch hitter.
What do you call a homosexual wizard who isn't Albus Dumbledore	Gayndalf The Gay
What's the difference between people from Dubai and people from Abu Dhabi	People from Dubai don't like the Flinstones and people from Abu Dhabi Doo!
What do a pornstar and Godzilla have in common	They've both swallowed boatloads of seamen.
What does a nosey pepper do	It gets jalapeno business.
What is the proper weight for a lawyer	About 3 pounds .......not counting the urn!
What did Moses say when he wanted to see through his door	Let my peephole grow!
What do you call a Mexican who is high	A Baked Bean!
What do you call a nose without a body	Nobody knows.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	The pilot you racist assholes.
What do you do with epileptic lettuce	You make a seizure salad!
What do you call a black dinosaur	A Tyroneosaurus Rex.
What happens when batman takes viagra	The dark knight rises
What is the difference between a Muslim baby and a Christian baby	Their parents.
What does Bill Clinton's presidency and Hillary Clinton's future presidency have in common	Weiners got them both in trouble but in the end nobody really cared.
What song did Scar sing when he fixed his car horn	Beep Repaired I'll show myself out.
What does it mean when the Post Office flag is flying at half-staff	They are hiring.
What do you call a large bread disco	[deleted]
What do women and KFC have in common	One you are finished with the breast and the thighs, you still have a greasy box to put your bone
What happens to garlic sauce over time	The sausages.
What's the most prominent religion in Canada	Jemima's Witnesses.
What does an atheist yell during sex	Oh, nothing!
What's red and invisible	No tomatoes
What do you call a clairvoyant dwarf that recently broke out of prison	A small medium at large. (One of my sister's favourites)
What career is a perfect ten	Forensics
What are the three words women hate to hear during sex	Honey, I'm home!
What is the safest place in the galaxy	In the direct line of fire of a Storm Trooper.
What did the cowboy say when the bear ate Lassie	Well doggone !
what do you call a gay dyslexic	a dyxlixic
What do you get if you cross a Fish and an Elephant	Swimming Trunks.
What do you call the wafers you eat at church	Jeez-its
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence	Utter destruction! !!!!
What's the difference between a drummer and publicly traded stock	Publicly traded stock will mature and make money.
What's black and white and red all over	A dead zebra.
What is Spiderman's perfect job	A web designer. ^^^^^sorry!
What do you call a black man flying an aeroplane	... ... a pilot, you racist fuck
What do you call a man with no feet and is allergic to milk	Lack-toes intolerant
What is the difference between the hot girl at work and the one at home	You can assign tasks to the first kind!
What's the difference between my wife and a dead baby	I didn't kill the baby for not shutting the fuck up.
What sounds do nuts make when they sneeze	Cashew
What do you call someone with brown hair and a red beard	Chin""ger
What are the similarities between Cocaine and Gain detergent	A:With both of them you go sniff sniff hooray!
What do you call a ghost that loves soccer	Ghoooooooooooooouuull!
What would you have if all autos in the US were painted pink	A Pink Car Nation!
What do you call someone who takes everything literally	A kleptomaniac!
What do you call a minion that falls on a grill	Filet mignon
What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out the window.
What do you call an Hispanic gentleman who drives a hybrid car	A green bean.
What would you guys like to ask an American	Nevermind they'll just tell you anyway
What is the one thing you don't give to a Jewish kindergartner	A gold star.
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Strokin-off
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	I lost my tractor.
what do you call a Chinese person with down syndrome	Som ting wong
What was Thriller really about	A negromancer.
What does a Pirate say on his 80th Birthday	Aye Matey!
What's Fonzie's favorite indefinite article	Ehhhhhh!
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	a gun only has one trigger
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs	A condescending con descending I'll see myself out
What is green and has four wheels	Grass; I lied about the wheels.
What is the Pillsbury doughboy's wife's favorite snack	Doughnuts.
what does my dad and christmas crackers have in common	they show up once a year to make me cringe with their dad jokes, and then give me a shitty gift.
What kind of coffee do the Islamists hate the most	French press
What is the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You stop milking a cow after 10 years.
What does the ISIS member say about telling good jokes	It's all in the execution.
What did the cow say after hearing butcher's joke	You are killin' me man!
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal.
What's the worst kind of media	chlamydia
What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole	A pedophile.
Whats the smartest thing to come out of a womans mouth	Albert Einsteins cock
What is the origin of the word ""Boob""	The ""B"" is the aerial view, the ""oo"" is the front view, the ""b"" is the side view.
What letter should you avoid	The letter A because it makes men mean.
What do you call a singing laptop	A dell
What does Tupperware and a sealion have in common	They both like a tight seal.
What kind of car does a rich shepherd drive	A Lamb-orghini!
What sex position produces the ugliest kids	Ask your mom. (Sorry if this has already been posted)
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? Still no eye-deer!
What's the difference between a gay guy and a politician	(NSFW) One will screw you in the asshole The other is an asshole screwing you
What do you call a basement full of liberals	A whine cellar.
What happened to the plan of starting a book club	It got shelved.
What do women and grammar Nazis have in common	One missed period is enough to freak them out.
What concert only costs 45 cents	50 cent featuring Nickelback.
What do you call toddlers who are dictators	Dictator Tots
What animal is prone to both manic and depressive episodes	A bipolar bear.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my cock down your mom's throat.
What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis and gonorrhea	An incurable romantic.
What do you call two lesbian Indians (native americans) in a canoe	Fur Traders
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Captain Morgan	Captain Morgan comes alive when you add coke
What's 16 centimetres long and makes every girl happy	A 500 bill.
What do you call a transparent robot	See-through P0
What does it sound like to shoot yourself in the foot twice	Pao! Pao!
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip!
What did the bird say in gratitude	Thank"", then it cooed.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip.
What's the Primary Directive in a nunnery (convent)	Lights out at nine, candles out at ten ...
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs	A condescending con descending.
what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	aye matey
What does a nosey pepper do	I gets ""jalapeno"" business!
What type of missiles were used in the Movie Top Gun	Tom"" Cruise Missiles.
What do you call a pessimistic pelican	A pelican't.
What does a shaved otter look like	Odder... Sorry
What's the favourite flavour of sharks	Shark-o-late!
What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub	The woman in church has hope in her soul. Heard it on ""The Forbidden Room"" on Netflix
What do German kids play on the playground	Guten tag!
What is donald trumps biggest fear	Mexican ghosts that can walk through walls
What is the clumsiest bee	A bumbling bee.
What did the tailor say to the fed up customer	Suit yourself.
What do you call a fart from a paraplegic	Inert gas.
What did the socialists use before candles	Electricity
What's infinite times better than the Super Bowl	The Hyperbole
What's do Christians and politicians have in common	They pick and choose what they want to believe.
What's difference between Caitlyn Jenner and Kim Kardashian	(Offensive) Nothing, both women got famous by making a dick disappear.
what do you call dried cum	sement
What do priests and McDonalds have in common	Both stick their meat into ten-year-old buns.
What does a pirate say when they drop their scissors	Scissor me timbers!
Q: What did the cow say to the masked robber	A: Moo.
What do you get when you cross a cat and an octopus	A strong reprimand from the ethics committee and immediate recission of all funding.
What do you call three cars overtaking you in Mexico	Tres-passers.
What did the girl's suicide note say when she hung herself	*sings* I WANNA SWIIIING FROM THE CHANDELIERRRRRR
What country are you most likely to get a disease	GERMany.
What's Rectangle, red and bad for your teeth	A Brick!
What's the clinical name for Viagra	Mycoxafloppin.
What did Hellen Keller not see when she fell	..... the floor
What do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast	Cronflakes.
What does an Australian use instaed of toilet paper	Bidet, mate.
What fighting style does best girl use	Waifoo.
What is a hemophiliac's least favorite song	Don't stop ble-eding (The pause is necessary)
What does the 'B' in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for	Benoit B. Mandelbrot
What's 9+10	19 you fucking dumbass
What is a cat's favorite alcoholic beverage	Boxed wine, obviously.
What do you call an intersection where a lot of Asians cross	A cross-wok.
What do you call a half Mexican half Japanese jedi master	Obi Juan Shinobi
What's faster than a black guy running down the street with your T.V	His brother holding the VCR.
What do you get if you cross Dracula with AI  Capone	A fangster.
What's colder than ice cream	ISIS
What do you call Benedict Cumberbatch in The Imitation Game	Homogeneous.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor? 8)
What's the definition of trust	Two cannibals blowing each other.
What's the difference between Vietnam and Iraq	George Bush had a plan for getting out of Vietnam.
What do women and saxophones have in common	They both blow and make different noises when you finger them.
What do jedi hate the most	Forced jokes.
What's older than sand	The reposts on reddit. *seriously need new jokes*
What is the dankest kind of pizza	Pepe-roni
What do you call a muslim crocodile	An Allahgator!
What happens when a blonde wins a gold medal at the Olympics	She has it bronzed.
What did the Officer say after arresting the crooked cook	I just booked a cook for cooking the books.
What kind of shrimp does Chris Brown like	Battered shrimp.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at three hoes. (sorry if repost)
What is the difference between a sandwich and a baby	I don't have sex with the sandwich before I eat it !
What do paper towels call their family	NapKIN
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist fuck!
What did the pirate say as he was sailing through Jamaica	X marks the pot, matey.
What did the melon say to the banana when it proposed	Yes! But we cantaloupe.
What do you give the blonde that has everything	Penicillin.
What's the worst thing to hear after blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What do you call an American Drawing	A Yankee Doodle.
What was the blacksmith's slogan	Shop here! You'll be Gladius you did!
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't gotten the box open yet.
What do you call a duck that likes to steal	A Robber Ducky!
What kind of house is easiest to pick up	A light house.
What do you do when you see a penis drawn on the wall	You rub it off.
What's the first thing Aaron Hernandez learned in prison	He's not a tight end anymore ;)
What's better than winning a gold medal in the Special Olympics	Not being retarded.
What do you call a fashion designer, who is not yet sure about his new collection	Tommy Hilfigeritout
What did the fog say to the grass	I mist you!
What did the blind man say when he arrived at the fish market	Hello, ladies.
what did the domino's pizza delivery guy say to Satan	The power of crust compels you.
What do you get if you cross the Queen and Prince Philip	Murdered in a tunnel in Paris.
What is the difference between a goat and 9/11	You cannot milk a goat for 13 years
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	'eleph ino.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree	Hold onto your nuts, this is no *ordinary* blow job!
What did the clock say to the class	Stopwatch you're doing!
Q: What is Iraq's national bird	A: Duck
what does shrek say when he falls off a boat	? if you think the answer is ""ive gone ogreboard!!"" you are sick and twisted & need help
What do you call a nun in space	Virgin Galactic
What is white and disturbes your dinner	An avalanche.
What did one Labium say to the other Labium	We were tight until that Dick came between us.
What did the mouse say when his cheese was stolen	Rats!
What do you call a black neurosurgeon	A Doctor you fucking racist.
What's white, red, black, blue, and doesn't like sex	?? The 9 yr old in my trunk!!!
What did Donald Trump say to the Mexicans	You're hired! But don't tell anyone.
What is the difference between racism and the Chinese	Racism has many faces.
Whats the Difference between an Atheist, a Christian and a Dog	DogMa
What's a wolf's favorite breakfast food	A wolffle.
What is steam	Its what you get when you put water on my mixtape
What do you call fake excrement	Shampoo.
What do you call a deaf gynaecologist	A lip reader
What kind of bees produce milk	Boo bees
What do you call a horny dog	?? Nothing. So he doesn't come...
What do you call a French hooker in Pakistan	Lahore
What is the difference between a duck	One of it's legs are both the same.
What kinda overalls does Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What do a creationist and a dude with a dinosaur bone fetish have in common	They both get a hard on when they find a gap in the fossil record.
What's the difference between Martin Luther King Jr. Day and St. Patricks Day	Everyone want to be Irish on St. Patricks Day.
What's the difference between tired and exhausted	When you run in front of a car, you get tired When you run behind a car, you get exhausted.
What has nine arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What do you get if you cross a parrot with a  centipede	A great walkie-talkie !
What do you call a girl with anorexia and a yeast infection	a quarter pounder with cheese.
What did Reddit almost change their name to during the Victoria controversy	Blueit. -just thought of it, sorry its a little late to the party
What Einstein say when someone tried to take his beer	Nein! Mein Stein!....sorry
What do you call it when a prisoner takes his own mugshot	A Cellfie.
What did the Seattle-based baker say to her apprentice	Someday you will bake like I bake.
What is the biggest scum-hole in the galaxy	Teddybear junction.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican cholo and an ill tempered Irishman	... a surprisingly stable person; according to my Homie O'Statis.
What did the right butt cheek say to the left butt cheek	*""Let's get together and stop this crap!""*
What do you call a Communist Sniper	A Marxman.
What do you call a legend of Zelda fan theory	Head Ganon
What do a gas pump nozzle and a penis have in common	No matter how much you shake them, they still leak a little bit when you try and put them away.
What kind of monkey can fly	A hot air baboon!
What do polite Japanese people eat	Arigatoni
What am I	I have 4 eyes, hundreds of legs, and wings. What am I? A liar.
What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas	Thanks, I'll never part with it.
What do you call a Mexican baby born yesterday	Diego
What's the difference between a Democrat and a Republican	The election year.
What do you have to do to have beautiful hands	Nothing.
What did the fish say when he ran into a concrete wall	Dam!
What did one pee drinker say when he surprised the other pee drinker	Urine for a treat!
What did the captain of the alien mouse spaceship say when he met his first earth mouse	Take me to your Liederkranz.
What has 3 legs and 3 eyes	Three pirates
What's the difference between Brazil and Oscar Pistorious	Oscar Pistorious has a better defence and more shots on Target
What is the shit you didn't see	The shit you stepped on
What was shaken and is now stirred	Haiti.
What did people start calling the medical school that allowed animals to study medicine	The hippocampus.
What is DNA's favourite clothing	Jeans!
What do you call a machine that automatically paddles your boat	A row bot.
What is a statistician's favorite social media site	Histogram
What do you get when you cross Kansas with a vulture	Carrion my wayward son
What do you call a Hungarian insect who won't leave siddhartha alone	A Buddha-pest.
What's the difference between origami and a grandpa passing wind	One is the art of the fold, the other, the fart of the old.
What did Sir Cumference receive after getting all over the 'D'	Pi(e)
What do bad writers use to pick up hot pans	Plot Holders.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	You only need one nail to hang the picture
What do you say to a girl with small tits	NOTHING!
What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach	Flop-Flops
What type of music do they play at Chinese Restaurants	Wok n' Roll
What happens if you get human DNA in a goat	You get banned from the petting zoo.
Q: What do a clitoris an anniversary and a  toilet have in common	A: Men usually miss all three.
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating	Beef strokin' off
What do you get if you shoot a Mexican golfer	A hole in Juan.
What do you call a dog subbing for a music teacher	A subwoofer.
What are Jehovah witnesses called in Chinese	Dind Dong
What do you call a man in a tree with a briefcase	A branch manager.
What did the man get when he shop lifted a calander	12 months
What do you call a Native American who graduated from med school	A doctor, you racist!
What was King Arthur's favourite game	Knights and crosses !
What happened to the Mexican after Donald Trump was elected	[removed]
What's the difference between talking to your wife after you forgot something and a minefield	You can actually get through the minefield alive.
What do you call an unpleasant sand-carrying windstorm	Da Rude Sandstorm
What do you call Miley Cyrus with a gun	A shooting star
What do porn and heavy metal have in common	Both used to have a lot more hair back in the 70's and 80's
What is the most ironic thing a Jew can say	I want to be cremated.
What's the difference between a group of baboons and our political system	I don't know.
What's the difference between Santa Clause and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at 3 ho's.
Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter	A: It took Bill less than 100 days to botch a military mission.
What do you call a Mexican ready-meal	Dinner for Juan
What happened when a doctor crossed a parrot with a vampire	It bit his neck sucked his blood and said ""Who's a pretty boy then?
What is it with people who text and drive	I swear to god the next time I see this happen, I'll roll down my window and throw my beer at them.
What did the fish say when it bumped its head	Dam.
What does a bag of rice and an onion do when they get into a fast car	They pilaf. I'll show my way out
What do you call an eerie French pastry chef	A crepe.
What did Fred from 'Scooby Doo' say when Mystery Inc. finally found a mystery that was too scary for them to solve	2scooby4doo
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute	The prostitute can wash their crack and sell it again.
What is a suicide bomber's favorite TV show	The Big Bang Theory.
What do you call the action where a dead guy falls out of a car and you have to put him back in	A rehearsal
What do you call an overweight hobbit's belly	His Middle Girth
What does a rusty cow say	MgOOOO!!!
What is a Farmer's favorite pick-up line	Girl. You look so good that I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of y'all!
What do 9 out of 10 people consider fun	A gang rape.
What do you call your friend Splee at a soiree	A PARTY SPLUNGE!
What is an Eskimos best friend	pol ice
What is the best Cabinet post for Donald Trump	Secretary of 'De-Fence
what did the fish say to the jelous fish	ur jellyfish
What did Harry Potter name his daughter	Harry Daughter.
What's the difference between lobsters and crabs	I don't *have* lobsters!
What do you call a man of high authority, stoned out of his mind strolling along in the forest	Hiking
What do you call a Masterbating Cow	A Beef Stroganoff
What is similar between gas and water	Not much, but in Flint they are both regular and unleaded
What do you get when cross a black man and a octopus	I don't know but I'm sure he could pick the hell out of some cotton.
What do Bill Cosby and the Little Dutch Boy have in common	Both were caught with their finger in the dyke.
What do you call a Muslim Girl dating an Agnostic Guy	For safety purposes, I don't know if I should tell you her name..
What do you call an Asian-Indian man, who is standing on one leg	Balan Singh
What do dwarfs and midgets have in common	Very little.
What murder mystery is especially popular among mathematicians	the Sin of 4
What's a blind person's favorite fast food joint	Taco Braille
What's the difference... between a gazpacho bean and a chickpea	I've never had a gazpacho bean on my face.
What Do You Call A Line Of Men Waiting For A Haircut	A Barbecue. Christmas crackers are just full of laughs.
What's grey and can't swim	A castle
What do you call a Spanish cucumber	A cuke-hombre...
What is the difference between a fly and a bird	A bird can fly but a fly can't bird !
What do an Iraqi baby, an American president, and a homesick Brit visiting Jerusalem all want	They all want either pees, peace or peas in the middle east.
What did the poacher get when he saw the Northern White Rhino	Shot.
WHAT DO WE WANT	! A CURE FOR TOURETTE'S! WHEN DO WE WANT IT?! CUNT!
What do you call an epileptic covered in lettuce	A seizure salad.
What's it like to work in customer service/retail	Imagine there's a race of people called customers. Now imagine you're a huge racist.
Q: What do you call a drunken Muslim	A: Mohammered.
What do you get when you cut an avocado into 6.022x10^23 pieces	Guacamole.
What do you get if you cross a pig and a telephone	A lot of crackling on the line !
What's the definition of a narrow squeak	A thin mouse !
What is mostly white, dull, and wants to be popular	This post.
What's so unpleasant about being drunk	Just ask a glass of water! -Douglas Adams
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't let a garbanzo bean on my face
What do you call a fish with no eyes	....a fssshhh...
What does a Persistent Jedi do when he gets destroyed in a race	An all day run
What the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	John Wayne stopped killing Indians a long time ago.
What do you call one black person on the moon	A problem. What do you call every black person on the moon? *Problem Solved*
What's brown and sticky	a stick.
What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex	Honey I'm home!
What is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm	OGG
What do you do with a sick chemist	If you can't Helium, Barium.
Q: What did the Momma Buffalo say to her child as he left for school	A: Bison!
What's the most offensive jokes you guys have	What's the most offensive jokes you have ever hear
What happens when a lumberjack doesn't know which tree to cut next	He gets stumped.
What do jokes and penises have in common	The short ones are never good.
What is the similarity between a black man and a bike	They both only work with a chain on.
What were the polite Egyptians running away from	DaRUDE Sandstorm
What do you call a group of lesbians from Pittsburgh	Lesbiyinz.
What do you call an all Sikh band	N'Singh.
What do you call an alien civil rights activist	Martian Luther King jr.
What do you call an empty jar of Cheese Whiz	Cheese was.
What's the best way to make your wife scream when you're having sex	Call her up and tell her where you are.
What dog loves to take bubble baths	A shampoodle !
What do you call a bird that lives underground	A mynah bird !
What's large, gray, wrinkly, and not important	An irrelephant.
What did the judge say when the skunk was on trial	Odour in court!
What happens when you cross a grown kitten, a donkey, and a champion	A cat-ass-trophy.
What's the difference between... NSFW What's the difference between a joke and a 12"" dick	You can't take a joke.
What's the best thing about Sweden	I can't pick, but their flag is a huge plus.
What is the funniest name for male prostitutes	Peter sellers.
What's worse than lobsters on your piano	Crabs on your organ
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza	Little Caesars http://imgur.com/QdWVk4r
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An in-vesti-gator!
What is the difference between a lesbian and a wheat thin	One is a snack cracker, the other is a crack snacker.
What stopped the beaver's crime spree	The damming evidence
What's the difference between jelly and jam	(nsfw, like any good joke) I can't jelly my cock up your ass.
What do they call the work when Webster long cuts the grass	Emmanuel labor
What is a rude way of referring to a young homosexual fly	A maggot, of course!
What did the hamburger say when it found out that most people liked hamburgers better than frankfurters	'Hot dog!'
What do cops and sports photographers have in common	They get paid to shoot black men.
What do you call a spider with no legs	A raisin
Whats blue and smells like red paint	blue paint
What's the difference... What's the difference between a colostomy bag and a politician	The bag isn't always full of shit!
What is that white thing in my pork&amp;beans	The Queen Bean. *Blatantly stolen from Ren &amp; Stimpy
What do you call a very small villain	The Antagonist
What does a diabetic elf need	Tinselin
What kind of monster is safe to put in the washing machine	- A wash and wear wolf
What do you call it when Bill Clinton gets an erection	A political uprising.
What would you get if you crossed the Easter Bunny with Chinese food	Hop suey!
What's Justin Bieber's favorite make of car	Voltz-swaggin. I thought of this myself and I am so, so sorry.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You thought it would be 'R' but all pirates love the 'C'.
What's it called when Batman leaves the church early	Christian Bale
What do you call a blond woman who dyes her hair brown	Her name, you asshole.
What is R. Kelly's favorite group to feature	Black Guy Pees.
What's my favorite Jewish star wars character	Jewbacca
What kind of dog can jump higher than a building	Any kind. Buildings can't jump.
What did the physicist say to the depressed hippy	There's no such thing as negative energy
What was the first thing the emcee said at the pornography convention	Thank you all for coming!
What' the bare minimum	One bear
What's Hitler's favorite game	Meincraft
What kind of tea does a house drink	Propertea
What happens when you mix roofies and Viagra	Ring toss.
What do you call a man with a penis and a vagina	Andy Tohaveapenisandavagina
What's the difference between Jews and Christians	Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.
What do you do when your giant is hurt	You call 9-wun-wun
What is it called when a man molests with each release	Per version.
what did the buffalo say when his son left for college	bye son
What happened when the man fell in love with his garden	It made him wed his plants!
What do you call a failing brand	Calvin DeKlein.
What's the difference between a black fairy tale and a white fairy tail	White begins, ""Once upon a time..."" Black begins, ""Y'all motherfuckers ain't gonna believe dis shit!
What do you call a cannibal that only eats midgets	Anorexic
What do you call a gay rhinoceros	Scooter the unicorn.
What did the chinese billionaire say after buying the deer with no eyes	I have no Idea.
What do Downton Abbey and Premenstrual Syndrome have in common	They're both period drama
What do you call two marry-go-rounds having sex	I don't know, i'm just fucking around.
What did the pencil say to the sharpener	Stop going in circles and get to the point.
What did the toilet say when he was hitting on another toilet	On a scale from one to ten, urinate.
Q: What kind of cards do donkeys send out near Christmas	... A: Mule-tide greetings.
What does the Mexican gang member say to the 15 page document	Hey, *essay*!
What does a pescatarian librarian eat when they're hungry for a little snack	Microfiche.
What do you call a group of ISIS members with their backs turned	A bunch of sissies.
What do you call bad Mediterranean food	Falawful.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No ideer.
What's Osama Bin Laden's favorite football team	The New York Jets.
what do a toddler and a case of new pencils have in common	They are both pointless.
What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off	Spit, swallow and gargle.
What's the difference between a Jewish kid and an American kid	(Going to hell for this one...) The American kid comes back from camp.
What did the cowboy maggot say when he went into the saloon bar	Gimme a slug of whiskey.
What did the snot say to the nose	I gotta run.
What goes ""Clop clop clop, bang bang bang, clop clop clop""	An Amish drive-by shooting.
What's the best part about a Fight Club joke	The punchline.
What does grandmas vagina taste like	Depends..
What's the difference between a video game and a baby	I don't start masturbating when I've beaten a video game
What is the difference between a black and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What do you call a female physicist	A physicist you sexist.
What do you call a floating Jew	Ashes in the wind.
What's the difference between toilet paper and a hand towel	So you're the one!
What do black people and bikes have in common	They stop working when you take the chains off
What does a cow and 9/11 have in common	We love to milk the shit out of it
What do you call a jewish politician's election tactics	A schmear campaign!
what did the melon say to the cookie	nothing, melons can't talk
What do strippers and Hillary Clinton have in common	They rely too much on polls
What is the worst kind of wood to have in your home around your kids	Naughty pine
What do you get when you throw a baby against a wall	An erection
What does a skeleton use to carry his bones	A CART-ilage
What game is all the rage with the Ferguson rioters	Truth or Darren Wilson.
What's the difference between you and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks....
What's Fozzy Bear's favorite city	Mil-wocka-wocka-waukee
What do women and dog shit have in common	The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
What did the horse say when it fell down	Help! I've fallen and I can't giddy up!
what is the height of trust	two cannibals in a 69
What happened to the butterfly that ate too much marble	He shaterpillar.
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness and a Hells Angel	Someone who comes to your door and tells you to fuck off.
What do you call a murderer who kills during breakfast time	A cereal killer
What do you call a middle eastern man flying a plane	The Pilot, you racist.
What's the most believed oxymoron	Peaceful muslims
What's big, green and cries in the corner	The Incredible Sulk
What's the difference between pussy and parsley	I don't eat parsley. -Andrew ""Dice"" Clay
What do you call a dog that can walk on its hind legs all the time	A human.
What is the difference between a cop and a box of chocolates	Nothing. They'll both kill your dog.
What did O say to Q	XYZ.
what's the strongest part of a vegetable	the wheel chair.
What's the sharpest thing in the world	A fart. It goes through your pants without even making a hole.
What is one thing that I would never give	I don't give a rat's ass!
What do you call Peter Pan when he's barbequing	Peter Grill
What do you say to a lady that has to make 100 shirts by tomorrow	you seamstressed
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down.
Q: What do you call a male quartet	A: Three men and a tenor.
what do you call a girl on a swing with no arms	Sarah. Knock Knock... Whos there? Not Sarah
What is the best pickup line at a gay bar	Let me push your stool in for you. ^^I'm^sorry.
What do Nicki Minaj and the Philadelphia police department have in common	Reclaiming black bodies.
What do the alphabet A and a flower have in common	B comes after both.
What's the difference between ten black dicks and a black joke	(offensive) A black woman can't take a black joke.
what are the best sort of bees	boobies
What was King Arthur's favourite game	Knights and crosses!
What is your favorite thing the new iPhone can do	Mine is distract me from my own mortality
What do you call something that has nothing to do with elephants	Irrelephant
What does Happy Meal and a lonely girl have in common	They both come with a toy in the box.
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels still killing Indians.
What did the little cell say to his sister when she stepped on his toe	My toe sis!
What do you call a gay man in Russia	Forbidden fruit.
What do you call a bicycle with no seat	A real pain in the ass.
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighborhood	A spaghetto
What did the Chinese cowboy say	Nii haw!
What's a skunk's philosophy of life	Eat stink and be merry!
What do you call a hooker who doesn't use protection	NSFW
What size box of condoms do you never want to buy	The family size.
What's black and eats pussy	Cervical Cancer
What is a dog lover's favorite cookie	Keebler
What do you call butt sex in public	PDAnal
What kind of food can't blind people eat	Seafood.
What do you get when you cross a rooster with an owl	A cock that stays up all night.
What do you call a room full of Amish prostitutes	A furry fish market.
Whats worse than 10 babies nailed to 1 tree	1 baby nailed to 10 trees.
What do you get when you cross a mad cow and an angry sheep	...An animal in a very baaaaaaad mooooooood
What's a vaccines favorite song	Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
What do you call a super cool assassin	A badassassin.
What did the blonde say when she saw the  sign in front of the YMCA	Look! They spelled MACY's wrong!
What do you call a banana you want tomorrow in spanish	Banana
What is a firefighter's favorite video game console	Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U HINT: Say it outloud
what is the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted
What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby	Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What do you call a Chinese underage hooker	Sum Yung Ho
What sort of perfume do snakes prefer	Poison by Christian Dior !
What do you call a psychoanalysis game show	Family Freud
What does Bill Cosby do when he can't sleep at night	He finishes her drink EDIT: Apparently this is Conan's joke, so all credit goes to him. I just heard it from a friend of mine and I had no idea.
Whats a sign a subreddit has strong moderation	[removed]
What do you call a singing bottle of mustard	Celine Dijon
What was the oak's favorite subject	Chemistree.
What's the difference in jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down your throat!
What did the Hawaiian man say when he say the buffet	Aloha Snackbar
What is the difference between an art student and a dead baby	The dead baby can feed a family of four.
What did Hitler say to the Black Jew	ja, ja, arsch ficken mich harter, gestut
Whats the incredible hulks favourite drink	Incredible mulk
What's Bob Marley's favorite dessert	Pot pie.
What's the most popular Russian streaming service	Nyetflix
What's the first thing the pope did after resigning	Asked Jerry Sandusky for his lil black book.
What's the best way to receive down votes on reddit	Wohahaha! That was funny! XD
What's Chris Brown's favorite professional sport	Sockher
What Pokemon can you find at Auschwitz	Gastly
What is the difference between a baby and a onion	No one cries when you chop up the baby.
What do you get when you mix lemonade and ice tea	A dead golfer...
What no running shoes and Neo-Nazis have in common	Both make Jews run faster! (Sorry, but as an agnostic Jew myself, I hope that it's okay for me to make this joke.)
What would Vincent Van Gogh be if he was a sheep	Lamb Gogh
What do the song ""Dixie Chicken"" and a Klansman have in common	You would refer to both as a Fowl(/ul) Southerner.
What do you tell two lesbians before they start a play	Break a leg! (http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=scissoring)
What's big and purple and hugs your Easter  basket	The Easter Barney!
Whats that when you keep moving constantly produces something white	Its toothbrush dear dirty minded people..
What did one eye say to the other	Between you and I, something smells.
What did the fish say before he hit the wall	Oh, Dam.
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13.
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing... They're both stuck up cunts.
What do you get when you cross dessert with a monkey	A Meringueutan
What has 5 balls and rapes the poor	The lottery.
what do you do if a blonde women throws a grenade at you	Catch it pull then pin out and throw it back .. *blonde lady
What did the grocery store owner say to the customer that asked him if he sold tires	He shrugged and said, ""I've got asparagus.
What's the difference between a final exam and an orgy	In an orgy, you fuck and then get tested. In a final exam, you get tested and then you're fucked.
What's the best thing about a swimming pool bar	There's never a line for the bathroom.
What type of road race do Donald Trump supporters run	3 K's
What do you call it when a psychic midget escape from prison	A small medium at large
What do you call a door only used by prostitutes	Ho-dor
What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it hits a car windscreen	Its arse.
What subreddit do unborn babies use	Pro Life Tips.
What's the difference between Bono and God	God doesn't walk around Dublin pretending he's Bono
What organ in the body never dies	THE LIVER. ometrist will copyright this joke. hopefully.
What should you do if you have a basset hound over for dinner	Have a short table!
What's it called when Obama and Paul Ryan meet up for dinner	A government mandate.
What is the difference between an arrested public masturbator and a period	The period comes after the sentence.
what do you call a mentally unstable ursine that lives in the antarctic	A bi-polar bear.
What department store is named after the things jews hate the most and love the most	JC Penney. ^I'm ^^going ^^^to ^^^^hell.
Q: What is a dentist's office	A: A filling station.
What do snakes have on their bath towels	Hiss and Hers !
What's Irish and stays out all night	Paddy O'Furniture.
What do you call a Jewish incendiary device	A mazal tov cocktail
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	(From u/cherryslurpee) I won't pay 100 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Q: What did the thermometer say to the other thermometer	A: You make my temperature rise.
What's the definition of a will	It's a dead giveaway!
What do you call somebody with no body and no nose	Nobody knows.
What did the cow say to the farmer named Mitch	Moo Mitch, get out the hay
What's a feminist's favourite school lesson	Triggernometry.
What do you do with a zombie chef	Skillet
What is the difference between a teacher and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four...
What do all men at single's bars have in common	They're married.
What two letters of the alphabet do snowmen prefer	I.C. !
What do you call a tank rolling through the streets of poland	Ghetto Blaster
What do they do with rope in space	Tie Astro-knots.
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car next to an abortion clinic	Having to go in to ask for a coat hangar.
What's black and white and red all over	A slaughtered penguin.
What's a musician's favourite kitchen utensil	A Chopin' knife!
What did the Sewage Worker say to his apprentice	Urine for a surprise. ^^^^^sorry
What do you call a communist sniper	A Marxman
What do you call a rich Chinese	https://i.imgur.com/txMwWBX.jpg
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early	A Christian Bail
What do bad photographs and the Irish famine have in common	Potato quality
What happened when the man put in mypenis as a password	Error not long enough.
What do you call a belt made of dollar bills	A waist of money.
What do you call sunscreen in Ireland	Pubs
What do you call an Irish armchair	Patty O'Furniture
What is the opposite of paranoia	Thinking you are following someone.
What does Lebron use to high jump	The Flosberry Flop.
What did the short boy bring to high school	A ladder.
What is the difference between homeless people and feminists	Sometimes the homeless get change.
What did the mouse say when his friend broke his front teeth	Hard cheese.
[Short] What is the best color	Reddit
What did the mermaid wear to her math class	An algae bra.
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle	Attire
What would LMFAO's hit song be called if they were Russian	I'm Slavic and I know it
What covers the outside of a dogwood tree	Bark.
What do you say when the Batmobile drives by	Na na na na na na na na BAT MAN What do you say when a stolen Batmobile drives by? Na na na na na na na na BLACK MAN
What is the difference between a peeping tom and a pick pocket	A pickpocket snatches watches
What do Asian pirates do	They fry pranes
What's a porn star's favorite dessert	Cookies and MILF
What's the fastest way to heaven	It depends on the flight delays.
What do you call a fast clothes maker	Taylor Swift! Made up by my nine year old :)
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas	Cancer.
What's the most dangerous bar to go to in the middle east	The allahu ak-bar
What's yellow and sleeps alone	Yoko Ono
What did the girl mushroom say about the boy mushroom	He's a real fun-guy.
what does a programmer and a photo have in common	They develop better in the dark
What do you call a jerk in the space program	Nasshole.
What game do enemy naval officers play in the sauna	Battleshvitz
What do you call a fugitive, talking down to you while fleeing down the stairs	a condescending con descending.
What did the cholo say when the houses fell on him	'ey, get off me homes!
What if Forrest Gump's e-mail password	1Forrest1 ...yeah we all saw that one coming.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalotopus
What data service is red and wireless	Flash-Drives
What do you call a woman that tries to force you into commitment	A booby trap
What do you call a wannabe model	A poser!
What is a group of endermen called	A basketball team
What do you call a bee that lives in the US	USB ^^ I'll show myself out...
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breathe through something so small?
What do you call a witch with one leg	Eileen.
What do you call a middle eastern sorceress	A sandwitch
What's brown and walks upstairs backwards	A corgi with a boner.
What's the difference between three midget mensa members and a female track team	One group is a bunch of cunning runts...
What's a virgin's favorite Christmas song	Single Bells
What's the best thing about owning a car in Liverpool	You'll eventually end up with enough bricks to build a free garage.
What does a man and a linoleum floor have in common	If you lay 'em right, you can walk on them for 20 years.
What did one tooth say to the other tooth	Thar's gold in them thar fills.
What music do girls on their periods listen to	Ragtime
What pillar doesn't need holding up	A caterpillar !
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland	Well, the flags a big plus.
What do you get when you cross 10 sodium particles with the Dark Knight	Nananananananananana BATMAN!
What do you call a kleptomaniac who doesn't understand figurative speech	Someone who takes everything literally
What happened after the man borrowed a sad movie from his friend	He lost it.
Q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton  and Elvis	A: Elvis was drafted and served proudly in the Army.
What do you call three brothers taking acid together	Triplets
What do you get when you have Avogadro's number of donkeys	Molasses.
What do you call a skinny, Islamic cow	A moo-slim.
What's a down-side of being a paedophile	You have to go to bed early.
What do you call someone who is not nice	Denice. (De-nice)
Whats a Feminist's favorite math subject	Triggerednometry
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, a dyslexic and an agnostic	Someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
What happens when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic	You get half way
What do you call a sheep tied to a lamp post in New Zealand	A community centre
What distance say when velocity fell on top of him	Ow, this really hertz.
What did Honey Boo Boo's father say after he didn't pull out	Uh oh... I think I made a boo boo.
Q: What is the best Iraqi job	A: Foreign Ambassador
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wiped his butt
What did the redditor do at the restaurant when he was done with his meal	\*Tips waitress*
What do polar bears have for lunch	Ice burger !
What is the worst thing anyone can do to a blind man	Leave a plunger in the toilet!
What's an asian's favorite drug	HERROine ^^^^^^I'm ^^^^^^sorry, ^^^^^^that ^^^^^^was ^^^^^^aweful.
What do you get if you cross a Rolls Royce with a vampire	A monster that attacks expensive cars and sucks out their gas tanks.
What does black Vin Diesel smell like	What does black vin diesel smell like? Vinegar.
[NSFW] What do the Zika Virus and Catholic Priests have in common	They're both giving kids a little head all over Latin America.
What do insects learn at school	Mothmatics !
What do you call a loonie answering questions on reddit	DollarAMA. *Only Canadians will get it, sorry.
Whats the only problem with eating vegetables	Getting them back in their chair.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No Idea
What do you call a group of cars	A clutch !
What did the computer do with his overgrown gardens...	Mowed 'em.
What genre can't Ed Sheeran sing	Soul
What's the difference between a blonde and a pair of sunglasses	The sunglasses sit higher on your face.
What would be a great name for a Mexican Boy Band	Juan Direction.
What do you call the queue of Software  Engineers standing outside Heaven	The Y2K deadline !
Whats the difference between a boy scout and jewish child	The boy scout comes home from camp.
What did the Hot Dog say to the Cucumber	My brothers may have been eaten to death, but hey it was over quicker than your midnight insertion ""fun"".
What do cows like to do at amoosement parks	Ride on the roller cowster.
What's the difference between a fruit and a vegetable	A fruit doesn't need a wheelchair
What do you call a collection of memes	A memeoir.
What are the spots on black-and-white cows	Holstaines
What's one thing a man doesn't want to hear the morning after	Yes, I'm completely sure.
What do you call a skeleton in fancy attire	Fashionably late. I'll be here all week.
What does a stripper eat for thanksgiving dinner	Twerky
What do math teachers grow	Geometrees and trigonometrees
What are you if you aren't European	Eurapoopin. -my daughter
What do you call painful constipation	Excretiating pain
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	The more they're forced on you as a child, the more you hate them as an adult!
What do you get if you cross a chemical and a  bicycle	Bike carbonate of soda !
What do you say to an overworked clothing maker	You seamstressed.
What do men and linoleum have in common	If you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for years to come.
What's the difference between a snowman and snow-women	Snow-balls.
What do you call an retarded rich kid	Downstown Abby
What kind of reptile do you bring on an expedition	A navi-gator!
What did the Chinaman cleaning the rotisserie say to the crestfallen window shopper	No Peking!
What do gay horses eat	Horse dick.
Whats the most deserted place on fathers day	The visitation ward.
What do you call a turtle with an erection	A slow poke!
What do you call people pretending to be a ball	roll playing im sry
What did Mary give her cheating husband for Christmas	A bullet.
Whats the difference between a Ginger and a Shoe	The shoe has a sole
[OC] What did Remus Lupin say to Nymphadora Tonks	I'm a-lookin'... And I'm a lycan.
What is the difference between a dancer and a duck	One goes quick on her beautiful legs the other goes quack on her beautiful legs.
Q: What is the best blonde secretary in the  world to have	A: One that never misses a period.
What do you call a rapping computer	Mac-klemore
What do corn and staples have in common	They're both staples.
What do a Christmas tree and a sterile man have in common	Their balls are for decoration only.
What's your mom's favorite seafood resturant	Captain D's Nutz
What do you call earrings on a gay man	Queerings
What's the difference between clever and stupid	you can't wank yourself clever.
What do you call a deer with no eye	NO IDEAR!
What do you call a very forgiving lawyer	S'aul Good man.
What's with people thinking white people shoot up schools	I'm white and I have only shot up like 2 schools.
What do you call a male trapped in a female body	A fetus
What is the frat guy's favorite ion	Bromide
What kind of bagel can fly	A plain bagel!
What do you call a dark skinned surfer	A RADICAL muslim. Sorry if I offended anyone but just thought I would share a funny thought I had that I turned into a joke.
What is a gentleman monkey	A gentleman monkey is a monkey that won't monkey around with another monkey's monkey.
What sits down but doesn't get back up	A redditor.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	When the person answers ""R"" you say ""You'd think that but me first love be the C.
What is the difference between peanut butter and jam	I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass.
What's long, hard and has cum in it	A cucumber, you pervert!
What do you call a play about a dictionary	A pun!
What sucks about being black and jewish	You gotta stand at the back of the oven! Edit: I was at an [7] when typing this and fucked it up. It is better now. oven was bus. Changed bus to oven.
Q: What does a Super Star Destroyer wear to a formal occasion	A: A bow T.I.E.
What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal in New Jersey and a voluptuous lobster	One's a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean
What was John Locke's favorite beer	Natty Rights
what do you think of the number 4	you mean like on a scale of 1 to 10? stolen from: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/31g6qc/i_am_a_don_hertzfeldt_filmmaker_ama/cq1dzn8
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	One goes... *WHACK*...""Dang it!"" And the other goes... ""Dang it!""...*WHACK*
What's Up Doc	by Howie Dewin
What did the creepy scientist say to his new creepy wife	Let's grow MOLD together!
Whats the devil's favorite meal	fillet of soul
Whats the difference between the psychiatrists and the patients at a mental hospital	The patients are the ones who eventually get better and get to go home.
What's better than a dozen roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ.
What am I doing today	Well I forgot my headphones so probably murders.
What's the difference between a mathematician and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family.
What's a burnt pizza, frozen beer, & a pregnant girl have in common	? . In each scenario, there's a dumb guy who didn't take it out in time.
What's the difference between a drum, a woman, and a blowjob	You can beat a drum. And you can beat a woman. But you can't beat a blowjob.
What do you call a homeless caveman	Hobo Erectus
What's the difference between the 3 Stooges and my penis	Girls don't laugh at the 3 Stooges
What happens when Donald gets a boner	A Trup vote.
What is yellow and lives off beetles	Yoko Ono
What did the chef say when Hannibal Lecter sent his breast meat back, complaining it was overcooked	TOUGH TITTIES!
What do you call a burning Bible	Holy smokes.
What do you call the fear of chainsaws	Common Sense. I'll show myself out...
What's the difference beetwen public official and private employee	Private employee starts work checking email. Public official starts works making a coffee.
What was the burglar doing in Wayne Manor	He was Robin.
What's difference between good weed and good pussy	You can smell the weed from across the room.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay good money to see a lentil.
What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A flat miner
What is 6.9	Great sex interrupted by a period.
What did the man say when the bass was too loud for his ears	That megahertz"" What did the woman get in response when she asked if his ears were okay? 100 watts
What is red and has seven little dents in it	Snow White's cherry.
What did Mary say the first time she changed Jesus' diaper	Holy shit.
What's the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber	The way they pronounce ""unionized
What did the mexican fire chief call his 2 sons	Hose A and hose B (read it out loud)
Q: What's the difference between a duck	A: One of its legs is both the same.
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Houston, TX	Houston, TX will once again reach 98 degrees.
What do you get when you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole	Hot cross bunnies.
What did the pianist do when someone smashed his piano	He played many more pieces.
What is orange and hangs in my backyard	My nigger and I can paint him any color I want.
what's the difference between a normal consumer and a prostitute	A normal consumer aims to get the most bang for their buck. A prostitute aims to get the most buck for their bang.
What do prisoners use to talk to each other	Cell phones.
What car does Woody drive	AUDI ADUI ADUI!
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Slap her.
What's the difference between a frog and a cat	A cat has nine lives, but a frog croaks every night.
What is it that's made backwards	Edam
What's the difference between an entomologist and an etymologist	An etymologist would know
What's long and hard and makes women cry at night	Crib death.
What do Coors Light and having sex in a canoe have in common	They're both too fucking close to water.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass
What did the creator of knock knock jokes win	A No-bell prize
What do you call a crazy judge	Judgemental
What kind of birds do girls like	My-cawk!
What did the serial killer say before he killed his victim	cheerio.
What's the hardest part about walking through a field of dead hookers	Your erection.
What is the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating	Your ears
What goes zzub-zzub	A bee flying backwards
What do you call a dog with no limbs	Doesn't really matter it won't come anyway
What do you call a scientific measuring instrument with degrees	A graduated cylinder. -------------------------------------------------------------------- This is the only joke I've ever thought of.
What's a Muslims favourite place to eat	Allahu Snackbar
What drink does hitler hate the most	Juice
What's George Washington's favorite element	Americium-1776
What did the proctologist say to the pirate	Show me your booty.
What's the difference between Jimmy Fallon and myself	I can get through a Jimmy Fallon joke without laughing.
What do Nazis drink for breakfast	Orange Jews.
What do you call a gay assassin	Ass ass in
What happens to criminal photons	They get put in prism!
What's a Korean's favourite take on a traditional British meal	German Shepherd pie.
What do the racehorse that finished in second and Michael Jackson have in common	They both came in a little behind.
What did the shy pebble wish for	Only that he could be a little boulder!
What's pink and sits on a piano chair	Elton's John
What's the last thing you want to hear when you're getting a blowjob from Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson
What does $50 get you at the Chanel store	13 seconds of eye contact.
What's the similarity between your wife and a tin roof in a hurricane	If you didn't nail them properly they'll go see your neighbor
What do you find in a cloud's shorts	Thunderpants!
What do giraffes eat at 11am	Brunch.
What's worse than waking up at a party with a penis drawn on your face	Finding out it was traced.
What do you call a tight-fisted Wookie	Jewbacca
What do a common garbage can and Leonardo DiCaprio have in common	No Oscar!
What's the difference between a clever midget and an STD	One is a cunning runt.
What's the easiest way to make a homeless person bleed	Brush their teeth!
What do the Iron Man suit and Sarah Palin have in common	They've both had a downy inside em.
What wind is best for footballs	Drew Brees
What's the worst part about eating out an 80 year old	Depends
[helping kid w/math] What is 0.1 as a fraction	One tenth?"" Good, now what does 10% mean? ""Battery low, plug in your phone?"" Perfect
What did the guy who didn't like vegetables say	I don't really carrot all for vegetables.
What do you call a horny homosexual	Homorectus. Sorry
What do you get when you're outside too long on a cold night	(OC) Arcdick
What goes, ""Pieces of Nine, Pieces of Nine""	A parroty error
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	*denim* *denim* *denim*
What is the opposite of an iPad Mini	A Maxi Pad
What's the difference between cowboy hats and tampons	Cowboy hats are for assholes.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly a cock down a throat.
What's the difference between a baby and a tree	Trees don't bleed when you cut their limbs off.
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids	I dunno, ask your mom.
What do a 45 year old pregnant alcoholic and Ironman have in common	Both have a little Downy Jr in them.
what did the leper say to the prostitute	You can keep the tip.
What's the difference between a business meeting and a battle ground	#Deadpeople
What does a guy with a 9"" cock have for breakfast	.. well this morning I had toast....
What do pelicans eat	Anything that fits the bill.
What kind of key gets shit done	A do key.
What do you get when you mix a donkey &amp; a onion	A Piece of ass that'll bring a tear to your eye
What is the difference between the USA and North Korea	One is of them has a great leader!
What do freezing rain and cake icing have in  common	Both are a glaze
What do you call a lady with one leg that is shorter than the other	Aileen
What is the best kind of vegetable	The one in the wheelchair.
What's long, green, and smells like bacon	Kermit's finger
What's green and has wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels. Credit to my gymnastics coach
What do you call a Pakistani music group	A tali-band.
What did the blind deaf mute boy in a wheelchair get for Christmas	Cancer!
What do you call a guy with a toe growing out of his knee	Tony.
What's the difference between a ladder and a truck	It's no bad luck to walk under a truck.
What's the most consumed beverage by Syrians	Saltwater.
What is the premier dish in Israeli-Japanese cuisine	Jewshi
What did the redneck say when he lost his virginity	Thanks mum xD
What do you call a porno with aliens in it	A science friction movie.
What do you say when you wake up in the middle of the night and your TV is floating	Man, wall mounts are awesome.
What is a Pirate's favorite letter	Listener usually answers: R? Punchline: (In pirate voice) No! It is the C!
What do you call an unconscious computer programmer	dfghjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
What weapons do pengiuns have	Pen-guinades.
What is a feminists least favourite subject at school	Triggernometry.
What's the difference between you and eggs	Eggs get laid and you don't.
What did the brick say to the rock	Nothing, it's just a brick, what's wrong with you.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They're both stuck up cunts.
What do you get when you cross Kate Upton with royalty	A bouncy castle.
What do you call a Massachusite who cuts down trees	_In a New England accent..._ A Boston lager. . . . . . I made this up yesterday in the car.
What does a turkey do when he flies upside down	He gobbles up.
What do you call a farting fatass	Gas giant.
What do you call a digital tree	All bark and no byte
What do pedophiles and climate change deniers have in common	[NSFW] They both enjoy fucking the next generation.
What do you call a Jew who gets beat by women	Bernie Sanders.
What's a down syndrome's kids favorite thing to do at prom	Slow Dancing.
What did Jay-Z call his wife-to-be	Feyonce.
What do you call sex with a Pixar DVD	F*cking Up.
Q:Whats worst than getting a penis drawn on your face	A:knowing it was traced
What's the difference between a lawyer and a mosquito	One is a blood sucking parasite, and the other is an insect.
What was the policeman's baby's first words	Hallo Hallo Hallo !
What did the russian say before Putin penetrated his asshole	*russian accent* Put it in Putin!
What do you call a fish with no eye	Disabled.
What did Beethoven the dog shed in a moment of genius	Fur Elise
What does a fat girl and a pallet of shingles have in common	...they both have a 90% chance of being nailed by a Mexican.
What political party entices most Gorillas	The Treepublican Party!
What kind of pictures do turtles take	Shellfies!
What can I bring to your party	Friend: A six pack. [does 10 crunches] [cancels]
What do you call a cat on a big plate	a platterpuss
What did the erotic novel author get from his editor	Sticky notes. What did he get from his publisher? A hard copy.
What do you call a group of whales playing music together	An Orcastra
What's the difference between Ignorance and Apathy	I don't know and I don't care.
What does the 1286BC incribed on the mummy's tomb indicate	The registration of the car that ran him over !
What would you get if you crossed Halloween with Independence Day	The Fourth of Ghoul-ly!
What do Rick Ross and a dominatrix have in common	They're both interested in whips and chains.
What do you call a frat house in a quarry	A bromine.
What do Irish feminists call men	O'Pressors
What's 5,000 lbs and sexually confused	A Bi-noceros
What do you call the western half of Kenya	Kenya West
What is the biggest danger to an ear f*cker	Hearing AIDS.
What is the most popular candy in Rwanda	Tutsi roll
What should you do when you see a spaceman	Park in it, man.
What's the best part about marrying a farmer	You get to grow old together.
What do you call it when an Asian's imaginary friend dies	Make-bereave
what is the stupidest animal in the jungle	The polar bear
What did Liberace die from	Botulism. Bad meat in the can.
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawyer	The hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead.
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	The Pilot.... you racist fucks
What did Bill Gate's wife say to him on their wedding night	No wonder you called the company Microsoft
What time do you go to the dentist	Tooth-hurty.
What were Marco Rubio's first words	Hello, World!
What do you call Mexican food when it gets cold	A burrrrrrito.
What do you call a woman who will sleep with absolutely anybody	Public storage.
What do you call an aligator that likes to wear vests when no one else is around	A private investigator.
What did Voltaire eat for Thanksgiving	Candide yams
What's the difference between the Seahawks and a cheap hooker	The hooker won't choke on six inches.
What do you call a nine-sided polygon that wishes to remain anonymous	anonagon.
What do you call the sweat between two people having sex in Arkansas	Relative Humidity
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A Pilot you fucking racist.
What's your stand on renewable energy	I don't know about you, but I'm a Big Fan.
What is the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland	Well for starters the flag is a big plus.
What did Santa get the day after Christmas	Diabetes
What happened to the heretical chef	He was burnt at the steak.
[Batman at McDonald's] What's your chicken sandwich called	-A McChicken And the rib? -A McRib [pulls out his batwallet] I like your style.
What do you can a pessimistic antelope	A cantaloupe
What do you call a mentally ill person without arms and legs	Call him whatever you want, its not like he's gonna get up and do anything about it.
What do you call a pothead with two spliffs	Double jointed
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he went down the mine	I'll be black.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $60 to have a chickpea in my face.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	The pilot, you racists.
What kind of food do maths teachers eat	Square meals!
Q: What did the mermaid do last Sunday night	A: She went to sea a movie.
What do you do for a frog with a belly ache	Rubbit.
What is faster	Hot or Cold? Hot. Because you can catch a cold.
What's the difference between my girlfriend and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking when I smack it
What's a Russian's favorite service provider	Sprint.
What do you get when you cut a hooker in half with a chainsaw	an erection
What makes for a great relationship but a shit gaming partner	Someone who goes down a lot.
What's James bonds fettish	Bondage
What do you tell a Jew with a tattoo	Nothing, you already told his grandparents 6 million times
What's Vatican City's national animal	The Papal bull.
What do Sea Monsters eat	Fish and SHIPS!
What else can you call pictures depicting children sexually	Underdeveloped photos.
What's a pedophile's favorite part about hockey	...before the first period.(   )
What do you get when you cross a retard with a gang banger	Someone who sprays graffiti on chain link fences.
What is Reddit's favorite airliner	Virgin airlines.
What sound does a horny toad make	.....rub it rub it.
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on Juan!
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on Juan.
What is brown and sticky	Shit.
What do you call a porno that involves incest, biology and foot fetishes	Suck Mitosis
What do you call the hot tub that two folks just made love in	H2OOOHHHGG
what do ducks and pseudo-science have in common	it's all just a bunch of quackery.
What do you call a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle with bad hair	Donny Trump
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves	Christopher Walken. -not an original, just wanted to share.
What is something that everyone overlooks no matter how hard they try not to	Their nose
What do we want	! LOW FLYING AIRPLANE NOISES! When do we want em?! NNNNEEEEOOOOOOOOWWWWWW
Whats yellow and dangerous	Shark infested custard
What do you call two lesbians in a closet	Licker cabinet.
What does OSU and Ronda Rousey have in common	They were both undefeated until the final kick.
What do you get when you cross a spud and a metal show	Moshed potatoes.
What does Kevin 11 have that Peter Parker doesn't	A living Ben and Gwen.
What's black and white all over and difficult	An exam paper!
What do prostitutes work for	Incum
What's the difference between Santa Clause and a Pedophile	Nothing, they both like to unload their sacks while pleasuring children.
What's DJ Khaled's favourite number	11, Because it has another 1.
What do you call a bartender giving two dolphins a drink	Serving dual porpoises!
What time zone are you in when you find a sheep stuck in a fence	Mountin' time
What did the twin embryos say when they were hungry	Fetus
What rhymes with orange	no, it doesnt.
What do you call A man doing Laundry	Non-existent
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel	Sparky
What's al-Qaeda's favorite football team	The New York Jets
What do you call a constipated German	Farfrompoopin.
What is the volume of a pizza of thickness A and radius Z	PI Z Z A
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	The gun only has one trigger!   -Clorox Bleach
What do you call a muslim on an airplane	A passenger you racist fuck.
What did the pirate with a steering wheel in his pants say when he couldn't remember why it was there	Arrrh, it's driving me nuts
What is Juan's favorite book to read	Tequila Mockingbird
What did Putin say to Ukraine after invading	Crimea River.
What do you call a gay milkman	A dairy queen.
What did the other traffic light say to the other traffic light	Don't look! I'm changing!
What's DJ Khaled's favorite number	11, because it has another 1.
What is the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your arse.
What does E.T. stand for	Freedom of speech
[NSFW] What did the farmer say when he got caught watching porn	Amishamed of myself.
What is white and twelve inches long	Nothing
What's the difference between a proclamation from the Vatican and a mail-order husband from ebay	One's a papal mandate and the other's a paypal man-date.
What do you call it when a homeless wino robs a gay man in a park late at night	A WHAM reunion.
What did the blind and deaf girl get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call it when an oyster takes a picture of itself	A shell-fie
What is the most awesomely amazing word in the English language	Anticlimactic
What's a jewish dota 2 player's favorite skill	shekel shot
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lic-Alot-O-Puss
[Favorite joke from Letterman] What goes into thirteen twice	Roman Polanski.
What do you call a redneck with a functioning car	Lucky
What's the most difficult part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What does Beyonce eat food out of	An IrreplacaBOWL.
What do Crocs and getting a bj by a dude have in common	They both feel fantastic till you look down and realize you're gay.
What was the root of the problem dark ages	The potato famine.
What do you call an honest lawyer	An oxymoron.
What do they call their mistresses in Islamic countries	Haram Baes
What's a 6.9	A good time ruined by a period.
What's the best way to fix a horse race	Evolution.
What's the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian	One is a snack cracker and the other a crack snacker.
What's the difference between an angry man and a gay arab	An angry man shakes a fist...
What do you get when you cross Tumblr with anything	A bunch of offended Tumblrinas
What did they change the name of the gay bar in Orlando to	No Pulse
What name do you give to a frog	(croaky voice) ROBBERT
What do you call a bunch of Indians running down a hill	A: A mudslide How do you make one? A: Roll a coin down a hill Who is the richest man in India? A: The guy who got the coin
What did the nudist criminal say when he agreed to a criminal plan	I'm in, but I'm not decent.
What did one casket say to the other	Is that you coffin?
What does smoking a cigarette and eating a pussy have in common	[NSFW] The flavor gets stronger as you get closer to the butt.
what do a roadway, for coworkers in the same car, that goes underwater and discomfort in the wrist from excessive computer use have in common	carpool tunnel
What do space-related scientists call themselves in Australia	Austronomers
What do you call a funny baked good	a pun
What do you do when you see a space man	You park the car, *man*.
What are pedophile's favorite shoes	Vans
What do you call a person with a Simpsons fetish	Homer-sexual
What is the easiest way to kill a gaggle of black men	Tie watermelons to the bottom of a lake
What do you call a mail order bride from Thailand	A she-mail
What do you call an isolated mystical forest creature	Gnome alone.
What do you call a Nun who is moving	Virgin Mobile....
What do you have in December that you don't  have in any other month	The letter ""D"" !
What do you call a Woolworths that has been burned down	Coles
What do you call a flexible Rastafarian who lies a lot	Cinnamon twist
What's the difference between a truck full of bowling balls and a truck full of dead babies	You can't unload the truck full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
What's black and looks good on a lawyer	An unconvicted felon.
what's common between a puppy and a good book	both are easy to pick up but hard to put down
What's the difference between a clown and a prostitute	Clowns have cunning stunts
What have working for the KGB and oral sex got in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What did the mole say when someone told him there were entire above-ground civilizations	Holy moley, I didn't know that!
What do you do with a Jew who has ADHD	Put him in a concentration camp
What do you call a homeless man who trashes food you give him then says he only accepts cash	A rootabaga.
What do angry beavers build	DAMNITS!
Whats an ex-iphone user's favorite cereal	Apple Jacks
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs	A grasshover !
What do you get when you goose a ghost	A handful of sheet.
What do you get when you goose a ghost	A handful of sheet!
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	Their last big hit was the wall... :)
What do you call someone who hates pencils	Erracist
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr.Dre.
What is a parrot's favorite game	Hide and Speak!
What do you call a Mexican who has had his car stolen	Carlos
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, they are both stuck up bitches.
What animal do you get when shake a pig	a ham-stir
What do you get when someone teases you with ice cream then takes it away	Blue Bells.
what do you call a high Rowan Atkinson	Baked bean.
What do they call Muhammad Ali on bean night	Gaseous Clay
What do you get when you throw a bomb in a French bathroom	Linoleum Blown-apart
What did Jeffery Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbitt	You going to eat that?
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stpehen hawking after a house fire.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What kind of fun does a priest have	None.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? She Gagged.
What did the stamp say to the envelope	I'm stuck on you.
What do Roman Polanski and Bumblebee Tuna have in common	They both come in little cans.
What kind of deoderant did the nazis wear	Reich Guard
What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They're both en route to uranus to wipe out the klingons
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus	Claustrophobic
What's all brown and sounds like a bell	Dung!
What does a gay guy say when he can't remember	I faggot
What's the difference between a large pizza and a black man	The large pizza can feed a family of four.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dessert	Vladimir Puddin
What do you a call a pedophile at church	Father
What do you call a botched circumcision	A total rip-off.
What do Jimmy Carter and the Long Island Railroad have in common	They both pull out of Roslyn every morning at 8:15.
What do you call a social studies class that got burnt down	History
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic	Someone who stays up all night, wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a bee from the wrong side of town	A bumblegee
What do diapers and Politicians have in common	They both need changing regularly - for exactly the same reason.
What do you call a dog with a 7 inch boner	Your sex life.
What do you do if you enter a room and a clown is having a stroke	Close the door and go to /r/Eyebleach.
what's the worst part about eating vegetables	Putting them back in the wheelchair when you're done.
What's the best thing about ISIS jokes	...The execution
What do you call a chicken looking at a lettuce	Chicken Caesar Salad
What is a mathematicians favorite Eagles song	Take it to the limit. RIP Glenn Frey
What's the capital of Canada	Tim Hortons.
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout	A boy scout comes home from camp.
What do you call a pair of stubborn testicles	A refuse sack.
Q: What's gray and comes in pints	A: An elephant.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my cock in your ass
What do you get when you drop a piano on a toddler	A flat minor
What's up	Up is the Y-axis relative vertical direction opposed to down.
What's great when you're at work, and terrible when you're in bed	Getting off early
What do you give a girl who already has everything	Antibiotics
What's the problem with leptokurtic data sets	They tend to be mean.
What animal runs around happily with 5 legs	A pit bull in a kindergarten
What's the difference between a Terrorist training camp and a Pakistani kindergarten	Shit I dunno, I just fly the drone.
What did the barfly say to the other barfly	I saved you a stool.
What's the difference between YouTube and Redtube	My YouTube experience lasts longer than 10 seconds.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Cigarette, and you take him for a drag.
What do you call a natural blonde who dies her hair	Artificial intelligence.
What is a spaceman's favorite chocolate	A marsbar!
What do churches and guns have in common	They both go PEW PEW PEW
What do you get if you cross a spider and an  elephant	I'm not sure but if you see one walking across the ceiling then run before it collapses !
What is the Easter Bunny's favourite kind of story	A cotton tale!
What did the Buddhist get for Christmas	Presence.
What do terrorists eat	Allah snack bar. They say its the bomb!
What's the turnover rate for pornstars	100%
What is a guy with multi-tasking called	Husband.
what's the difference between reddit and 9gag	A week
What do you call people who use sandpaper to remove any evidence that Ernie and Bert are gay lovers	Bernie Sanders.
What's the difference between an ISIS training camp and an elementary school	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hit was the wall
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death	Isaac newton died a virgin
What do you do if you see your stepmother hobbling around in the backyard	Reload.
What happens when your scrotum touches the edge of the toilet bowl	Ebowla.
What does a Miami Heat fan do when his team wins the NBA Finals	He turns off the video game system.
What's the difference between a 13 year old girl and a cow	No really, what's the difference? I accidentally mixed up all the meat in my freezer.
What do you call an autistic stoner	A baked potato
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common	They're married.
What is a Mexicans Favorite book	TE-QUILA MOCKINGBIRD!
What do you get when you put a bunch of roosters into a compactor	A cock block!
What do you call a destroyed bomb shelter in Poland	A helter-skelter Hitler shelter.
What's the wrong way to feed the cat	to the dog.
What do men with big dicks eat for breakfast	If you had one you would know.
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breath through something so small?
Whats the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeves
What's your best mattress joke	Trying to win a new mattress in a contest and I need a clean mattress joke to win (dumb, I know)
What's the difference between a male and a female	(Just hear me out.) Iron.
What did the upset horse use to row his boat	A saddle.
What do you get when you cross a firecracker and a duck	A firequacker.
What do you call an octopus that's missing one tentacle	Octopus Prime.
What do you call two gay guys in a sleeping bag	A fruit roll-up
What's the difference between a zoo in Louisiana and a zoo anywhere else	In Louisiana, next to the plaque with the animal's name, they've got a good recipe.
What are green and smell like pork	Kermit's fingers
What do you call a cannibal who eats quadriplegics	Vegetarians.
Q: What did one tomato say to the other	A: Catch up.
What is the internal temperature of a Taunton	Luke warm.
What did the french food critic say when he was given a savoury pancake	It's crepe
What's big and grey and lives in a lake in Scotland	The Loch Ness Elephant !
What's the capital of Greece	Right now about $2.55 AUD.
What's the difference between a hippy chick and a hockey chick	A hockey chick showers every 3 periods.
What has 16 balls and 3 pubic hairs	A sleepover at Michael Jacksons house
What's the best part about having sex with ninety-nine year olds	There's ninety of 'em.
What is the biggest similarity between the average Redditor and a lumberjack	They both sleep all night and whack all day!
What's the difference between Olive Garden and Reddit	At Olive Garden the servers actually work.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A Meow-tain
What do you call a gay dentist	A tooth fairy
What did the gallon of pasteurized milk say to the other	No homo.
What do you call Israelis that overly spray tan	Orange Jews!
What should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and say sorry!
What do a communist and a nihilist have in common	It's all the same to them
What did the astrophysicist say to the quark	You matter.
What's big, red, and eats rocks	A big red rock eater.
What do the morbidly obese and podophiliacs have in common	[NSFW] They can only get off with their feet.
What is the difference between a cheap whore and an expensive whore	One is your mom; the other one gets paid more.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	pt 2 A boomer-WRONG!
What's good on pizza but not on pussy	Crust
What is a condom with a hole	Kinder Surprise
What does a ghost drink	Boo's.
What do you call two ants running away	Antelope!
What's Irish and stays out all night	Paddy O'Furniture
What do you have when lounge chairs multiply	- Baby Sitters. Two chaise... - that's Sofa King Funny!!
What do you call a deer with no eyes that isn't moving	Still no idea.
What did the fish say when it rammed into a wall	Dam!
What do they call Reddit in France	Ribbit
Whats the difference between a wife and a job	After ten years the job still sucks.
What did one elevator say to the other	I think I'm coming down with something.
What do you call a group of poor homeless people that show up to a party	Party paupers
What three streets in Chicago rhyme with vagina	Paulina, Melvina and Lunt.
What do you call an alligator that wears a vest	An Investigator
What did the urologist say to his patient who forgot to take his medication	Urine trouble!
What do you give a sick snake	Asp-rin !
What is Hitler's favorite thing to eat	Not seafood.
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell. She's got a grenade in her mouth.
Q: Whats the difference between a 90s woman and a - computer	A: A 90s woman won't accept a three-and-a-half-inch floppy.
What do you call the girls who outrun me	Virgins.
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other unemployed cancer cell	Let's get Jobs. Found in the comments of a /r/til post by /u/laurelwraith
What's the difference between Twitter and Game of Thrones	Twitter only allows 140 characters.
What does Snoop Dogg eat when he visits Montreal	Smoked Meat Every Day.
What kind of thief steals meat	A hamburglar.
What do a baby and a martini have in common	I prefer both of them shaken
What do you call a potato that thinks he is in charge	A Dictator
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's fingers
What does having sex with a hooker and bungee jumping have in common	If the rubber brakes, you're screwed.
What kind of bird lays electric eggs	A battery hen !
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit's finger.
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor	Where's my tractor
Q: What does Bill Clinton have in common with former great Presidents	A: Absolutely nothing.
Q: What insect lives on nothing	A: Moths, because they eat holes.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and an agnostic	Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
What kind of a battery does Dj Khaled use	A Li-ion battery.
What's the difference between a weatherman and an overweight doctor that handles the urinary tract	One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.
[OC] What do you call authentic Italian wine harvested in January	Genu[w]ine.
What do you call the smallest Superman in the world	.. Quark Kent.
What did Freddy Mercury have for breakfast	Bacon and AIDS (I'm so sorry Freddy)
What do a Mexican and a cue ball have in common	the harder you hit 'em the more english you get
What would the Pilsbury Doughboy be if photos of him were constantly being put on magazine covers	A roll model.
What did the sarcastic left hand say to the right hand	You always think you're right!
What's worse than a chick telling you she only thinks of you as a friend	When she says she thinks of you like a brother.
What do you call a bad hair day for Donald Trump	A real toupee in the ass.
What's the difference between a kid and a cat	Who has the diploma when you get rid of them.
What happens when you put the energizer bunny's battery's in backwards	He keeps coming and coming and coming.
What do you call two gay rednecks	Super Smash Brothers
What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa	Claus-trophobic
What do r/jokes subscribers and Catholic priests have in common	Both think the shorter the better.
What does batman take in his whiskey	Just ice.
What is the difference between and joke and two dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What did the keyboard say to the mouse	stop with the cheesey jokes!
What did the racist ask Santa for	A white Christmas.
What do corals get stressed about	Current events.
Whats the highest grade you can get in the trap	B's
What do you call a plane's vagina	A cock pit
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye-deer!
[OC] What is Hillary Clinton's favorite video game	Super-Pac man.
What do you call 8 rabbits	a rabbyte
What's the difference between a yoghurt and America	If you leave a yoghurt for 200 years, it will eventually develop a culture. Plus the yoghurt's fat free.
What did the frog say in the massage parlor	Rubbit.
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better perk up or they're going to think we're nuts!
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a  phone booth	A1: You need a quarter to use the phone.
What did the vertebrate say to the invertebrate	Always thought you was a bit spineless.
What's the difference between amnesia and alzheimers	I can't remember.
What's the difference between an arts student and a table	A table can support itself
What do you call a joke that only works written down instead of told orally	A [sic] joke
Whats the difference between a dog and a fox	About 8 pints
What do we want	Race car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwww
What do you call an Italian that has taken Viagra	Al dente
What do you call a docks nanny	An Au'Peir
What do Buddhists eat to help keep themselves balanced both physically and spiritually	Cottage chi
What do you get if King Kong sits on  your best friend	A flat mate.
What is the only part of a vegetable you cannot eat	The wheelchair.
What's the worst part of having a girl repeatedly calling another mans name during sex	Wondering who the hell names their son Rape.
What is the cheapest kind of meat	Deer balls they are under a buck!
What do you get when you have an Asian and MLP	My Little Penis
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	One is a super hero. The other is a simple command.
What's the worst part about making out with a perfect 10	The cold feeling on your lips when you realize you're kissing the mirror
What's long, hard, and covered in people	The Great Wall of China, pervert.
Q: What do you get when you play a new age song backwards	A: A new age song.
Q: What happens when you eat bullets	A: Your hair grows out in bangs.
Whats blue and pretty on top, and brown and kind of a bummer in the bottom	The Mediterranean Sea.
What is a proletariat cannibal's favorite food	A double cheese bourger.
What do you call ten sets of bagpipes at the bottom of the sea	A start.
What does the Starship Enterprise have in common with toilet paper	They both circle Ur-anus in search of cling- ons. Boom! Still got it.
What is a misogynist	A misogynist is anyone winning an argument with a feminist.
What did the doctor say to the speeding commuter	Thank you for your patients.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle, and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	Attire.
What did Katy Perry steal from Dr. Frankenstein's closet	The Tie of the Igor.
What are a ninjas favourite type of shoes	Sneakers!!
What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle	You can't violin with the electric meter
What body regulates the welfare of Santa's workers	The Elf and Saftey Executive.
What word starts with ""n"" and you never want to call a black person	Neighbor
What do snake charmers do in the rain	Turn on their windshield vipers.
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall	Dam
What do you call a Chinese millionaire	Cha Ching
What do you get if you cross a woodpecker  with a carrier pigeon	A bird who knocks before delivering its message !
What kind of car does Yoda drive	A Toy-Yoda
What do you call someone with no arms or legs	Jeffrey. Knock knock, Who's there? NOT JEFFREY
What's the best way to make a bull sweat	Put him in a tight jumper !
[Jewish Joke] What happens when a Jew with an erection walks into a wall	They break their nose. (note - I'm Jewish so this is OK)
What do you call a man who's always in high spirits	An alcoholic.
What's the best thing about having a girlfriend who is addicted to Starbucks	You'll never forget her name.
What do you get when a cow jumps over a barbed-wire fence	Utter destruction!
What is brown and sticky	A stick!
What did the silly boy take his bicycle to bed with him	Because he didn't want to walk in his sleep.
What do we say to the god of procrastination	Not today.
What's the difference between erotic and kinky	Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use a whole chicken.
What does a Jew, in Poland with a Stomach ache have	The Auschits
What do you call a black guy having sex	RAPE
What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke	Nigerian Prince Thanks r/askreddit for the idea
What do you call three Irish lumberjacks	Tree fellers Edit: Wooo gold!
What's the name of A support group for transgender superheroes	The Ex Men.
What do you give a Greek man with a scratchcard	A coin to scratch it with.
What do you call a james bond film about a calculator	Casio royale
What does a Christian terrorist say before blowing up	JESUS HALLELUJAH
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you	Nacho cheese. ...Ba-doom-tish.
What do you call 50 female pigs and 50 male deer	A hundred sows and bucks.
What's the difference between a condom and the congress	You can only fit one dick inside a condom.
What happened when the astrophysicist lost a competition	He got a constellation prize.
What did our parents do to kill boredom before the internet	I asked my 13 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
What did Hannibal Lector have for breakfast	Kevin Bacon. ... And Jon Hamm. ^^I'll ^^show ^^myself ^^out.
What did the Mississippi girl say when she lost her virginity	Get off me Daddy you're crushin' my cigarettes.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You would think R, but pirates really have a passion of the seas.
What will you find in the toilet of a ship	The captains log.
What do you call a Roman with pubic hair in his teeth	Gladiator
What do you call a American football team full of retards	Special teams
What do you call a person who speaks three languages	Trilingual! Two Languages? Bilingual! Only one language? Americans~
What's Jerry Lewis's favorite vitamin	riboFLAVIN
What was an elephant doing on the freeway	About 5 miles per hour.
What did the suicide bomber from the Rebel Alliance say before detonating	ADMIRAL ACKBAR!
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit	BA-NA-NA-NA!
What do you call a man who cleans out toilets	Lou !
What do you call a rap battle	Black-on-black rhyme
What do you call a Mexican rolling in sand	A churro.
What takes up 12 parking spaces	Six women drivers.
What is everyone using to scrape ice off their windscreen	This morning I used a discount card from my wallet, but it was no good. I only got 20% off.....!!
What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common	They both get laid by Mexicans.
What lies on its back, 100 feet in the air	A dead centipede.
What is something that is brown and sticky	A stick.
What do you get when you cross a Rat and a Mountain Climber	Nothing, you can't cross a vector by a scalar. EDIT: changed multiply to cross.
What do you call a horny man ghost hunting	A **boo**ty call.
What do cows get when they do all their chores	Mooney.
What does a beggar and a PHP programmer have in common	They both work on crowded platforms.
What's the difference between a man and an octopus	Octopus: eight tentacles, each its own neural structure that offloads work from the brain Human Male: one tentacle which controls brain
What do you call a woman made out of beef	Patty
What's the difference between Tim Howard and Jesus	Jesus had 11 guys he could depend on.
What kind of fish would you want to go to bed with	A cuddlefish! (corny I know)
What's the best part of dating a quadriplegic	Spinning her like a top when she rides you cowboy style.
What do Marylanders call their ex-girlfriends	Old Bay.
What do you call a midget Mexican	A paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay!!!
What do you call someone who like massages but hates women	A massagynist
What do you get when you cross a sheltie and a cantaloupe	A melon collie.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef
What should we call this portable computer	SOME GUY: Laptop [everyone applauds...w/ tears in my eyes i crumple a paper that says Kneeputer]
What weighs 150lbs, stands in the kitchen and takes the piss out of your underpants	A washing machine.
What's the difference between a tennis ball and a white cop who kills a black teen	The tennis ball will actually see a day in court.
What's DJ Khaleds favourite number	11 because it has another 1.
Whats the derivative of Amazon	Amazon prime.
What is the best part of Pokemon Go	I can ride my bike indoors and professor oak can't do anything to stop me.
What is it called when men have sex with each other in the military	Tactical Insertion.
What do you get when you cross a child and an alligator	An alligator.
What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a scottish shepard	One says "" Hey you get off my cloud"", and the other says ""Hey McCloud get off my ewe!
What did the bunny say to the frog	[My name is Rabbit, not ribbit!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYkDxsaHlkg)
What happens when two self-driving cars crash into each other	*RECALCULATING....*
What's Hitler's favorite video game	Mein Kraft
What is the difference between a calendar and you	A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.
What Is the Difference Between a ISIS Training Camp and a Iraqi School	Can't Tell the Fucking Difference, I just fly the drone.
What's the difference between a Palestinian woman and a Mackerel	... One is greasy with big eyes. The other's a fish.
What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo	One's heavy and the other is a little lighter...
what jerk ever looked at a hamburger and thought ""you know what this needs	A nice, soft, warm piece of lettuce.
What do you call a teenage girl that doesn't masturbate	A liar. Post your jokes you wouldn't tell your mother.
What did one fly say to the other	'your man is down'
[Slightly NSFW] What's the difference between a computer and a woman	Computers will take floppies.
Q: What do you call a powerful black guy	A: Obama.
What programming languages would we use if C didn't exist	Ans: PASAL, OBOL and BASI
What's the quietest album in the world	Stephen Hawking - unplugged
What goes round the middle of the Internet	The e-quator.
What do you call a lazy Italian at the gym	...Mussolini
What's the Difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts	One's $2.50 and the Other's Under a Buck!
What's similar between an angry cow and one of the most easily detected leptonic decay channels of the z boson	They've both got a muon!
What deal did the undead entrepreneurial cattle farmer advertise	Shit for Brains
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What is a pedophile's favorite type of classical music	Anything in A Minor
What does ever horse and rider do at the same time	Grow old!
What is a computer programmer's favorite moon	Io
What's the difference between the mailman and the priest	The mailman doesn't come on Sunday.
[OC] What did the blind plumber say	I cant see shit.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaaaeeeeyyyyy
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh.
What do you call a cow with Parkinson's	Beef jerky
What's a cat's favorite color	Purrple.
What happens when you mix pandas and ammonium	Pandemonium breaks out.
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down your throat
What do the Welsh call a sheep when it's tied to a lamp post	The leisure centre.
What will be after homo sapiens in evolution	Homo genius.
What do a house and clean clothes have in common	Homeless people have neither.
Q: What did the Egyptian man say to the Egyptian woman	A: ""Come behind the pyramid and I'll make you a mummy!
What did one bridge say to another	Fuck you"" (They were arch enemies)
What do you call the Mexican KKK	The Que Que Que.
What do SpongeBob and LeBron James have in common	They both hit the deck and flop like a fish.
what picture is guaranteed to make the front page of Reddit	Bernie Sanders sitting on a mildly interesting toilet while playing fallout 4
What kind of lizard goes into salad	A Salad-Mander! HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHILARIOUS
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, it won't come anyways.
What's the difference between you and a naked ringneck	One's a plucked pheasant, and I don't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe	... ......Roberto
What's the best thing about having sex with an 8 year old girl	When you're done, you can flip her over and pretend you're having sex with an 8 year old boy...
What are the odds	Daughter: Dad, I'm a lesbian Dad: Its cool 2nd Daughter: Dad, I'm also a lesbian Dad: OMG! Does anyone in this family like dick? Son: I do!
What did Batman say to Robin before he got in the car	Robin, get in the car.
What should you not put in the washer with a load full of towels	A towel full of loads
What's red and bad for your teeth	A Brick.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	bison
What military branch has the largest biceps	The Army.
What's the difference between Jesus and my dad	Jesus promised to come back one day...
What do you call an anarchist grandmother who just found out she's pregnant	Rebel without a menopause.
What's a Pedophile's Favorite Part about Hockey	Getting there before the first period.
What's the hardest object in a kids playground	My penis.
What did the parrot say on Independence Day	Polly wants a firecracker!
What do you call a lesbian with 1,000 semi-automatic guns	Militia Etheridge.
Q: What does a 75-year-old woman have between her breasts that a 25-year-old doesn't	A: Her navel.
What's fat and jolly and runs on eight wheels	Father Christmas on roller skates!
What's the difference between my dick and a motorcycle	Your mom hasn't ridden a motorcycle
What is common between 5 and 7	Brendan Sullivan
What did Holly Holm say to Ronda Rousey's date to the Marine Corps Ball	I hit that.
What is the best thing to take when  you're run over	The number of the car that hit you.
What do you call a man with no body and a nose	Nobody knows!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	(Gagging on big cock noise)
What animal is faster than a cheetah	A cow dropped out of a helicopter.
What rock group has four guys and no singers	Mt. Rushmore! Happy presidents day! http://i.imgur.com/N8LF0HU.png
What did the Jew say when he evaded the Nazi officers	Auschwitz! That was close!
What do you call a female Israelite	A Shebrew
What kind of music can't Ed Sheeran play	Soul
What's the worst part about locking your keys in the car in an abortion clinic parking lot	Going inside to ask for a hanger.
What did Peter rabbit say to his girlfriend when they broke up	Now you're just some bunny that I used to know.
What is the difference between a Caucasian and an Asian	A Cauc.
What do you call a man with a small penis	Justin
What did the dwarf pimp say to the two prostitutes at the beginning of the night	Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go
What kind of environment do hobbits live in	A hobbitat
What do you call the sweat on you while you're having sex with your wife's sister	Relative humidity
What do you call a snobby thief running down your stairs	A condescending con descending.
What do you call 25 attorneys buried up their chin in cement	Not enough cement
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	an Investigator
What did the blind, deaf and dumb kid get for Christmas	Cancer
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Everyone can roast beef
What did the police say to the man who wouldn't go to sleep	He's resisting a rest!
What do you call a group of black people	a group, you racist.
What is he only Jewish bird in the entire bird kingdom	The segal
q: what's brown and sits on the piano, steaming	a: Beethoven's 1st movement.
What is irony	When the last person you want to see is the last person you see.
What do you call a pig making cookies	Bakin'!
What do you call an Asian guy with a great work ethic	Task Oriental.
What do people in the hood enjoy eating	Spaghetto
What do Little Miss Moffat and Saddam Hussein have in common	They both have curds in their whey.
What came in the mail today	Anthrax.
What do you call the mineral found in teeth and tooth enamel	Apatite.
What is it called when you ride around on a horse asking people questions	A gallop poll.
What's the worst thing to say to a friend you see on a plane	Hi Jack!
What's common to the cockpit of a modern fighter aircraft and the inside of a headhunter's hut	The heads-up display
What did the boy with no arms or legs get for Christmas	I don't know, he couldn't open it.
What's the difference between a prostitute's vagina and r/Jokes	The vagina gets new, *original* content injected into it regularly.
What's the difference between a corvette and a blowjob	Your mom didn't give me a corvette
What type of dog did the tweaker have	A pure bred meth lab.
What do you call a person who consume too much spicy good	Butthurt.
What kind of pants does agent Mulder wear	Just a pair 'a normal pants.
What's the name of that German Video game with the polite gorilla	Danke Kong
What does an agnostic man with insomnia and dyslexia do in his free time	He stays awake all night wondering if there's a Dog.
What does Melania see in Donald Trump	10 billion dollars and high Cholesterol
What is it called when you give money to a plains bison	A buffaloan!
What's a Christian's favourite guitar chord	G-sus
What did one of Frankenstein's ears say to the other	I didn't know we lived on the same block.
What do you call it when a frog jumps off a bridge	Kermitting suicide.
What did the pilot say to the Vietnamese mechanic underneath the plane	You are the Nguyen beneath my wings
What do you call 5 guys who have no arms or legs and a woman floating in the water together	Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob and Ann
What do you call a troop of rabbits marching single-file in reverse	A receding hare line.
What did Simba say to his dad when he was moving too slow	Mufasa!
Whats the dumbest animal in the jungle	Polar bear
What do you get from a short-legged cow	Dragon milk!
What happened when a man fell in love with a grand piano	He said ""Darling you've got lovely teeth.
What has nine arms and blows	Def Leppard
What is the most popular bank in Wales	Welsh Fargo... ...gramps made me do it.
what do you get when you cross an octopus with a human	thrown in jail for public indecency and banned from the aquarium for life.
What's the best form of protection when you don't have a condom	A fake name
What do you call an asshole who can see the future	A 4chan teller
What do you call The Dynamic Duo after they got hit by a steamroller	Flatman and Ribbon
What did Montenegro's internet domain name say when it broke up with Yugoslavia	It's not yu it's me.
What's Hitler's least favorite month	Jewn
What is a detective duck supposed to do	Quack the case! I'll show myself out.
What do you call it when a deer and a rabbit runaway together	Jackaloping
What do you call a cow that stopped producing milk	An udder failure.
What happened to the hippy chemistry teacher when he spilled his chemicals	He tripped on acid
[NSFW] What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes	How was your date with Chris Brown.
What did the french chef say when the cheese factory exploded	Looks like we have debris all over the place
What do you call a depressed gang member	An emoji... Emo g, get it? From my 13 year old son
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog	[nsfw] At least when you are eating pussy, you can see the asshole infront of you.
What's fat and hairy and lives under a bridge	A troll, but here in r/Jokes we call them feminists
What did the police say to the hot dog	You are under arrest.
What did Gandhi say to the British, after they asked him to move	Nah, mastay
What's the difference between a cow and the Twin Towers	You can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac spend most of his time doing	Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
What do dogs have that no other animal has	Puppy dogs !
What did the human torch say before he cooked the beef	**FILET MIGNON!**
Q: What do you call counterfeited German currency	A: Question marks.
What would you call the mailman if he got fired	I don't know, just some dude.
What did the cannibal girl do after she dumped her boyfriend	Wiped her butt.
What's the best way to see a charging herd  of elephants	On television !
What do somolian pirates use as weapons	Arrrrpg's
What is Harrison Ford called when he smokes weed	Han So-high.
What sound does a fratboy make when he hits the water	DOUCHE
What type of classical music do chickens like best	Bach.
What's Jay-z's favorite store	Bed, bath and Beyond-ce.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't return	Stick
What is the Revenant about	The unbearable lengths one man will go to get his revenge and win an Oscar.
What kind of room has no walls	A mushroom!
What is today's special at Google's employee cafeteria	Alphabet Soup.
What do you call a stoner dinosaur	A Smokealottapottapus.
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common	They both have 'the' as their middle names !
What do rattlesnakes and condoms have in common	I don't fuck with either of them!
What did the burger say to the other burger	Aw man, it's my big moment, I'm getting served to someone! I hope I don't *ham* it up!"" The other burger looks at him. ""Holy shit, a talking burger.
What's heavier, 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers	Your mother.
What kind of fish is made of only two sodium molecules	2 na
Whats the difference between a pick pocket and a pedophile	The pickpocket snatches watches. * * * * * The pedophile watches snatches
what's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a capitalist Bernie Sanders	Earning Sanders.
What kind of car does Hillary Clinton drive	A Subaru
What's the difference between jews and scouts	The scouts come home from the camp.
What's the second hardest thing in the morning	Getting out of the bed!
What do you call religious pasta	Raviholy.
what is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	snowballs...
What's 3 inches long, stiff, and makes people laugh	My dick.
What type of cheese is strong	Shredded cheese.
What do you get when you cross a Jedi with a nun	a force of habit
What's the difference between a bumble bee and someone with allergies	One is a pollinator. The other is a pollen-hater.
What do you call the website Chewbacca started that gives out Empire secrets	Wookieeleaks
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly	I can't Jelly my dick into you.
what did the boy with no arms get for Christmas	I don't know, he hasn't opened it yet
What do you call a shity poet	A poo'et
What do you call a zoo that only has one dog	A shit-zoo.
What is Aloe Blacc's real name	Bye Bye White
What has 1 hand, 3 legs, 6 feet, and 2 heads	The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
What's O. J. Simpson's Internet address	Slash slash backslash slash slash escape.
What did the depressed dolphin say	I need a porpoise.
What do you call a mexican midget	A speck.
What do you call a guy that can't make a joke	A dead one.
What did the penis say to the condom	**""Cover me! I'm going in!""**
What do you call someone who spends the whole time on their phone whenever you hang out	A phoney friend!
What did the cat cough up when it was sick	Meowcus
What do you call a possessed chicken	Poultrygeist.
What did the buffalo say before sending his son off to college	Bison.
What kind of floor do dinosaurs' bathrooms have	Rep-tiles.
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels	Jack Daniels is still killing Indians
What's better than winning the Special Olympics	Not being in the Special Olympics
What's a clown's favorite thing to eat	Really anything that's heavy enough to beat somebody to death with, such as a motorcycle helmet or a cannonball.
What do you call a chica on the go	Chicago
What do you usually find with four Catholics	A fifth.
What does a gift and a black man have in common	White children get immense joy after tearing one open
What did the homeless yogi say when told to leave the yoga studio	Nah, I must stay.
What do you call a bad Cubs game	Unbearable
What do you call a vegetable optometrist	A sea cucumber.
What famous actor is like a jail cell full of white guys	Niggaless Cage (My girlfriend came up with this today. We're not racist I swear. This just cracked me up.)
What's a panda's favourite drink	Bambooze
What sock do you put on last	The one that's left.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods	Santa stops after three HOs.
What do you call a female to male sex change	An Addadictomy.
What do you call a handjob in a swimming pool	A pull noodle
What kind of shoes to frogs like	Open toad sandals !
What is a drug	A drug is a substance which when injected into a guinea pig produces a scientific paper.
What's one thing today that women are better at than men compared to the 1800's	Gold digging
What is an Hommish woman's fantasy	Two Mennonite
What's the hardest part about being a Vegan who does Crossfit and owns a Rescue dog	Deciding which to tell people first.
What's the first step in getting accepted to carpentry school	Submitting a stool sample.
What is a chameleon's motto	A change is as good as a rest !
What do auditioning for an acting role and playing sports have in common	If you break a leg, you get cast
What crime did the impotent rapist commit	Viagra-vated Assault.
What do you call a pro-gamer	An ath1337
What is a happy cowboy's favorite candy	A jolly rancher.
What's black, has eight legs, and makes a woman scream	Gangrape
What does a Polish groom give his bride for their wedding that is long and hard	A new last name.
What kind of fish has no father and looks like shit	A Bassturd.
What does a death row inmate get after their last meal	Their just desserts.
What did one leg say to the other	Shorty's growin a beard.
What's the difference between a Bitch and a Slut	A Slut fucks everyone. A Bitch fucks everyone but you.
What's brown and sticky	a stick
Whats Kim Kardashian and the Middle East got in common	Both are covered in oil, huge, and been invaded by the West.
What did the string say to the harp	No, you're a lyre!
What's the difference between a vacuum and a Harley Davidson	The position of the dirtbag
What happens when the Batman sees Catwoman	The Dark Knight Rises.
What do you get if you cross 50 Shades of Grey with Blurred Lines	A greydient
What is the difference between a dead baby and an orange	[NSFW] I don't fuck an orange after i peel its skin off
What's the difference between... What's the difference between a women's track team and a pack of intelligent pygmies	The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts...
What do you call a piece of spaghetti that steals people's identities	An impasta!
What's the difference between a joke on Reddit and a joke on 9Gag	About a day.
What are the options	Air Hostess to passenger: ""Sir would you like to have dinner?"" Passenger: ""What are the options?"" Air Hostess: ""Yes and No.
What's the best way to turn a pussy into a dick	Give it a badge.
What do you call a gay Ginger	Flaming.
What do hillbillies do on Halloween	Pumpkin.
Whats better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ
What were the Kamikaze Pilot's last words	Watch this cause i'll only do it once.
What do you call it... ...when you get head from a black girl and a white girl at the same time	Marblehead
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He flushed.
What do you feel when you accidentally run over and kill a group of geese crossing the road	Goosebumps
What do you give an alligator who is having trouble hearing	A gator-aid. Bet you did see that one coming:P
Q: What's a conservative	A: A liberal who made it through adolescence.
What is a geometry teachers favorite movie	Angles in the Outfield
What do Donald Trump and the Chinese have in common	Im not going to make a shit joke about a wall get out of here
What do gym junkies and Nicki Minaj have in common	They both inject a lot of cash into their ass.
What happens in a battle between storm troopers and red shirts	(Star Trek) The storm troopers all miss, and the red shirts all die
What's the best part about Dragon Ball Z	Find out in the next episode of Dragon! Ball! Z!
What is Romeo and Juliets least favorite fruit	Cantaloupe.
What do you call an Asian pornstar	Wun-Hung-Lo
What should you do if a bird poos on your car	Don't ask her out again
What happens when a necrophiliac goes to a funeral	He gets mourning wood.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a baby	Eric Clapton would have never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What's big heavy furry dangerous and has sixteen wheels	A monster on roller-skates.
What you get when you turn a blonde woman upside down	A brunette with bad breath.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew	Santa Claus goes down the chimney.
What do you call a vampire who owns a restaurant	Count Spatula
What do you call lonely cheese	Prov-alone
What do you call a Robotic Abortion Doctor	The Terminator
What do you call a hookers fart	A prosti-toot
What do you call a Japanese boy who just got beat by his dad after getting got masterbating	A fap happy jappy with a slap happy pappy.
What do you say when you friendzone a brony	Friendship is magic.
What did the number 1 say to  (pi)	Let's get rational you can't carry on like this!
Q: What is the difference between a violin and a  viola	A: A viola burns longer.
What's the difference between a black man and batman	A black guy can't go a night without robin.
What does a flamboyantly gay Gingerbread man do when he gets angry	He ginger-snaps. http://i49.tinypic.com/22gqk7.jpg
What do mathematicians drink	Anything to ease the pain.
What do laws and virgins have in common	They're both there to be violated. (The sad part is that a Portuguese Taxi Driver actually said that seriously in a protest against Uber)
What type of jokes do planets tell each other	Cosmic jokes.
What is the best use for a wet dog	[x-post from /r/MeanJokes] Getting the smell of white people out of your house.
Q: What does Clinton do to lose weight	A: Runs away from the draft.
What is punctuation's favorite curry	L&amp;a
What's the difference between a gay guy and my refrigerator	My fridge doesn't shit on me when I pull my meat out of it!
What did the cannibal say to the explorer	''Nice to meat you''!
What do you call an Irish-Canadian	a Mickey Moose
What's the difference between a Toaster and Hitler	A toaster can only burn two things at once.
Whats the worst part about being a news reporter	The shootings
What's the difference between a feminist and a bomb vest	The bomb vest actually does something when triggered.
What do you get when you combine a penis and a potato	A dictator.
What do you call a guy who refuses to serve people from Finland at his bar	A man with unfinnished buisness.
What's a Call of Duty player's favorite social media website	Fazebook
What does velcro yell as it charges into battle	ATTACH!
What is a hooker in Alaska called	A frostitute!
What kind of dog did Dracula have	A Bloodhound.
What has 200 teeth and holds back Godzilla	My zipper
What is the most overused force in science	Van der Waals.
What do you call a pony with a cough	A little hoarse!!!
What's the difference between New Jersey girls and trash	Trash gets picked up.
What do you find in the filing cabinets of a law firm	Organised crime.
What's the difference between premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction	One's pretty quick, the other's a quitty prick.
What does a Transvestite do on Xmas day	Eat, drink and be Mary.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
What are Kierkegaard's two favourite fruits	Melon and Broccoli!
What did Gorbachev say when the USSR collapsed	So ve it.
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole	Trump's tie
What did the Jamaican Priest say to the Baker's rolls	You a cinnamon.
What lurks in the dark, has wings and sucks blood	The new Always Ultra.
What do you call a hooker fart	A prosti-toot
What's the pound's new name	The ounce
What is the generic name for Viagra	Mycoxafloppin
What's Tarzan's favourite Christmas song	Jungle bells.
What does a Texas tornado and a Tennessee divorce have in common	Either way, someone is losing a trailer.
What does a blender full of dead babies sound like	I dunno, I was too busy masturbating...
What does ISIS and Little Miss Muffet have in common	They both have Kurds in their way.
What side dish do frogs like to enjoy with their hamburgers	French Flies!
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear	White vans
What did the bra say to the hat	I've got these two covered, you go on a head.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross-country.
What do you call a chain of singing islands	An acapellago.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	[NSFW] I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
What did the angel say when he saw God make the element Phosphorus	It's a match made in Heaven!
What do you call a gay Dinosaur	Dead.
What did the gay horse say to the straight horse	Heeeeeeyyyyyy
What did the egg say to the boiling water	How can you expect me to get hard so fast? I just got laid a minute  ago.
What's the difference between a male and female chocolate Easter bunny	About a quarter inch of chocolate
What's brown and black and looks good on a hippy	A rottweiller.
Q: What were the three toughest years in Al Gore's life	A: Grade six.
What holiday do Jewish bridges celebrate	Passover.
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall	DAM!  (airplane stewardess told me and had me on ground laughing)
What do you call two fruits that can't get married	Cantaloupes
What do you call a car crash caused by Hitler	An axisdent
What do you do with a bachelor who thinks he's  God's gift	Exchange him.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a detective	Santa Clues. Credit: Curious: The Tourist's Guide
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	A Japanese business man wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on his face
What's blue and white, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you	A fridge with a denim jacket on.
What does the Dodge driver say when someone knocks the door	Cummins.
What do Russians use to censor websites	The Inter-nyet.
What is grey, very big and when it falls out of a tree the stove breaks	The stove.
What did one Egyptian say to the other Egyptian after they both farted	Hey we have a toot in common.
What do you call a masseuse that only massages men	A misogynist.
What do you call a guy with no arms or legs in a lake	Bob
What do you call a soldier with long arms	An army soldier
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before.
What do you call a 100 year old ant	An antique !
What do you do if you see a space man	(my favorite one liner ever) you park your car in it, man
What did the DNA say to the RNA	Uracil-y structure!
What do you call a potted cactus that has grown in the shape of a penis	A dildon't
Q:What happens when your GF illegally downloads a movie	A:She becomes PirateBae
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Q: What is the difference between a banjo and a South American Macaw	A: One is loud obnoxious and noisy; the other is a bird.
What does it mean when a chameleon cant change color	Reptile - disfunction
What do you call a sleeping pizza	A pizzza
What geometric figure is like a runaway  parrot	A polygon .
What is an Actor	A man who tries to be everything but himself
What did J. Robert Oppenheimer say after inventing the weedwhacker	I am become death, destroyer of weeds.
What would you get if you cross breed a Borg with a Ferengi	A scientologist.
What begins with S, ends with X and will change your life	Smallpox
What does a prostitute wear on her feet	Whore shoes.
What else happens when Donald Trump takes Viagra	His hands get bigger.
What do you do when your daughter says batman raped her	Switch to the spiderman outfit.
What did the psychiatrist say to the crazy naked guy wrapped in cellophane	Clearly, I can see your nuts.
What do you call a black guy who plays the piano	a pianist
What did the animal killer scream as he attacked the alpaca farm in Tibet	DIIIIIEEEEE LLAMA!
What's the best part of having Alzheimer's	You get to meet new people everyday!
What is a Freudian slip	It's when you say one thing but fuck your mother
What do you call a carpenter who needs fewer nails	Jesus
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Punch her in the stomach.
What do you call it when your lizard doesn't know how to use the internet	e-reptile dysfunction
What does a Native American Biologist live in	ATP
What car does Catwoman drive	A Purrgeot.
What happens to someone who gets attacked by bees	They get bee'd up
What did the scientist say before he died by mixing Hydroxide and Nitrate	OH^- NO^3+ !
What is the difference between an Eskimo and a eunuch	One is a frigid midget with a rigid digit, the other is a massive vassal with a passive tassel (found this in Horace's Satires)
What's the preferred beer of Dogme 95	Natural Light.
What does a slave owner do with his slaves when he's finished with them	Races 'em.
What do you call a dog from another planet	A dal-martian
What do you do if an Elephant comes through your window	Swim for your life!
What kind of ants are very learned	Pedants !
What's Snoop Dogg's favorite time of day	Tree O'clock!
What do you call a carpet cleaning company based out of Ohio	Cleveland Steamers
What do you call a pickle that draws	A dillustrator.
What song was playing at Pulse last Saturday night	It's Raining Men
What do you call Tums in suppository form	Bums
What do you call 5 black people having sex in the 1800's	A threesome.
What drink can wrongly convict a black man	Tequila Mockingbird
What kind of people have the most beautiful eyes	Beekeepers. Because beauty is in the eye of the beeholder.
What do you call one black on the moon	Problem. What do you call ten blacks on the moon? Problems. What do you call the entire black population on the moon? Problem solved.
What's an Xbox fanboys' least favourite film	P.S. I Love You
What's your favorite tasteless 9-11 joke	Here's mine. Knock knock. Who's there? 911. 911 who? You said you'd never forget
What's Beethoven's favourite fruit	BA-NA-NA-NA!
what do you call a pissed off group of door handles	An angry knob
What's the difference between Sebastian Vettel and a jew	The facial expression when you hit the gas.
What did the Pacific Ocean say to the Atlantic Ocean	Nothing, they just waved.
What's red, white and sits in a hole in a tree	A sanitary owl
Whats the difference between jews and boy scouts	Boy scouts come home from camp
What kind of car does a pirate drive	A Yarrrrrrrrris.
What does it mean when a man makes eye contact with a woman while she speaks	Her tits aren't nice
What does a stegosaurus eat off of	His plates. -Jude; My five-year-old son
What's blue and smells like red paint	blue paint
What do you call a group of polar bears that support Donald Trump	A basket of depolarbears
What do you call a sexually aroused caveman	Homo Erectus.
What's Darth Vader's corrupt brother's name	Taxi Vader
What do you call an all you can eat pizza buffet	Carb Blanche!
What did the tectonic plate say to the other tectonic plate when he bumped into the him	Sorry, my fault.
What do Coors Light and sex in a canoe have in common	They're both fucking close to water.
What climate scientist does Disney follow on twitter	The rogue one
What's less funny than /r/Funny	/r/Jokes
What is the difference between arguing with a knife and arguing with your girlfriend	The knife has a point.
What do the Canadian Illuminati call themselves	The Illuminat-Eh!
What's The Difference Between Snowmen, &amp; Snow Women	Snowballs.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	Wataaahh
What's Shaking	Not Ali....
What makes a great pizza joke	It's all in the delivery.
What do you call a masterbating zombie	A Deadbeat.
What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite film	It's fucking Frozen.
What is the dumbest joke you've ever come up with, while at work or in school	Go!
What's Rickon Starks favourite band	One Direction
What do you give a girl that has everything	Penicillin
What do you call black characters in Ferris Bueller's Day Off	Niggas in Ferris.
What is Black, White and Red all over	My English Monologue Draft...
What do you call a quote with inhuman like abilities	A Super Saying
What do you call 1000 emo kids at the bottom of the ocean	A good start.
What do you call 2 Chainz when he gets fat	2 Chinz
What do you call a scary philosopher	Aristartle
What do you call a stick that's good at algebra..	AN ARITHMESTICK.
What do you call a dolphin that is out of the water	Dolphout
What do you call people with big ears	Nothing, they might hear you
What do you call a parrot wearing a raincoat	Polyunsaturated
What's worse than a cardboard box	Paper tits.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 10 years
What do you call a dictatorship founded on the principles of Ethos, Logos &amp; Pathos	An Aristotalitarian Regime.
What was the name of King Arthur's fattest knight	Sir Cumference. (He ate too much pi)
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on ahead, I'm gonna give these two a lift.
What do asparagus and anal sex have in common	The more it's forced on you as a child, the more you dislike it as an adult.
Whats the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter	Harry can escape the chamber.
what is the best gift for a jehovah's witness	an advent calender all those doors so many possibiltes.
What's the fastest way to get a female Officer to arrest you	Liquor.
What did I say when my Neutrogena products worked	well I'm glad I've gotten that cleared up
What do you call a nun with a drinking problem	A bad habit
What do you call a chicken coop with 4 doors	A chicken sedan.
What do you call a dead Australian Wrestler	Stone Cold Steve Irwin
What do spinach and anal sex have in common	If it's been forced on you as a child, you won't like it as an adult.
What happens when a woman can't remember her mastectomy	Mammary loss &amp;nbsp; I made this up myself!
What is it called when an old priest and a nun having sex both crap in the bed	Holy fucking shit.
What are Mexican hackers called	BanDDoS
What do you call a construction truck wearing a toupee	a dump trump
What do you call a swiss priest	A Holy Cheese!
What's the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest	A pimple waits until you're 13-years-old before coming on your face.
What's the difference between a virgin and a lightbulb	You can un-screw a lightbulb.
What's the worst thing about being a gynecologist	You can't eat on the job.
What do a Jewish mother-in-law and 60 Minutes have in common	They both always start with tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk...
what is Mozart doing now	decomposing
What do you call a Jewish baby who isn't circumcised	A girl.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An investigator
What do you have in a room full of tweakers	A full set of teeth.
what do you call a fake noodle	An IMPASTA!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas	Bugs Bunny! [ ](http://multivu.prnewswire.com/mnr/warnerbros/42096/images/42096-hi-Bugs_Bunny.jpg)
What do you call an Eagle who can't catch it's prey	*Talon*tless. ...Sorry.
What do you call a group of rappers that masturbate in synchronization	Bone Tugs In Harmony
What's the difference between a thief and a pervert	A thief ~~steals~~ snatches your watch, a pervert watches your snatch. EDIT: I've done fucked it up.
What is worse than a dead baby in a trash can	A dead baby in 6 trash cans.
What is the driest soda you can buy	Baking soda.
Whats the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods	Santa stops at 3 Ho's (sorry if it's a re-post)
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry managed to escape the chamber.
What's the biggest type of tree	A Country.
What do you call a castrated male chicken that runs an illegal moonshine business	Al Capon
What do the Washington Metro system and the Little Mermaid have in common	They're both under DC.
What would you call a social media marketing genius	Masterbaiter
What do a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common	Always have to smell it, never get to eat it.
What's it called when you look in the mirror and say ""jesus christ I look good""	Using the lords name in vanity
What do Marge Simpson's vagina and Argentina have in common	They both got destroyed by Maggie.
What is the fluid capacity of Monica Lewinsky's mouth	1 US Leader.
What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning	I've created a muenster. I know, I know, it was cheesy joke.
What has webbed feet and fangs	Count Quackula.
What do vegan cannibals eat	Only vegetables.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer	The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
What's the best part about having sex with a transvestite	Doing the reach around and pretending you went all the way through.
what did the man say when he tried to get FREA with his dog	oops, forgot the KY
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea	Salad shooter.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	Porcupines have their pricks on the outside
What type of bees make milk...	Boo-bees!
What should you do if your car's engine is running slow	Get it to do some CARdio
What is Yellow and Red	That is *the* ultimate question.
What do you call a Chinese man with a lot of cats and dogs	A pet shop owner you racist scum!
Whats the difference between Paul Walker and Tiger Woods	Tiger Woods has a better driver.
What do you call an arcade game that involves you hitting avocados that pop out of the top of it	Guac-A-Mole.
What's the difference between an Engineering student and an Arts student when tying their shoes	The arts student gets a mark for it.
What's the most popular form of martial arts in Israel	Jew-jitsu
What do you call three lesbians on a bicycle	A trike
What do dumbfounded people eat for desert	Geezcake
What's the difference between love, pure love and excessive love	Blowing Swallowing Gargeling
What does a 9 volt battery have in common with a girl's butt hole	You know you shouldn't, but sooner or later you're gonna give it a lick.
What do you call a sick eagle	Illegal
What is the difference between a feminist and a hockey player	A hockey player showers after three periods!^I^will^see^myself^out^now
What do you call a Muslim organization that rejects Muhammed	A non-prophet
What did Santa say when he saw your mom, sister, and girlfriend all together in the same room	MERRY CHRISTMAS!
What are the 2 sexiest farm animals	Brown chicken, brown cow. (say outloud for full effect)
What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby	One I like to crush with a sledgehammer till juice squirts out, the other is a watermelon
What is the biggest gender on Tumblr	Whale-Kin
What's the difference between Geno Smith and a porn star	Nothing, they both suck dick. As a Jets fan it hurts to say. But it's been kind of true.
What do you call Jewish folk that died from agent orange	*german accent* Orange Juice
What did the mathematician say while golfing	2 squared!
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What's the worst part about being a railroad conductor	The training.
What has everyone been doing at Apple since the problems with the iPhone 6 started	Looking for Jobs.
What do you call a bee in the garage	Garbage.
What did the man say to the bee who wanted to learn the alphabet	Nothing lmao bees cant learn.
What does the German wheat farmer say to his wife in the morning	Gluten Morgen!
What kind of bagel did the camper eat	A winnebago.
What do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend	Homeless
What's the difference between a pedophile and a pro golfer	A pedophile always finishes in under 18 holes.
What do you call glasses that make you look wise	Respectacles
What do politicians and diapers have in common	They both should be changed regularly, for the same reason! *ba dum tssh*
What does weed and the Quran have in common	If you burn it you get stoned
What does Michael Vick do in a plane	Have a dog fight.
What is Swiper the Fox's favorite app	Tinder
What's worse than a dead lawyer	A living one.
What do you call a number that can't keep still	A roamin numeral.
What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument	Good point
What's the leading cause of death among wizards	Staff infection
What's big, green, fuzzy and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table.
What do you call a Reddit Psychic	A 4chan teller
What do you call a group of security guards in front of a Samsung store	Guardians of the Galaxy.
What if Stephen Hawking was the real Slim Shady	And we will never know because he can't stand up.
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password	1forrest1
What are Mario's overalls made of	denim denim denim (pronounced with the Mario underground theme)
What did the Nazi do after World War II	He became a veteran Aryan.
What do you call a black hipster	blipster
What do you call a black guy on a bike	Crime
Q: What did the tailor say when he pricked his finger	A: Darn!
Q: What do you get when you put an  experimental monkey in a blender	A: Rhesus Pieces.
what room zombies and vampires can't enter	the living room.
What did the stockroom giraffe say to the apprentice meerkat	You're two short!
What is the most simplistic way to get downvoted	&gt; simplistic 10 letters
What happens when you put Root Beer in a Square Glass	It just becomes beer
What do you call a man who repeatedly stabs his raisin bran on a daily basis	A cereal killer
What's the definition of Polystyrene	A plastic parrot!
What is the most common comment on Reddit	OPs mother.
What did the indian boy say to his mom before he left	Mumbai
What kind of melons always have big weddings	Cantaloupe.
What is the difference between a refrigerator and little children	Refrigerators don't scream and cry when I put my meat in it.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	Americans can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What do you call a Female Clown	A Clunt.
What happens when an egg laughs	He cracks up
What would the Reddit political party be called	The know-kn0thing party.
What do you get when you mix free running with golf	Parfour Sorry
What do you call a Spanish woman with a loose vagina	Consuelo!
What do you call a black guy wearing an ankle bracelet	A stay at home dad
What are the two oldest animals on Earth	The Zebra and the Panda. Because we see them in black and white.
What's a butt's favorite exercise	High Knees
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur	A Lickalotopuss!
what do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and an agnostic	Someone who lays awake at night, wondering if there is a dog
what's white and smells like brown poop	white poop ahhahahhahahaahahahahahahha edit: realized you don't get karma here :C
What did one curious butt cheek say to the other	I mustass you a question.
What do the LAPD and computers have in common	They can both burn C.D's
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your dick into your girlfriend's ass
What do you call an abortion in Prague	A cancelled Czech
What did the sniper say to his wife when he came back from work	I missed you
What do you call a family of 8 rabbits	One rabbyte
What's the singular form of 'werewolves'	I am a wolf
What tea do footballers drink	Penaltea !
What did the cannibals do with the midget	Put another shrimp on the barbie.
What do you call a gay travelling salesman	Flim-flamboyant.
What do you get when if you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic and an agnostic	A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What's better than winning gold at the Paralympics	Walking.
What is the common point between spinach, and Sodomey	Even with butter, children still do not like it.
What kind of tree would have the best bark	Dogwood. Don't you dare judge me, it was on my popsicle stick. :P
What do you call it when you run out of seed	Endosperm.
What do you call two nuts on the wall	Walnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What do you call an elite team of crime solving tree surgeons	Special branch.
What are the three steps to put an elephant into the fridge..	1.Open the fridge 2.Put the elephant in 3.Close the fridge
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist	A Pokemon
What does a robot do after sex	Nuts and bolts.
What's a ghost's favorite search engine	Ghoulgle
What did the sign on the whore house door say	Beat it, we're closed.
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit The Frog's dick...
What do men and tile floors have in common	...if you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for years.
What couple rode a horse up a hill to fetch a  pail of water	Jockey and Jill!
What do you call a cross between a gorilla and a monkey	A cross.
What's the difference between a toddler and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of the window.
What's the difference between a tribe of wild hunting pygmies and a Women's roller derby team	The Pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
What did the turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day	God save the kin.
What was Hitler's favorite way to tie his boots	In Nazi's!
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public	A Private Tutor.
What did George Takei say to the attractive Frenchman on waterskis	Eau myyyyyyyy....
What's a mohel's favorite drink	Bloody D
What's the difference between Det. Rust Cohle and a psychopath	Psychopaths are fun at parties.
What do you call a white supremacist who doesn't eat meat	A vegitaryan
What's the speed limit of sex	68... any faster and you'll eat it.
What do you call the outer edge of a piece of bread that has been toasted	Crusty
What do you call a one-eyed dinosaur	Doyouthinkhesarus (Credit goes to whoever submitted that to the Coffee News)
What's the difference between Bird flu and swine flu	For one you get tweetment and the other you get oinkment...
What do a dead vibrator and a moving bus have in common	You can't get off.
What do diapers and politicians have in common	They both need to be changed after a while for the same reason
What's Al Gore's dancer name	Algorithm.
What did the ambitious suicidal person say	I'm going to kill myself, or die trying.
What do you call an asian golddigger	Cha Ching
What did the computer technician say to the woman about her virus infected laptop	Ma'am, we cleaned your dirty bits and suggest getting a bigger hard drive
What's the best way to dispose of bodies	Put the ashes in the donuts.
What's the difference between a baby shower and a bukkake	Nothing.
What did Orion receive when he won second place in the archery contest	The constellation prize.
What do you call a kid with two gay black dads	An orphan.
What's the difference between a terrorist camp and a school	No idea man, im just flying the drone.
What's the best way to get a Punjab in India	Hire a cunning linguist.
What do you call a limp snake	An ereptile dysfunction.
What's the opposite of wake up sex	Necrophilia.
What do you call an aardvark that plays poker	A cardvark!
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my cock into your ass!
What's your ringtone	That's nice, mine's a light shade of brown.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite Star Wars movie	Rogue Juan.
[Mysoginistic joke] What's the definition of the perfect woman	Four feet tall, fold back teeth, flat head so you can rest your beer on it, and turns into a pizza at midnight.
What's a masochist's favorite type of pasta	Smacaroni
What is a pirate's favorite letter	R, but his first love was the C.
What is a moo hoo for the bucket that goes at the back end of the cow	A tail pail!
What's the worst thing that could happen to an r/joke/ subscriber	faint
What Pokemon gave Nintendo cancer	Pokemon Uranium
What did the the Jamaican daddy spice say to his son when he was being bad	Your a cinnamon
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They are both stuck-up cunts.
What floats on water and goes quick	A South African duck
What does the sun drink out of	Sunglasses.
What did the tree say to the math teacher	Gee I'm a tree!
What's the difference between a prostitute with diarrhoea and an epileptic oyster shucker	The oyster shucker shucks between fits.
What is your best weed/stoner related joke	I've never heard any good ones so please give me your best!
What's the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket	A peeping Tom snatches watch's
Q: What did the boots say to the cowboy	A: You ride -- I'll go on foot.
What's a fedora tippin neckbeard's favorite country	M'laysia
What did Cinderella say when she sat on Pinocchio's face	Tell me a lie. Tell me the truth. Tell me a lie. Tell me the truth. Tell me a lie...
what is brown and sticky	A stick
What was Jesus's favorite band	Nine Inch Nails.
What did the Physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech	Give me a moment...ummmm.(momentum)
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A Roamin' catholic
What do the Bermuda Triangle and a blonde have in common	They both swallow a lot of seamen. Ahh stupid jokes. They never get old.
What's that over there	I don't know but I just got a raging clue
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in a McChicken.
What was Hitler's favorite letter	I have no idea, but it was probably NOT Z.
What's long, hard, and makes my ass hurt	The forty mile bike ride I finished.
What do you call a letter from a feminist	Hate mail
What's a chemist's favourite porn fetish	Propanal
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature	Tequila Mockingbird!
What do you call someone who spends 24 hours a day on the Internet	Anything you like they're not listening to you anyway.
What is a germans favorite passtime at a concert	They jump off the stage to go krautsurfing.
WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAILURE	donald trump
What is Glenn's (The Walking Dead) favorite restaurant	***SPOILERS*** Popeyes!
What do you call a crafty pig	CunningHam
What do you get if you cross a telephone  and a marriage bureau	A wedding ring !
What kind of trophy do I get every time I lift weights	Hypertrophy!
What do you call a redditor in the restroom	A shitposter.
What is Jeffery Dahmer's favorite candy	Mentos.
What do you call a police woman who shaves	Cunt Stubble.
What has 50 legs but can't walk	Half a centipede.
What's brown and runny	Usian Bolt
What did Neil Armstrong do after walking on the moon before Buzz Aldrin did	*Apollo*gize.
What does Santa call the elf police	The Po Po Po.
What do you call a Muslim man's fifth wife	Harambae
What does Pokemon Go and sex have in common	They're not for kids.
What is a black's favorite letter	The one with the welfare check in it.
What has 7 arms and sucks	Def Leppard.
What did the pig say to the drunk man	Licence and registration please.
What's the difference between a snowman on the toilet and O'Shea Jackson on the toilet	One is shitting ice cubes and the other is Ice Cube shitting.
What's the hardest part of being a paedophile	The dick.
What is the difference between God and Donald Trump	Donald Trump can make God great again. However, God has no such power!
What's long and hard, except for Asians	Math class. Credit to troller_awesomeness
What`s the difference between a Doctors Without Borders hospital and ISIS	How would I know, I`m just a US Air Force Operator.
What's the difference between Will Ferrell and a man with erectile dysfunction	One can... ""Get Hard
What do you call an emotionless Asian woman	A rice queen!
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto.
What's the difference between snow tires and slaves	Slaves sing when chains are put on them. PS - im going to church today to beg for forgiveness
What rating do pirate movies always get	PG-13
What is the favourite part of Halloween for a pedophile	The home delivery.
What programming language do they use in Star Wars	JawaScript
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	A cat has claws at the end of its paws, while a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
What did they call that ancient philosopher from China who quoted a lot about a woman's pussy	cuntfucius
What kind of hotdog did the Buddha order from the street vendor	One with everything
What's the worst type of vegetable to bring on a boat	Grandpa. :(
What do you think of Dracula films	Fangtastic!
What do the Enterprise and and toilet paper have in common	They both circle around Uranus searching for klingons.
What's the other name for Game of Thrones	( sex ) Dungeons and Dragons
What did one repost say to another	Well the flag is a big plus! &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino (Hell-if-I-know)
What day is /r/Jokes favorite	Earth Day, it's all about recycling!
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it	Q: What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? A: Envelope
What's Irish and stays out all night	Patio furniture
What do they call a Polish astronomer	Copernicus.
What do you call a woman who throws letters in the fire	Bernadette
What should you do before cooking the vegetables	Remove the wheelchair
What do you call a magical dog	Labracadabrador!!!
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle	A polar bear
What's the difference between Jews and Pizza	Pizzas don't scream when you put them in the oven.
What type of gum does a Buddhist perfer	Enlightenmint! More Gum Jokes!
What's the difference between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson	Only one of them knows how to dodge a bullet.
What do you call a well-written short story	Articulette
What movie was made when Hannibal lecter got Paralysed	Silence of the Limbs
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple..	Cancer.
What do you call a bad cow joke	Udderly terrible!
What's the difference	What's the difference between a McDonald's burger and a Priest. Answer: none. They both put meat between two 10 year old buns..
What does the bees do with their honey	They eat it, If they eat too much, they will get Diabeetis.
What's better than having sex with an 8 year old boy against a barbed wire fence	Nothing.
What's the difference between a pizza and a pizza joke	Pizza jokes can't be topped! :D
What does Soylent Green taste like	It varies from person to person.
What do you call movie night at Bill Cosby's house	Netflix and pill
What does a gay horse eat	Dick.
What do bisexuals use for transportation	Bicycles.
What do you call 1000 soldiers with no legs	An army.
What did the gay deer say after leaving the club	I can't believe I blew ten bucks in there.
What do you call a special needs sheep that got turned into a blanket	A down comforter.
What the difference between an IS training camp and a primary school	There aren't many paedos in the camp.
What is it called when you kill a chickpea	Hummuside
What do you call the act of press-ganging someone into a monastery	Force of habit.
What did the slab of meat say when it was covered in salt and left out to dry	I'm cured!
What does Sean Spicer call emails	Alternative fax.
What did the abused wife say about her husband	Beats me.
What does a worm do in a cornfield	It goes in one ear and out the other
What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef strokin off
What kind of blowjob does a screwdriver give	Flathead
What's the difference between the Hillary Clinton and a piece of fruit	The fruit can only get so rotten.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow	(x-post from /r/3amjokes) [It's pasture bedtime!](http://www.reddit.com/r/3amjokes/comments/1y8d67/what_did_the_mama_cow_say_to_the_baby_cow/)
What did one Fart say to the other	Just so you know, your's is not the only asshole around
What do you call a deaf dog	Whatever you want he still won't come.
What do you call an extremely constipated person	Whatever you like. They don't give a shit.
What do you call a country where everyone is pissed	A urination.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work	A can't opener.
What is the softest part of a wheel chair	The vegtable sitting in it
What's a great way to say I love you to your wife	I have a heart-on for you. Credit where credit is due: -Wayne Gretzky -Michael Scott
What did the cowboy say as he walked into a German car garage	Audi
what is it called when a redditor has a threesome	using both hands
What did one architect say to the other	I see the floor in your plan.
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common	They both have the same middle names.
What do logicians use to shave	Occam's razor
What's the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with a light on.
What was the dog doing on the turnpike	About seven miles an hour.
What is the saddest Olympic sport to watch	Water Polio
What do you call a poor pepper farmer	A jalapeno pauper
What do you get if you cross an owl with a witch	A bird that's ugly but doesn't give a hoot!
What do you call a sunburnt santa	Crisp Cringle
What does a 14 year-old Native American girl say when she loses her virginity	Stop Dad, you're crushing me smokes!
What are a terrestrial planet's favorite genres of music	Rock and Heavy Metal
What do you call a smart knife	Cleaver! EDIT: Also Sharp, knew about this one but I like Cleaver better.
What does the Pillsbury Doughboy see when he looks down	His Doughnuts.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle	Attire
What do you call it when an immigrant and a pedophile get into a fight	Alien Vs. Predator
What's the difference between your mom and a pizza	One I eat everyday, and the other is an Italian-based flatbread with tomato sauce
What do you call 4 mexicans in quick sand	Cuatro sinko
What did the pirate say when he saw the dank meme	arrr lmao
What did Pitbull ask for Christmas	Dolly.
What do you call a group of transsexual surfers	The radical left.
What's the worst thing about Michael Jackson teaching your kindergarten class	The smell. The man's been dead for 6 years.
What do female ghosts have	BooOOOooobs.
What's the difference between Victoria Taylor and Arnold Schwarzenegger	One was fired, the other was terminated
What do toilets yell when they ride roller coasters	Weeeeeeeee!!!
What did the snake priest say to the snake groom after the marriage	You may now ""hiss"" the bride.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are 99 cents, deer nuts are just under a buck !
What happened to the tiger who took a bath three times a day	After a week he was spotless !
What's black and doesn't work	Decaf coffe... you racist
What do you call a white supremacist who fights aliens at night	A white power ranger
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawkings in a house fire.
What did the host of an orgy say to his guests	I'm glad you all came!
What do they call me in prison	Mitochondria, cause I'm the powerhouse of the cell
What do you call a policewoman who shaves her pubes	Cuntstubble
What did the black guy get on his SATs	BBQ sauce.
What's the difference between Hitler and Killer Keemstar (DramaAlert)	Hitler knew when to kill himself. (Got this from the youtube comments of Hell)
What is a pigs favorite type of acrobatics	Porkour
What are swearing outdoor grills powered with	Profane tanks.
What does Han Solo see looking into the mirror	Han Double
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo bean	I won't pay 10 bucks to have a Garbanzo bean on my face
What's your favorite city in Thailand	Phuket, I don't know...
Q: What Biblical and Renaissance characters does Hillary most resemble	A: Jezebel and Lucretia Borgia.
What's a ghost's favorite type of car	A Booghati
What happened when Harry Potter had sex with a pig	He got hog warts.
What's E.T. short for	Because he's got tiny legs.
What's Mary short for	She's got no legs.
What's Mary short for	She's got no legs!
What if you get to heaven and God is like ""Nah bra you can't get in. Remember when you saw my picture on Facebook and you kept scrolling	
What did one strawberry say to the other strawberry	If you weren't so fresh we wouldn't be in this jam.
What's the most bitter tea in existence	Reality *cries in the corner*
What makes the Jewish Monopoly game so much harder than the original	Because the banker starts with all the money and never gives it away.
What is the only part of a vegetable you cant eat	The wheelchair!
What did the clock do when it was hungry	Went back 4 seconds
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist	One of them doesn't throw a fit when triggered.
What did the really ugly man  do for a living	He posed for Halloween masks.
What does an Engineer use for contraception	His personality!
What do triangles do in the summer	They tan.
What do you call a crowd-sourced internet database for turntables	Wiki-Wiki-Wikipedia
What's one thing that a beautiful woman and a jar of peanut butter have in common	They can both make me swell up to 3 times my normal size.
What do you get it you cross a porcupine with a giraffe	A long necked toothbrush.
What is the square root of 69	Eight something.
What does cows say when they want someone to move	Muuuuuuuuuuuuhve...........
Q: What do you call a weapon used by a Canadian ninja	A: Canuck-chucks.
What do you get when you cross a hit of acid with a birth control pill	A trip without the kids.
What does the math teacher do when he gets constipated	Works it out with a pencil.
What do you call a basement full of redditors	A wine cellar.
What's the hardest part to cook in a vegetable	The wheelchair
What's the difference between a banana and a bann	A bann grows on vines. I'll show myself out........
What does Brokeback Mountain and the NFL have in common	The cowboys both suck.
What's the difference between a Pakistani Kindergarten and a Taliban Training Ground	Don't ask me, I just fly the drone.
What does the sign on an out of business brothel say	Beat it, we're closed!
What's the difference between a woman and a volcano	One is ash and gas, the other gash and ass...
Whats the last letter in the alphabet	somebody help plz I need help on kindergarten project
What's white and troubles at breakfast	Cumshot
Q: What will you never say about a banjo player	A: That's the banjo player's porsche.
What do Michael Jackson and caviar have in common	They both come on little white crackers.
What's the best way to become a Russian leader	Stop Stalin! Just Putin the effort and start Lenin it happen!
What do dark humour and food have in common	Only some people get it.
What does Fozzie the Bear do when he can't find a ride	Walk-a Walk-a
What happens to Stephen Hawking when he stops laughing	He writes scary stories.
What was the Christian plastic surgeons specialty	Faith lifts
What did a homosexual reindeer say to Santa Claus	Sleigh, daddy.
What do you call a Mexican baptism	Bean dip.
What are you gonna argue about with your family this Thanksgiving	1. Minimum wage 2. Police reform 3. Why are there raisins in this, Louise
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man	$3.99 a minute.
What's the worst thing about Jonestown jokes	The punch line.
What does Mrs. Potato Head call her husband's penis	The Dick-tater.
What is the most common use for pig skins	To keep the pig in one piece.
What's a North Korean farmer's favorite time of year	Breakfast.
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	Same time next month? (sorry if repost)
What do you call someone with March Madness who doesn't even like basketball	A hypochondriac
What's the difference between a white woman and a tampon	They're both stuck up cunts.
What's long and hard and has cum in it	A cucumber
What is a Canadians favorite board game	Sorry!
What's all white and can't fly	Harrison Ford
What do you call it when you marry your male cousin	Your Cuzband
What did the deer say when the sportsman asked if he wanted to go hunting	I'm game.
Q: What do you call a cow who's had an abortion	A: De-calf-i-nated.
What do you call a repeat line cutter	A pair of scissors.
What's a man's definition of safe sex	A: When his wife's out of town.
What kind of secretary is the best secretary	One that never misses a period.
What is a similarity between a Rubik's cube and a dick	The longer you play with it, the harder it gets.
What do you do to a scientist after he dies	You Barium.
What's the mating call for a University of Alabama student	I'm soo ddrrrruunnkk!
What did the magician say to the aerial student	I work on a different plane
What did the Eskimo say to his wife when she suggested a threesome	I'm Inuit."" Credit goes to R. Ebeltoft.
What to you call epileptic lettuce	Seizure salad.
What doesn't belong in this list	Wife, eggs, meat, blowjob. Blowjob doesn't belong. Why? Because you can beat your eggs, your meat, or your wife, but you can't beat a blowjob!
What do you call a drunk elf	Legless
What's a mixed feeling	When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car.
What do you call a nice guy with hemorrhoids	A stand up guy
What do Auschwitz, Treblinka, and Sobibor have in common	Tons of koffing spawns.
What US State has the smallest soft drinks	Mini-Soda (Minnesota) Such a bad joke... :/
What happens when you give a cow a joint	The steaks are high
What do you call the boyfriend of a beheaded prositute	The headless whore's man
What do Mexicans say on their first day in America	Jose can you see, by the dawn's early light...
What body part is most sensitive to a man while he is masturbating	His ears.
What does the sun skate on	Solarblades
What does the devil say to hell rejects	Why don't you fork off
What side of a turkey has the most feathers	The outside.
What do you call a man who thinks women are easy to lie to	Deceased
What do you get when a cow goes to the Beach with tanning oil	Pre-tanned leather.
What do you call a Chinaman that does everything given what other people do	Bayesian.
What did the blonde say when she saw Cheerios	Donut seeds.
What's the difference between a dog	One of his legs is the same.
What do you call an environmental bicyclist	A recyclist.
What do you call a woman who wants lots of compensation	Sue.
What was the Islamic Star Wars fan for Halloween	Hijabba the Hut
What's the difference between a sandwich and a germanwings plane	When the sandwich drops I'm sad.
What is it called when a Roman gets really sick	Chicken Pox Romana
What is brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a puppy with a camera	A furtographer
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold	One's a sick duck and I can't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore
What is the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted.
What animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon	A mole
What is the difference betwen a blonde and a Lamborghini	You don't let your friends borrow your Lamborghini.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She choked
What do you say to an unemployed Rastafarian	Jah bless
What does it mean when you see a bunch of blacks running in one direction	Jail break.
What do you call a story about a WW2 shipyard	A riveting tale.
What's a Jewish pyromaniac's favorite explosive	A Mazeltov Cocktail
What do &lt;school name&gt; cheerleaders and a shotgun have in common	Give them 2 cocks and they'll blow.
What's grey, has four legs, howls at the moon, and eats cement	A wolf. I threw in the cement to make it hard.
What did the hat say to the hat rack	You stay here, I'll go on a head
What is black on the bottom and white on top	Society.
What do you call 10 lawyers chained to the bottom of the ocean	A good start.
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a terrorist	You can negotiate with a terrorist
What do you get when you mix alcohol with literature	Tequila Mockingbird!
What did the lumberjack see	He saw a tree.
Whats the difference between oral sex and anal sex	One gives you a weak hole and the other makes your whole week.
What does a mathematics professor do when he is constipated	He works it out with a pencil.
What did the angry Indian man say at the bakery	I'm having naan of it.
What did the Australian chess player say to the waiter when he finished his meal	Check, mate.
Whatever happened to the Bob the Builder kids show	Handy Manny took his job.
What do you call a gynecologist	Lip Reader
Whats the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	You can't hear an enzyme
What's a holocaust denier's favorite month	July
What do you get when you sit on a potato	A potato wedge! (I made this up when I was 9)
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing they are both stuck up bitches.
What is white and streaks across the sky at blinding speeds	The coming of the lord
What's Dave's favorite music genre	Meta.
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale	A northern fairytale begins ""Once upon a time ..."" A southern fairytale begins ""Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ...
What do you get when you mix a bush and a motorcycle	A hedgehog
What do you get when you mix a prostitute and a midget	A little fuck
What do you buy a recently neutered cat	Spay Roses.
What mysterious hair product does Lucifer use to keep himself looking good	Arcane-gel!
What is Reddits favorite country	Chi-LE!!!!!!!!!! My girlfriend came up with that one hope u guys love it as much as I do!!!!! :)
What happened when the cannibal crossed the Atlantic on the QE2	He told the waiter to take the menu away and bring him the passenger list!
What was built after the Indian sandwich maker's shop burned down	A New Delhi
What was the favorite chicken dish of Hitler	The SwasTikka
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon at	Tennish.
What does an angry chicken say	Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuckawwwf.
What do a bunch of celebrity nudes have in common with a stiff breeze	They both can cause reddit's servers to crash.
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women.
What do monkeys drink in space	Orangu-Tang.
What do you call an aardvark that's just won  a fight	A well 'aardvark!
What do you get when you put human DNA into a donkey	North West.
What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley	The position of the dirtbag.
What do you call a midget fortune teller who kills his customers	A small medium at large.
What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand	Quatro sinko.
What's the difference between rubber balls and steel balls	Caitlyn Jenner doesn't like to steel balls before she comes
What is the similarity between a porn-actress and Jesus	They're both getting nailed.
What was Roe v. Wade really about	The fastest way to get across a river.
What's a pedophile's favorite kind of shoe	White Vans...
What club cancels their meeting everytime	The vegan club
What's the similarity between smoking a cigarette and eating pussy	The taste changes the closer you get to the butt.
Q: What do a coffin and a condom have in common	A: They're both filled with stiffs one's coming one's going.
What do you call a sterile fruit	A cantaloupe.
What did pancake Chip say to his friend pancake Berry when Berry was sad	Don't feel blue, Berry, things will get batter
What is the difference between a feminist and a walrus	A walrus has at least two valid points.
What does it mean when a doctor has both hands on your shoulders	The Prostate exam isn't going he way you expected
What did Kurtis Blow tell his son when teaching him how to drive	THESE are the brakes!
What did the banana say to the vibrator	What are you shakin' for? Shes gonna eat me.
What did the Jihad name his concession stand	Allahu Snackbar!
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke	You can't take a joke.
What's the best think about leaving California	No more Mexican food and anal sex on Tuesdays.
What's the difference between a cowardly sex offender and your job	Your job will always suck
What's common between a good boyfriend and a lion	They're both ready to eat you
What did the boy with no hands get for his birthday	Gloves!! just kidding....I don't know what he got....he hasn't opened it yet
What's Donald Trumps favourite album	The Wall.
What is the difference between falling from the 2nd floor and the 20th floor	The 2nd floor: (SPLAT) AAAAAaaaaaaaagggghhhhhhhhhhh...... The 20th floor: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!! (SPLAT)
What does a door and a jar have in common	They both are ajar.
What do poor people drink	Pover-tea.
[inventing dialup internet] What should it sound like when it's connecting	[guy in the back stands up confidently] Pterodactyls
What is a Golden retriever's favorite sex position	It doesn't really matter, as long as its ruff.
What type of candy bar does Snake eat	Snake-kers (Snickers)
What do Sting and a prostitute have in common	They both stop sucking when the police show up.
What do you call a nun who just passed her bar exam	A sister-in-law
What's the best part about living in Indiana	All the corny jokes.
What do you call it when you kill a queen bee	Pesticide.
What is the difference between a Texan and a redneck	Texans tend to ride horses whereas rednecks ride their cousins. -American Sniper
What do Muslims eat for Thanksgiving	Quran-berries!
Whats the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter	Twitter only allows 160 characters
What happened to the gay wizard	He vanished with a puff!
What punch line is sure to get upvotes no matter how many times it gets posted	I don't know I just fly the drone
What do you call a fast food joint that caters specifically to muslims	Allahuh Snackbar
What's the difference between 8:45 am and 10:45 am	Around 3000 people
What do you do when you see and Mexican on a bike	Shoot him he probably stole that bike. What do you do when you see a black man on a bike? Shoot the bike, that's your nigger.
What is a white supremacist's favorite dessert	Cake Cake Cake
What's the similarity between the unborn Chinese female and this joke	[removed]
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror	Haloumi!
What did Hitler say when he rose to power	Give me all Germany. (Ger-money) Yeah I'm sorry. On my way out.
What has two legs and bleeds profusely	Half a cat
What the difference between a pancake	It tastes better with jam.
What is Hitler's least favourite Christmas song	All I Want From Christmas Is Jew
whats the most uncomfortable thing about a prostate exam	When you ask the doctor where to put your pants and his reply is right next to mine.
what did the cemetery dude say when he buried the wrong guy	i made a grave mistake
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals	Felippe Feloppe ... wah wah
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common	The Wall was their last big hit. (ripped off a dark jokes thread a while back)
Q: What did Snow White say when she dropped off her film	A: ""Some day my prints will come.
What did the Englishman call the hilarious Slav	Top Vlad.
What's worse than ants in your pants	Uncles *It's a verbal joke.*
What is the cat's favourite TV show	The evening mews !
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	A pilot you racist.
What's the difference between modern pop and Christmas music	One is 6 people singing 100 songs, the other is 100 people singing 6 songs.
Q: What do you say to the banjo player in the three piece suit	A: Will the defendant please rise.
What do you call it when a pastry kills another pastry	Game of Scones.
What would you get if you crossed Halloween with Christmas	A ghoul Yule!
What do they call the doctor who released private health information after he got mad at his being given away	A Hipaacrite
What do they call the Hunger Games in Japan	Battle Royale with cheese
What do you call your mum who is shorter than you	A minimum.
What's the difference between a snowman and snow woman	Snowballs
What do you say to a grammar nazi who just got their left side cut off	Their, they're, there. You'll be all right.
What do you get when you go to a concert in Paris	Shot.
What did the cannibal get when he showed up late to the luncheon	The cold shoulder.
What's the Square Root of 69	Ate something.
Whats the difference between a rooster and a gay surfer	A rooster says, ""Cock-a-doodle-doo."". A surfer says, ""Dude, a Cock will do."".
What does the blind say when he walks past the fish market	Hello ladies.
What was the vacant lot's favorite Spoon song	Don't Make Me A Target
What's the worst part about eating your vegetables	Putting them back in the wheel chair.
What is the internal temperature of a taun taun	Luke warm!
What do you call a dog riding in a submarine	A subwoofer.
What do you call a jewish black man	Hanigga
What does a Russian use to wipe their mouth	... a soviet
What did Serena say to Venus before they faced off in the US Open	In tennis, love means nothing.
What did Helen Keller's mom say would happen if she didn't stop fingering herself	She'd start talking dirty.
What's a pirates favourite letter	Ye think it be the R, but 'tis the C.
What do you call something that swims, is big and has 4 legs	A whale with a table taped to it.
What's blue and fucks grannies	Hypothermia.
What do you get when you cross a sled dog with an elephant	A tusky!
What's a Brazillian's least favorite math chapter to do	7-1
What do you call a fake spaghetti	An impasta
What do you call a vampire, that follows the rules	Draculaw
What's a programmer's least favorite wind instrument	The OBOE.
What's the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when it hits your windshield	It's ass.
What's does a photon and Donald Trump have in common	Both full of energy and momentum, both lacking substance.
What kind of dinosaur writes poetry	A Bronte-saurus.
What do women and penny stocks have in common	If you hold on to them too long instead of pumping and dumping them, you'll lose all your shit.
What did Mike Tyson say when asked about the time he fought the God of Asgard	The loser was 'thore'
What is E.T. short for	Hes got wee legs
What do they do when the Queen has a baby	Fire a 21 gun salute. What do they do when a nun has a baby? Fire the dirty old Canon.
What's a pirate favorite letter	Rape.
What kind of medicine do you give a kid having a fit	An anti-hissy-tamine.
What's a black mans' least favourite ice cream van	Mr Whippy.
What do you get when you put a root beer in a square glass	A beer.
What Happens when you fart in church	You sit in your own pew
What did PSY say when he choked on a burger	Whop, Whop Whop Whop Whop ... Whopper Gangnam Style.
What is the difference between a pitbull and a Golden Retriever	A Golden Retriever can sing better.
What kind of a shoe has a problem	An issue.
What type of movies can't batman see	Parental Guidance.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	My ass
What do you call a really nice retard	A sweet potato
What do The Police do to catch criminals easily	Sting operation, of course!
What kind of tea does water make	Humiditea.
What is a chemist's favourite restaurant	Rubidium's.
What is worse than a dude shooting cum on your floor	A dude farting cum on your floor.
What did the hippie say when his girlfriend told him to move out	Nah, I'm a stay. (namaste)
What do driving and dating have in common	Both end up with you being chased by the police if you go too fast.
What do you call a naughty football joke	An offensive line
What happened when the cannibal bit off a  missionary's ear	He had his first taste of Christianity!
What did the windmill say to Lady Gaga	I'm a really big fan.
Whats the difference between a preschool and a taliban camp	I don't know man. I just fly the drones.
What's the most messed up trap for Santa	A Nicolas Cage.
Q: What do elephants and plums have in common	A: Everything, except that one is an elephant and one is a plum.
What did the plant say to the runaway melons in love	You cantelope!
What's the difference between a girl and a washing machine	One doesn't follow you around after you dump a load in it.
What do you call a cracked window	A pane in the glass.
What did the farmer say when he heard the town gossiping about his cornfield fire	My ears are burning!
What do you call a valet from India	Mahatma Coat
What do you call the one white person on a bus full of black people	Coach
What gets a gold digger off	Goldman Sachs
What do Native Americans do for the holidays	Nativities.
What's your view on lesbians	1080p
What is the largest moth the world has ever seen	A mammoth
What's pink, wrinkly and hangs out my underpants	My mother.
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo	A pouch potato!!
What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her	Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more... I'm sorry..
What's worse than finding a hole in your condom	Finding a condom in your hole!
What's worse than finding a hole in your condom	Finding a condom in your hole.
What's the difference between a joke and a pretty girl	sometimes i get the joke.
What do you call someone that goes down on both genders	Bilingual.
What is the difference between a gay man and a fridge	.... ...A fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
What type of bees makes milk instead of honey	Boobies
What's 6"" long, bent to the left, and in the front of my pants	? My iPhone 6.
What's a dentists favourite time	2:30
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wipe
What's bruked, broke, and fucked all over	The country!
What Do You Call Fake Spaghetti	An impasta!
What do you suppose broke this window Mr. Holmes	It's a limb entry, my dear Watson!
What would Kim Jong-Il be doing if he was still alive today	Scratching at the lid of his coffin.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch	A: ""Beef Jerky!
What do vegetarians love to do during sex	Toss some salad.
What's a difference between snowmen and snowwomen	Snowballs
What did the hipster say the day after thanksgiving	I liked the leftovers before they were cool.
What does a woman's asshole do while having an orgasm	He's usually at home with the kids.
What state do most people live in	Denial. Myself included.
What's the number ten's favorite Spanish phrase	Diez mio!
What was the Preacher turned Drill Seargent's favorite command	Present Alms!
What did Jack say when Nick called him a son of a bitch	He couldn't say anything. He was a dog.
What do you call a woman who pleasures herself with Vegetables	Mrs Hawking
What's black and white and red all over	Battleship Potemkin
What is the KKK's favorite dessert	A Klandike bar
What's the generic for Viagra	Mycoxafloppin
What's the difference between modern-day men and modern-day women	If you give a man a lemon, he'll make lemonade. But if you give a woman a lemon, she'll find some way to accuse it of rape.
What do Monica Lewinsky and a soda machine have in common	They both say insert bill here
What did the really ugly man do for a living	He posed for Halloween masks.
What's the best thing about fucking a transvestite	Reaching around the front and thinking, just for a second, that's it's gone all the way through
What's the difference between my virginity and the Apple Airphones	Losing my virginity wouldn't cost me as much.
What is the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon and Michael Jackson likes to fuck little boys...
What sort of violin does a ghost play	A dreadivarius.
What did the x-axis say to the y-axis	This is my domain
What did one frog say to the other	Time's fun when you're having flies.
What's the difference between the grocery store and a math book	In a math book I can buy 57 papayas at $1.99 each and no one will care.
What do women and dog shit have in common	The older they get, the easier they are to pick up
What is Michael Bay's favorite chess move	C4.
What's the only thing better than Roses on a Piano	Answer: Tulips on an Organ.
What's the difference between an alligator and a crocodile	One will see you later and the other will see you in a while.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	one's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
Whats the difference between acne and a Priest	Acne doesn't cum on a boys face until he is 13.
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted :)
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim, denim, denim.
What is the cuddliest particle known to science	The HUGS boson!
What do you call a postmodernist ravioli	An intellectual impasta'.
What do you call a psychic midget that just robbed a bank	Small medium at large
What did the athletic trainer say to the body builder who was allergic to protein powder	No whey.
What do you call it when you hold a Jewish girl under the covers and fart	A dutch oven...
What's a tick's favorite food	A tic tac
What does a burning Mexican farm smell like	Tacos. Overheard an old man telling another guy how he lost his farm in Mexico , and how the smell reminded him of tacos.
What does a bored Spaniard eat	Aburrido.
What did the bee say to the naughty bee	Bee-hive yourself !
What do they call the Hunger Games in Ethiopia	Games.
What's it called when a huge hole opens up in the ground in the middle of Spring	Sinkhole de Mayo
What do you call Bob Marley when he wears glasses	Rasta-four-eyes
What's Irish and sits on a porch	Pati 'O' Furniture
What happens if you smoke weed in a musilm country	Simple, you get stoned twice
What is tangled rope in space called	Astro-knot
What's the similarity between a gay man and a toothpick	They both poke around in old food
What did the native american say the first time he saw a bicycle	Wow, white folks are pretty smart. They run sitting down. *Feel free to apply the racist native american accent of your choice.*
What did the dick say to the condom	Cover me, I'm going in!
What did the house turn into on the night of the full moon	A Warehouse.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A Stick
What do Dallas Cowboys fans do after they win the Super Bowl	They turn off their XBOX and go to bed!
What did the dick say to the condom	Cover me, I'm going in.
What's drier than toast without butter	My sense of humor.
What do you call a bunch of tractors parked in front of a McDonald's on Friday night in Iowa	Prom
What do you call a nosy pepper	Jalapeno business.
What do you call a marijuana robbery	A high-st
What do you do if your daughter starts smoking	Slow down and use lube.
What did the diva with Alzheimer's disease say	**DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM????** (credit to one of the writers from Bob's Burgers).
Q: What do you call 3 blondes a chimp and another blonde standing on a street corner	A: 4 f*cks 4 f*cks 4 f*cks not for a zillion f*cks 4 f*cks!
What's the difference between a yogurt and the Americans	If you leave a yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.
What is it called when Al Gore comes up with a solution to a problem	An Al-Gore-ithm. I'll see myself out.
What's the definition of a Russian elevator	A Chechen presses a button and five floors come down.
What do you call a mass transit system that also cares deeply about humanitarian work	A Bonorail.
what do you call a vampire that sucks mucus instead of blood	nose-feratu!
What did the poplar tree say to the weeping willow	Hey pal, you just need to branch out more.
What's green and has wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No ideer. What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, no nose, and no ears? Still no ideer.
What does Melania call it when Donald takes Viagra	A rigged erection.
What do you call a snake that has been knighted	Sir Pent...
What does Batman get in his drink	Just ice
What do you call coffee made from coal	Tarbucks.
Q: What do you call Santa's helpers	A: Subordinate Clauses.
What do you call nondeterministically scrambled Crunk	White and black noise.
What did Samuel L. Jackson say to wake up his mate	Sunrise motherfucker!
Q: What's Slimy, cold, green, and smells like pork	A: Kermit the Frog's Finger
What is condemned and overused yet as inescapable as a black hole	clickbait -_-
What did Donald Trump say when he couldn't find his Viagra	The erection is rigged!
What do you call a kid with an eye patch, braces and a lisp	Names
What did Masters say to Johnson	I don't know what the worlds coming to
What do you call a person with short-term memory loss	I forget...
What happens when you get hit by a rental car	It Hertz.
WHAT'S THE POINT OF A PSYCHIC HOTLINE IF THEY WON'T TELL ME WHERE MY OTHER SHOE IS	!
What common trait do viruses, trojan horses and worms have in common	They are all INSECURE.
What's the shortest book in the world	Deutscher Humor!
What do you call a prostitute playing bingo	A bing-hoe.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
What is a specimen	An Italian astronaut.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Aaaaaagggccchhhhmmmm....!!!
What did the American accountant say to his British counterpart	Mind the GAAP.
What's the similarity between light beer and having sex in a canoe	They both increase the risk of drowning.
What's the difference between circus and strip club	Circus is full of cunning stunts.
What did the lightning bolt say to the old oak  tree	-Hang onto your bark this will be no ordinary spark
What does it sound like when two old people have sex	Snap, crackle, pop.
What does a Jewish pedophile say	L'Hymen!
What is 90-60-90	Speed while driving past a speed camera.
What's the most casual crime you can commit	Shooting the breeze.
What do you call a cow that's made out of glass	Steer Clear.
What is the real reason leaves fall to the ground	They know people will blow them.
What do you get when you take a needle to a balloon filled with yogurt	pop culture
What do you call an Englishman with no butt	An assless chap.
What did Sean Connery say when his books fell on his head	I blame my shelf
Whats the best thing about dating Nicki Minaj	She won't fall in the toilet if you leave the seat up.
What do you call a woman who thinks she has the best rack in the world	[oc] Boobcocky
What type of luggage talks in short sentences	A brief case
What's at the beginning of the rainbow	Refraction of sunlight in raindrops
What did the cat... Say to the person	Nothing, because cats don't speak.
What's the difference between a feminist and incense sticks	Incense sticks make scents.
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
Whats the difference between a lentil and a chikpea	I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on my face
What do you call a cat that urinates in your shoes	Piss in boots Credit: My flatmate
what is the difference between a hippo and a Zippo	one is heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Q: What did the blind blonde say as she was  making love with her new boyfriend	A: ""Funny you don't feel Jewish.
What's the smartest cookie	Academia nut
What's the mating call of a sorority girl	O My GOd! I am so drunk.
What's the difference between me and my new couch	The couch pulls out...
What's the appropriate age to take the electric shock collar off your kid	My son's 10 years... hold on... OFF THE COUCH! brb... convulsing.
whats the difference between a baby and a sandwich	i dont fuck my sandwich before i eat it
What's the difference between love and herpes	Love doesn't last forever.
What's the best machine at the gym	The vending machine.
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One less drunk
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison.
What's the difference between a pussy and a cunt	A pussy makes your cock feel nice and makes you cum, a cunt is who owns the pussy.
What did Jesus say to the man with leprocy	OOPS! GOT YOUR NOSE!
what kind of biscuit can fly	a PLANE biscuit
What has mass but doesn't take up space	The Catholic religion
What's the best part about having sex with a transsexual	Pretending it went all the way through
What starts with an A and has a boom at the end	Allahu akbar
What do you call it when alpacas with speech impediments take over Earth	The Alpacalisp.
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a pile of dead babies	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge	The fridge doesn't fart when you pull meat out.
What's the opposite of 4chan	4chad
What do basic cave bitches wear	UGGA Boots
What do you get if you cross a steer and a chicken	Roost beef!
What is Alqueida's favorite football team	The New York Jets.
What did Charlie Manson get his fiancee	A blood diamond... (doh!)
What do you get when you put a knife in a babys ass	A hard on
What did the judge say when a skunk entered the  courtroom	Answer: Odor Odor in the court!!!
What'd the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass
What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke	please let me know... I have a terrible sense of humor!
What's the most embarrassed tree in the forest	Oak wood.
What did the ghost say to the prostitute	You're a horror!
What do you get when cross the Dukes of Hazzard car with K.I.T.T.	General Lee speaking.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair!
What was the best magic trick Osama Bin Laden ever pulled	He made the World Trade Center disappear.
What's the difference between traffic and strawberries	You can eat strawberry jam.
What's a doll's favorite food	Barbie-Q!
Q: What is a bus	A: A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Mega-saur-ass
What do you call a man who expects to have sex on the second date	Patient.
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a healthy dog have in common	84% of their dna
What does Sherlock call his friends	His Holmies
What do a hippie-chick and a hockey player have in common	Both don't shower until after 3 periods.
What Has 75 Balls and Screws Old Ladies	Bingo.
What do Ethiopians do at night	Starve.
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before marriage	Feyonce
What does soylent green taste like	It varies from person to person.
What's Mr. Skeltal's favorite candy	Dootsie rolls.
What is dark and hairy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, starts with a C, ends with a T, and has a U and an N in it	A coconut
What's the difference between a crab with boobs and a bus filled with old people	One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
What do you call an entertaining female's tone of voice	A fun gal inflection You're welcome
What do you call a Rastafarian Irishman	Eamon
What do you call a one-legged asian woman	Irene
What's the difference between a trump supporter and a newly adopted Siberian husky	The dog has the mental fortitude to realize he's just gotten owned by a Russian.
What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What was Santa's christmas-present for the kid with no hands	new gloves for the cold days
What happened when the 26th letter of the alphabet hit puberty	She got a Zebra.
What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate	A chocolate BAA
What type of bees make milk	BOOBIES!
Whats big, pink, long and my girlfriend hates when I put it in her mouth	Our miscarriage.
What's the best way to prepare baby food	Shake'n bake.
What's the difference between a toddler and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would *never* let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.
What concert only costs 45 cents	50 cent featuring Nickleback.
What's gray and comes in quarts	Elephants
What do you call a cocktail of iced tea and skittles	A trayvon martini. Yeah I thought that joke might GARNER some negative attention. It was a 1/5 joke. 3/5 with RICE.
What do Hillary and Bill have in common	Both got screwed out of office
What kind of car does a cat drive	A Cadillac.
What does a fencing Redditor always do with their jokes	Ripostes them
What do you get when you place a Russian leader on a cracker	Putin on the Ritz.
What do you call a hooker in winter	A snowblower.
What did the turkey eat for Christmas	Nothing, it was already stuffed!
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Wheres my tractor!
What do you call a man with a large flatfish on his head	Ray!
What does a baby computer call it's father	Data. Credit: Her (movie).
What do you call a fat psychic	a four chin teller.
What's the smartest pizza	Combination with Nobel peppers.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	Doyouthinkhesarous
What do you call a cunt squared	A box.
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween	Pump Kin
What do women and hand grenades have in common	When you pull the ring off, your house goes away.
What is the biggest joke	Reddit.
What's the difference between a gorrila pit and Mordor	One does not simply walk into Mordor
what did little billy get when he stumbled upon r/twoxchromosome	Cancer.
What do anal sex and eating your vegetables have in common	(NSFW) They're both things that if you're not forced to do them as a child, you likely won't enjoy as an adult.
What did Mario say to Yoshi when he started climbing the Cherry tree	(X-post r/landscaping) Yoshino!!!
What do you call a vegan zombie	A no-brainer.
What did the hippie say about all of the math problems	They're all, like, equal to me...
What do you call a monster with two wooden  heads	Edward Woodward.
What is a Queens job	She Queens and vacuums
What did the orphan get for Christmas	A family.
What do you call a cop standing on dog poo	Officer on doody.
What do robots dip in salsa	Microchips
What does Lenny (of Mice and Men) do during foreplay	Heavy petting.
What do you call a prostitute after a 12 hour shift	A box of assorted creams.
What happens if you tell a psychiatrist you are schizophrenic	He charges you double.
What did one butt cheek say to the other	If we stick together, we can stop this crap!
What do you call a baby Mexican	A paragraph because he's not quite an essay (ese)
What do you call an unsuccessful Jewish pirate	Les Goldman
What do you call a gender reassigned person who has a baby	Transparent.
What 2 books do white American boys enjoy reading on their way to school	The Catcher in the Rye and Cooking For Dummies.
What did one statue say to the other statue he hadn't seen in a while	Statue bro?
What's a skydiver's favorite spice	Ground cumin! As long as they aren't running out of thyme.
What are Bill Gates latest projects	Needle upscaling and camel miniaturization.
What do you call a Pokemon with a tiny head	Zikachu
What did the pavement smoother say after he lost his hands	I literally can't even.
What did the couch say to the armchair	Don't worry, I pull out.
What did the redneck say after his girlfriend swallowed	You gots the purdiest tooth I ever comed across, Sis.
What do you call an erection during a funeral	Mourning wood!
what do you call a black priest	HOLY SHIT!
What did Watson tell his friend when he was constipated	No shit Sherlock...
What animal should you never play cards with	A cheetah
What do you call a cold puppy	A chili dog.
What prize did the dead body receive	Atrophy
What would happen if all Chinese people jumped off a chair, all at the same time	I don't know either, but you would need a reeeally big chair!
What do you get when you mix human DNA with zebra DNA	Well, kicked out of the zoo for starters.
What do you do after you licked the softest and sweetest puss in the world	You put it back in the crib.
WHAT DO WE WANT	If you have to ask, we're not telling you! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? We don't know! -Women's protest rally.
What happened when the turkey got into a fight	He got the stuffing knocked out of him.
What do you get when you cross a zebra with a flamingo	Some weeeeeeeird shit, man.
What do you call someone who strictly prefers white rice over brown rice	A goddamn riceist
What do you call a slutty potato chip	A Free-to-lay
What do you call a Russian with Tourette's syndrome	Yukanol Fukov
What's blue and smells like red paint	Blue paint.
What do you do if you lose all the information on your computer	Ask the NSA for a backup.
What does Sean Connery call a greedy oyster	Shellfish.
What is worse than getting a wrong call at 3 AM in the morning	Getting a right call.
What did the sign on the whorehouse say	Beat it, we're closed.
[NSFW] What did the sperm cell say when it realized it had just been dumped into an ass, not a pussy	Oh, shit.
what's the main difference between r.kelly and your average redditor	there are some things r.kelly can't piss all over.
What's hard, long and has cum in it	A Cucumber...
What do you call a body with no nose	Nobody knows!
What do you call a cat with 3 legs	A handicat
What does a redneck do after she bangs her second cousin	She quits counting.
What do you call a late teacher	Mr. Bus
What do you call someone who is open with their kids about their sex change	Transparent
What do you call a con-artist who minored in psychology	Sigmund Fraud
What does one tectonics plate say to another after an earthquake	It's not your fault.
What's red and has two legs	Half a cat
What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze	A shoe
What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree	a porcupine
What do you get if you cross a student and  an alien	Something from another universe -ity !
What do you call an Italian with one arm	Speech impaired.
What comes after huehuehue	satsatsat lumlumlum
What was Michael Jackson's favourite musical key	A Minor
What's a hipster's favorite painkiller	It's a local anthesisia anesthesia, you've probably never heard of it.
What's the difference between an Israeli terrorist and a woman with PMS	You can reason with the terrorist!
What does Shakespeare's dog eat	Iambs!
What is the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice.
what do you call a girl in Georgia that can outrun her brothers	A Virgin.
What did the tuba say to the clarinet	Nothing, instruments don't talk.
What does Peter Gabriel sing on the toilet	I am the extruder...
What do you call a crocodile that likes to bowl	An Alley-Gator
What did Marily Monroe and Lee Harvey Oswald have in common	They both banged JFK
What do we want	A CURE FOR PARANOIA When do we want it? WHO WANTS TO KNOW
What do you call a mathematician at the beach	A tan gent.
What's black and white and can't go through a revolving door	A zebra with a spear through its head.
What did the Challenger Austronaut day to his wife before he left	You feed the kids, I'll feed the fishes.
what's the difference.... ..... between a vagina and a refrigerator	refrigerators don't fart when you pull out your meat
What did the dentist say to the  computer	...This won't hurt a byte
What is brown all around and looks good on a motorcyclist	A coffin.
What happens when a linguist gets sick	Plosive diarrhea
What's the easiest way to perform an exorcism	You beat the hell out of them
What do you call a cow with a twitch	Beef jerky What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do blind people think of a basketball	It's a never ending story.
What did the perverted frog say	Rub-it!
Whats a zombie's favorite drink	Egg noggin.
What was the suicide bomber greeted by in the afterlife	A group of 40 other suicide bombers.
What do you call a fat physic	A four-chin teller
What's the worst part about cumming in 2 mintues	Spooning.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot, you racist.
What is the best remedy for cough	A laxative.
What do deer and women have in common	The hornier, the better!
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What do Polish Hussars and toothpaste have in common	They both fight against Tartars.
What does a sick bird need	Tweetment.
What do Romans use to cut their pizza	Little Caesars.
What are Germans most thankful for on the internet	Danke Memes
What is the wettest animal in the forest	The raindeer.
What goes ""Vroom!..screech..Vroom!..screech""	A blonde at a flashing red light.
What's the best blood type	Blood that is circulating.
What's Scotland's BIGGEST cause of depression	Lonely ness.
What is long, hard, and full of seamen	A submarine.
What did the dough say to the baker	You, knead me.
What's the difference between a tennis ball and the prince of Wales	One is heir to the throne and the other is thrown into the air.
What do you call a man who opens the car door for  you	A chauffeur.
What's Hitler's favorite video game	Mein Kraft.
What's a porn stars favorite golf course	The inter course
What is long, green and smells like pork	Kermit's finger.
What kind of pie can fly	A Magpie.
What do you call a white supremacist with an IQ of 56	Gifted.
What's the absolute worst city to live in	An atroCITY.
What did Scooby Doo ask Shaggy for to order online porn	A Reddit card
WHAT'S BETTER THAN A ROADMAN!!!!!!	?? A ROADMAP!!!
What did the homeless guy eat after he dropped his hamburger	Ground beef
What separates man from animals	According to Donald Trump, the wall he is going to build.
What goes Black-White, Black-White, Black-White	A panda bear rolling down a hill.
What's the difference between novocaine and an index finger	One's a digit divisible by two, the other is a prime number.
What do you call a camel with no humps	*Humphrey!*
What's blue and hangs from a tree in my yard	Its my nigger, I can paint him whatever color I want.
What's the name of the new shawarma restaurant in Neverland	Pita Pan
What has two O's and fires	A double-vowel shotgun.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, she's already been told twice. (Sorry for old joke)
[NSFW] What do people in Arkansas say after having sex	Get off me pa you're crushing my smokes
What would Ed Sheeran taste like on a piece of toast	gingerbread
What do you call an upbeat and reasonable fortune teller	A happy medium.
What do you get when you cross a monastery with a convent	A cloister fuck, obviously.
What do you call a black man in a tree	Branch Manager
What's pasty, white, and bounces up and down in a crib	My ass.
What did the cheese maker say when his vat got dumped to the floor	That's no gouda
What do you call a Jamaican Proctologist	Pokemon
What did terrorists used to call Fidel Castro	Infidel Castro
What is a paradox	A small medical clinic.
What's the difference between a rabbit on a treadmill and a rabbit with a carrot stuck up its nose	One is a fit bunny and the other is a bit funny
What type of pen does Lance Armstrong use	Uniball.
What is an army of blue babies on horseback called	A navy infantry cavalry
What does an epileptic vegetarian eat	Seizure Salad
What did batman say to the joker when he finally caught him	Gotham
What is the network admin favourite lullaby	Mary had a little LAN
What do you call a stealthy gay guy	A fruit Ninja
What do you call a guy dumped by his Asian girlfriend	Disoriented.
What's the hardest part about roller blading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What's the difference between a politician and a comedian	People care when a comedian speaks.
Q: What's the difference between a cello and a violin	A: A cello burns longer.
Whats the difference between a pizza and a Jew	The pizza doesn't scream in an oven.
What happened to the tyrannical peach	He got impeached!
What is a duck's favorite drug	You might think it's quack, but it's actually mariwaddle...
What is one thing... That Bill Clinton failed at	*Domestic affairs*
What's the difference between Andrew Dice Clay and a nintendo cartridge	The nintendo cartridge has steadily gotten more blowjobs since the 80s.
What's black, cheap, and not worth a damn	A cup of decaf
What do Indian movie stars play at the beach	Bollyball
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew	Santa goes down the chimney.
What do you call a black jew	Overcooked
What's a man in a hurry like to drink	man-go juice!
What's black and taps on the window	A baby in the microwave :)
What do you call a line of black people	A chocolate bar
What does cheese say when you take its picture	Make sure you get my Gouda side!
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market	Good morning ladies
What do you call someone who comes second in a long-distance boat race	An immigrant
What do you get if you cross Islam with Christianity	||Islam|| ||Christianity|| sin** **n**
What's the difference between the average person and a feminist	About 200 pounds.
What is white on the top and black on the bottom	Society.
What do you call a guy who likes Adobe and little boys	a PDFile
What's a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark	A period because it marks the end of his sentence.
What do you call it when Britain, Russia, and France make a sexual pun before WWI	A triple Entendre. History jokes, man. they're killers.
What is the similarities between Bernie Madoff and Atoms	They both make up everything!
What's a funny non-racist joke a Polish person would laugh at	Just trying to make a Polish girl I like laugh
What mistake did the chronometer make while it was getting along well with the digital watch	It asked the digital watch for its hand in marriage.
What kind of beer does Hitler drink	Neinenkugel
What do you call the chicken between the chicken thigh and the chicken wing	The chicken butt
What did a blind french guy said he wanted for christmas	All I want for christmas is yeux
What do you call a French cow that grows sprouts instead of fur	Chia LaBeouf
What do Jewish kids say to their Christian friends at Christmas	Sorry we killed your saviour, can we play with his new toys.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it
What did the bumble bee striker say	Hive scored !
What time of day is it in France right now	Mourning
Whats the most common breakfast in Africa	Ebola cereal!
What medication that can make people inspire you	Aspirin sorry guys
What is an Italian redditors favorite meal	Fettuccini Alfedora.
What do you calla judge with no thumbs	Justice fingers
What are the 3 rules to buying real estate, the difference between jock itch and athlete's foot, and breastfeeding and a glass of milk	Location, location, location.
What's a pirates favorite letter	It's the C
What's a machinists favorite song	Turn Down for What!
What phrase is a compliment in America, but an argument in the Middle East	No, YOU the bomb.
What is the proper expression of gratitude when someone calls you a good listener	Huh?
What's the difference between the Holocaust and a goat	Can't keep milking a goat for 70 years
What do you call a black Gohan from Dragon Ball Z	Goquan
What is the worst type of doctor you can be	gynecologist - because in the hole that the whole world is looking for pleasure, he's looking for problems.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheeet.
What is the Phobia for chainsaws called	Common sense
What's a communists favourite sporting event	Commonwealth Games
what do you call it when Batman skips church	a Christian Bale
What do you call a dirty Chinese crab	A crusty asian
What is the difference between reindeer and caribou	Reindeer are the ones that fly.
What did the underscore say when he got up to leave	Gotta Dash!
What does a wolf cough up after eating a rabbit	A hare ball
what do u call a turtle running on a 9V rechargeable battery	Dura-Shell
What did one boob say to the other	You're my breast friend. Badum tits
What is DJ Khaled's favorite fraction	1/9. Because, after the decimal, it's always another one.
What did the octopus say to the fox	What the fuck are you doing in the ocean?
What happens if you don't pay after an exorcism	You'll get repossessed!
What do you call Apple's next beauty product	The iLiner.
What is the saddest thing in you're life	That you clicked on this link only to correct my grammer....
What's the quickest way to make nine million dollars	Date Simon Cowell.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs at your front door	Matt
What's black and white and red all over	A cow that's just been murdered.
What's the best kind of guy to get fingered by	One with Parkinson's disease!
what did the dildo say to the anal bead	you stink.
What is the difference between snow men and snow women	Snowballs
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What did the floor say to the desk	I can see your drawers!
What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAND EEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEE!!!!!
What does a cow call his girlfriend	His significant udder.
Q: What do a blonde and a car have in common	A: They can both drive you crazy.
What's a redditors favorite governing body	The Fedoral Government.
What do you call a moose with no name	Anonymoose
What do you call a penis with stamps on it	Male. Of course, if you have to sign for it, it's a package.
What do these 2 have in common What does your mum and a politician have in common	When they scream they make no sense
What did the lion say to the antelope	RAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window	Swim for it...
What did the Bra say to the Hat	You go on ahead and I'll give these two a lift.
What does a redneck do when he misses his girlfriend	Reload, take better aim.
What do retards wear on their heads	Handicaps
What do you get if you cross two snakes with a magic spell	Addercadabra and abradacobra !
What is the speed limit for sex	68 . Because at 69 you flip over and eat it.
What's the difference between unhealthy lipids and a tumblrina	One is a trans fat, the other is a fat trans.
What does a ghost get when he is horny	A booner
What do you call a fake friend	a faux!
What does Jeremy Clarkson and Amy Winehouse have in common	They both used to be on top gear.
What did one orphan say to the other	Get in the Batmobile Robin.
What do you call a book club that has been stuck on the same book for thousands of years	Church.
What do you hear when a sheep blows up	Sis boom baa ~Carnac
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	...I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face
Whats a pirates favourite kind of wood	? Seeder
What's the best thing about twenty three year old's	[They're of age.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZg3-Y1QIc4)
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Blind, probably.
What do you call a gay loaf of bread	A faguette ^^^^I ^^^^just ^^^^made ^^^^this ^^^^up ^^^^and ^^^^I'm ^^^^so ^^^^proud
What do you call a German sausage fest	Wurst orgy ever.
What's long, green, and smells like bacon	Kermit's finger.
What do Anna Nicole Smith and Tom Brady have in common	They both like saggy balls.
What's your favorite stereotype	Mine is Panasonic
What tick likes to run	Politicks
What is even bigger than an elephant	A giant !
What did the egg say to the pan or boiling water	It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by a chicken.
What is the difference between a small vagina and a douchey midget	One is a runty cunt and the other is a cunty runt.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Tryke.
What do you have if you have one fuzzy, green ball in one hand and another fuzzy, green ball in the other hand	Kermit the Frog's undivided attention.
What do you get when you cross.... .... the DNA of a human with the DNA of a goat	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What do you call dinosaur sluts	Herpevores
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef.
What is a pirates nightmare date	A girl with a sunken chest and no booty
Q: What do you call a blonde with a bag of sugar on her head	A: Sweet fuck all.
What does the interrupting cow say	HE SAYS MOO oh wait this joke totally doesn't work in text
What do you get when you cross a donkey with a jar of peanut butter	A piece of ass that sticks to the roof of your mouth!
What's the difference between a joke and 100 dicks in your ass	You can't take a joke.
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey	Boo-bees
What did the doctor say to the cancer patient	You have tumor months to live.
What do you call a suicidal cat	Curiosity.
What's the difference between a prostitute and jesus	The face they make when you nail them.
What do you call cows that have a sense of humor	Laughing stock.
What is the difference between ass-kissing and brown-nosing	Depth perception.
What do you do when you see an upside down dolphin	You flipper!
What would you call a supervillain that could control every part of the electro-magnetic spectrum except 495-570 nm	Magento
What's the similarity between a dog and a bulldozer	Neither one is a squirrel.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus	He stole the show!
What's green and red and goes 100 mph	A frog in a blender.
What Makes a Penis and a Rubik's Cube Similar	They both get harder the more you play with it.
What is the inner temperature of a Tauntaun	Luke warm.
Q: What did the rude prism say to the light beam that smacked into him	A: Get bent!
What happened when the bankrupt eastern european jumped off a building	The Czech bounced.
What's the biggest crime committed by transvestites	Male Fraud!
What do pirates like to wear during the winter	Scarves
What's the answer for question #2	2.B or not 2.B
What side of a monster has more hair	The outside !
[NSWF] What's the difference between acne and priest	Acne waits until a boy's 14 to come on his face.
What kind of pizza did the Dalai Lama order	one with everything
What do you call it when one guy demands that another guy go to the movies and give him a hand job	A mandate
What is the best basket ball team ever	The tricera-hops
What's better than seeing a woman wrestle	Seeing her box.
What do you call a film director with bad eyesight	Squintin' Tarantino
What's the hardest thing about rollerblading	Having to tell your parents that you're gay.
What does a Japanese chef shout in bed	Ooo mami! (Umami)
What do you get if you cross a nun and a chicken	A pecking order.
What do you get if crossed a new born snake with a basketball	A bouncing baby boa !
What is the smallest mall	sMall !
What do women and stones have in common	You skip the flat ones.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
What do you call an Artist in a Dark Alley	Sketchy
What is a dog's favourite food	Anything that is on your plate !
What happens when an elephant sits on a car	It breaks the trunk.
What did the carpenters call their brass quartet	The Tuba Four
What word allows you to take away two letters  and get one	Stone.
What's the definition of trust	Two cannibals giving each other blowjobs.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	An unoriginal joke
What happened when Helium told a joke	There was no reaction
What did the fisherman say to the street magician	Pick a cod, any cod!
What do you call an acid with an attitude	A-mean-o acid.
What did Zach De La Rocha bring home from the beach	A pocket full of shells.
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	You can't hear a vitamin.
What has 9 arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist fuck.
What is a male widow called	single
What actor do horses like the most	Matthew McConaug-hay
What kind of Dog does Homer Simpson have	A DOH-berman!
What do you get when you cross a bunny with an orange	A pip squeak.
What's the difference between god and pilots	God doesn't think he's a pilot.
What has 100 legs and 50 brain cells	The front row of a donald trump rally!
What are the most fucked up jokes you have	Mine is: How do you make a scout cry twice? You wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear.
What has 72 teeth and can hold back the Incredible Hulk	My zipper.
What kind of punch hurts children the most	A sandy hook.
What did the hebrew tree say when the French man asked it's name	Jew Maple
What does a time traveller do when he's hungry	He goes back four seconds!
What do you call a penis with a doorbell	A ding dong.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a fish	Swimming trunks
What's the difference between me and Jimmy Fallon	I can get through one of his skits without laughing
What's the best kind of alcohol for your liver	Nonanol.
What would George Washington do if he was alive today	Probably get suffocated in his collapsed coffin
What's big, black, and hard	A Basson.
What did Sean Connery say when a book from his cupboard fell on him	I can only blame my shelf. Shout out to /r/shubreddit
What do mormons and tweakers have in common	They both ride bikes and are on a mission.
What's the difference between an Afghan Military Base and a Pakistani School	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What do you get when you cross a pig and a spider	Bacon and scrambled leggs.
Whats the difference between a Greyhound bus station and a Lobster with a breast implant	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ;)
What did the right nut say to the left nut	This guy in the middle thinks he's hard!
What is Jay-Z's favorite type of seafood	That fish Cray.
Q: What is hard six inches long has two nuts  and can make a girl fat	A: Almond Joy candy bar
What do you call the offspring of a black man and an octopus	I don't know but it sure can pick a lot of cotton.
What's the worst part about going down on a vegan	They taste like chicken.
What's the difference between a cheap hooker and an expensive one	You'll get crabs from the cheap one, and lobsters from the other. Heard this years ago, hope this ain't a repost. Cheers
What's an atheist's favorite Christmas movie	Coincidence on 34th Street
What's red and goes ""Oh, Oh, Oh!""	Santa walking backwards.
What's the difference between a Catholic and a Jew	At least when a Catholic scars you for life, you might get to cum.
What do you do if you see a spaceman	You park in it, man.
What does an insomniac, philosopher, atheist, dyslexic do at night	Lay awake, contemplating the existence of Dog.
What's a life without manitees	A life with out porpoise.
What do you say to a guy who is covered in rodents	Mice outfit!
What do you call the useless piece is skin on the end of the penis	The man.
What did the father buffalo say to his son going off to college	Bison.
What do you call it when a man has a beer in each hand	Irish handcuffs.
What is the difference between Sarah Palin's hoo-ha and her mouth	Only half the stuff that comes out of her hoo-ha is retarded.
What concert is worth 45 cents	50 cent with Nickelback
What do tornadoes and blondes have in common	When they show up there's a lot of sucking and blowing, but when they're gone, your house and car are gone too.
Q: What did the momma corn say to baby corn	A: where is popcorn
What do you call a black man that's just been hit by a bus	An ambulance you racist bastard
What's red and smells like white paint	Red paint.
What do people in Prague call abortions	Canceled Czechs
What do you call a dog in the library	A hush puppy.
What car do insects drive	A Volkswagen automobile.
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion	Decaffeinated! Bah dum dum...ting
What is the difference between a wife and a mistress	About 20kg.
What's the difference between a cook and a homo	Well, the cook stirs today's meal while the homo stirs yesterday's.
What do you call a government official that can't leave an airport because of a blizzard	Edward Snowed In
What do gay men say when they pray	AHHH **MEN**
whats the diffrence between a tornado and a divorce in the south	nothing. sombodys losing a trailer!
What happensto nitrogen when the sun rises	It becomes daytrogen ^I'msorry
What is an Italian mobster's favorite cooking oil	Cannoli Oil.
What do you call a small parent	A minimum !
What's white and sticky	What's white and sticky and hangs from the clouds? . The second coming of the Lord
What do you call a big butt	mASSive
What's the best way too kill a Hipster	? throw em in the main stream
What do rappers like on their burritos	Waka Flakamole I'll show myself out
What would Jesus's favorite gun be	A nail gun
What did the black kid get on his ACT	BBQ sauce
What do you call a male camel toe	A moose knuckle
What do you call a blind gynecologist	A pain in the ass
What's a comedians least favorite drink	Booze
What's the difference between a fraternity and a gang	Gangs don't have to pay for friends.
What do you call a reptile detective	An investigator Sorry
What's the difference between Wendy's and Windows	Wendy's is never frozen.
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch	I ate too many chickpeas, now I falafel.
What's the difference between america and a yoghurt	A yoghurt develops a culture After sitting there for 100 years.
What would be Jesus' favorite gun	A Nail Gun.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and a computer	I give a fuck when my computer crashes.
What is your dog's favorite breakfast	Pooched eggs!
What does a ""yes man"" say	I don't no
What do you call a friend who turns a wine glass into a candle holder	An acquaintance
What did the rat say to the cat	Nothing, cats don't talk you fucking idiot.
What's green, has six legs, and would kill you if it fell out of a tree	A snooker table
What's it called when a cow attempts to jump a barbed-wire fence	An udder disaster
What do you call a bunch of pro wrestlers hitting each other with blocks of cheddar and wheels of gouda	Battle Royale with cheese.
What do you call homeless BDSM	Vagabondage.
What did they call it when NHL officials  refused to allow a hamburger to play hockey in the league	Rink injustice!
What is faster than silver surfer	Quicksilver Surfer! :D
What did the grape say when it got stepped on	Nothing - but it let out a little whine.
What did Adam say to his wife on the day before Christmas	It's Christmas, Eve!
What's the brightest airship ever made	LED Zeppelin
What does Iraq and Bristol Palin have in common	Both of them are hard to pull out of.
What kind of pants do the Mario Brothers wear	Denim denim denim.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A ripoff
What do you call a group of black people	A Orniggasation!
What's worse than a centipede with sore feet	A giraffe with a sore throat.
What is the difference between a horror fiction writer and a disabled physicist	Haw
What did the broke zombie amusement park say to the wealthy vampire golf course	I just need to get fundead.
What do you call a Mathematician who is an outlaw and a liar	an outlier downvote brigade can start now
What is worse than an alligator with toothache	A centipede with athlete's foot !
What do transgender cannibals call the blood of Christ	Cross dressing.
Whats The difference between Stealing Cookies from a Jar and Child Molesting	Ive only ever been caught stealing cookies.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I don't jam after drinking a gallon of nut butter.
What did the polite bacteria say to the mouth	GingINVITEus in!
What do you call a Jihadist that loves turkey	A Tryptophanatic.
What's better than roses on my piano	Tulips on my organ.
What do you get when a truck full of potatoes drives into kindergarten full of kids	Moussaka
What do Anne Frank and Bin Laden have in common	They're both hide and seek champions!
What do you call a guy with no nuts and a horn on his head	A eunucorn.
What side of the chicken has the most feathers	The Outside!
What functions worse than the US Government	A Greek Bank.
What do you call a potato shaped like a penis	A dicktater
what do you call a rhinoceros mixed with george washington	hell if i know.
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A gummy bear. I'm so sorry..
What's the opposite of irony	Wrinkly.
What do you call a lesbian with big fingers	Well hung.
What does Elvis say when he gets an infection that standard antibiotics can't treat	MRSA!
What do you call a single use phone book	The YOLO pages.
What is expected from ISIS women	Blow jobs.
What do you call women who get beat by their alcoholic husbands	Beer-battered wives
What did Caesar say after crossing the river Rubicon	Can someone get me some dry socks?
What was more important than the invention of the first telephone	The second telephone.
What is a crevice that is owned by someone and not allowed to be stepped into	None of your abyss-ness
What's a narcoleptics favorite game	Hide and go sleep.
What is it called when a gangster kills his friend	A Homie-cide
What do you call a floating potato	A levi-tater.
Whats the best way to watch porn	In double HD.
What kind of doctor is always on call	An oncologist! ... I made this one up last night but I'm sure someone has thought of it before.
What is a tampon's favorite food	Scrambled egg
What's the difference between God and Trump	God doesn't think he's Donald Trump!
What is the fastest mineral in the world	The malacheetah.
What happens when a male prostitute trains another male prostitute	He takes him under his wang.
What do Trump and lip stick have in common	Both make Hillary Clinton more attractive.
What do you get when you mix Nyquil and MiraLAX	Relaxatives.
What does a memelord put on his sandwich	L-mayo
What's the best thing about doing 23 year olds!	There's 20 of them.
What did the male and female skeletons do to pass the time	(NSFW) They Boned!
What is the difference between an Olympic runner and Hitler	An Olympic runner can finish a race.
Q: What is the difference between a trombone and  a trumpet	A: A trombone will bend before it breaks.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland	Beats me, but the flag's a big plus.
What's another name for a necrophile	A dissexual.
Whats the last thing that goes thru a bug's mind when it hits the windshield	Its ass.
What do you do you with an elephant with three balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
What do the titanic and Madelaine McCann have in common	They're both at the bottom of the ocean and full of seamen
WHAT DO WE WANT	!?! A CURE FOR TOURETTES!!! WHEN DO WE WANT IT?!?! FUCK!!!
What's in common between a sprinkler and the answer i got if she wanted anal	Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk
What would you get if you crossed a grizzly with the world's greatest basketball player	Bear Jordan.
What do you do when you come across an elephant in the jungle	Wipe it off and say you're sorry.
What university has the most brightest students and staff	University of Brighton
Whats the difference between normal barbie and divorced barbie	The divorced barbie is $399 because it comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's furniture, etc.
What does a submarine full of gay guys smell like	Sea Men
What side of a chicken has the most feathers	The outside.
What is a Canadian's favorite nirvana song	All Apologies
What's Hillary's thoughts about her campaign	Iran, Iraq, I lost
What is the difference between a  locomotive engineer and a teacher	One minds the train the other trains the mind.
What do you call a gay light fixture	A chandiqueer
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my wiener in a car exhaust pipe
what's wrong son	that kid said he's cooler than me what? impossible. what kid? *in my head im like don't be the kid with pegs on his bike*
What's a Londoner's favorite seafood	King's Crustacean.
What is the best gift to give a gay geneticist	designer genes
what do you call an asian supply warehouse party	A surprise party!
What's Black White And Red All Over	A Police Shootout
What's the worst part about being a gay bathhouse attendant	Shitty tips.
What is better than getting a gold medal at the paralympics	Having legs.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	A pickpocket snatches watches... Courtesy of the late Redd Foxx.
What do you call a con artist panda	A bamboozler
What do you call a gigantic polar bear	Nothing you just run away!
What do you with a crazy girl knocking on your door	You don't let her out.
What do you call a pig thief	A hamburglar!
What time is it when 10 elephants are chasing you	10 after 1
Q: What do a telephone and a dog have in common	A: They both have collar ID.
What did the lawyer say after the short trial	That was a brief case.
What's faster hot or cold	Hot! Because anyone can catch a cold! buh duh tsst
What was the last thing that Columbus said to his sailors before getting on the ship	Okay men, get on the ship.
what weighs more on the moon than on earth	a helium baloon
What's the hardest part of a gardener's job	Getting to the root of the problem.
What do Africans eat for breakfast	Ebola cereal
What did the geologist say to the Ginger after he evaluated her precious metal	Red, it gold.
What do most women hate to hear while having sex	Honey, I'm home!
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple	Getting raped.
What language do the Vatican Police speak	Pig Latin!
What did the Zen master say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What's it like living with Permanent Erection Disorder	Some days are harder than others.
What do you call the rabbit up the elephant's sweater	Terrified !
What do you call a smug criminal going down stairs	A Condescending Con Descending.
What do you call an angry white elephant that likes crushing donkeys and darker elephants	Donald Trunk.
What did Pink Panther say when he stepped on Ant	Nothing, Pink Panther doesn't talk!
What does the Saudi Paralympics team consist of	thieves..
What does America and Sauron have in common	They are both shit at protecting towers
what does a british person say to congratulate a friend when he hears they are having their first child after joining a reptile gang	well, chap, you're a propa-gator now.
What's the only Pokemon that doesn't evolve	Any black Pokemon, really.
What do Hutterites do on Halloween	Pump-kin
What did the little girl with no arms or legs get for Christmas	Cancer. :(
What's the best thing to do when someone close to you dies	Move seats.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin mobile!
What do ducks get hooked on	Quack
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair	Virgin mobile.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer in World War 2	A: Ash
What's worse than a blowjob from Willie Nelson	That ain't Willie Nelson.
What do you someone with no body and no nose	Nobody knows!
What did the homophobic dad say when he heard his gay son was in a coma	At least he's a vegetable now instead of a fruit.
What do you call a gay Irish couple	Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
Q: What's the book of socially prominent monsters	A: The Book of who's Boo.
What is James Bond's favourite drug	Viagra, so he can Roger Moore.
What do Hitler and Boston have in common	Neither can finish a race.
Q: What is Clinton's plan to create thousands of small businesses	A: Take thousands of big businesses and wait four years.
What's ET short for...	Because he's got little legs.
What was Bin Laden's favourite brand	Jihadidas.
What are some really stupid jokes	One I know is this: Spanish teacher: Kids, what is the ellos/ellas form of the verb sacar? Students: Sacan? Spanish teacher: SACAN DEEZ NUTS!!!!!!!!!!!
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	The taste
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons	Jose and Josb
What do you call a Mexican midget	A Paragraph, because he's not a full Essay
What did Mohammed eat	His dates.
What's Piccolo's preferred type of car	DODGE!!!
What do you call it when a horse punches you really hard	A neigh-maker
What do the dolphins and the post office have in common	Neither deliver on Sundays.
What is the biggest ant in the world	An elephant !
What do you call a building that falls in love with its architect	Edifice Rex
What kind of underwear does Severus Snape wear	Always.
What's another name for semen	(w)Hole Milk!! :D
Whats the difference between Facebook and Reddit	About two hours.
What does a bird say when it wants revenge	Toucan play at that game!
what did the indian chief say when his dog jumped off the cliff	dog gone
What's the difference between a Cadillac and a pile of dead babies	I don't have a Cadillac in my garage.
What does the Illuminati smell like	New World Odor
What do Trump supporters and Flat Earthers have in common	They both hate globalists.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheel chair
What do you call the prequel to The Purge	The Binge
What's the only animal that has a cunt on its back	A police horse.
What do you call a principal who gives good blow jobs	A headmaster.
What does RoboCop use for fuel	Petroleum
What's Captain Hook's favourite kind of shop	The second hand shop.
What has four legs and two assholes	A police horse.
What do the NFL and Brokeback Mountain have in common	The cowboys suck.
What's the difference between the average yogurt and the United States of America	if you leave a yogurt alone for two-hundred years it'll develop a culture (also it can be fat free)
What type of meat do catholic priests eat on Friday	Nun.
What kind of fish is made of just two atoms	2 Na
What happens when you put a soul-singing duck in a microwave	It's Bill Withers.
What's a redneck's favorite kind of bread	Inbred.
What TV game show do fish like best	Name that tuna!
What did the leper say to the hooker	keep the tip. ;)
What type of wind is named after Santa  Claus's warm climate cousin	Santa Ana
What do you call a mouse that can pick up a  monster	Sir.
What happens when 1 extrovert goes out to eat with 3 introverts	Literally fucking nothing. My God.
What is easier to load your van with bowling balls or screaming baby's	Baby's because you can use a pitchfork
What happened when the Italian chef died	He pasta away
What did the gay paraplegic take for heartburn	Rolaids
what did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals	He got a woodpecker.
What did the wife say to the husband	Beats me  \_()_/
What do you call a nun using katana	Nunja.
What do you call a Honry Micheal J Fox	A Viberator
What's the dirtiest language	Latin, its absolutely filled with *cum*.
What do you call a cow that just tripped	Ground Beef
What do you get when you put 50 politicians and 50 lesbians in a room together	100 cunts that don't do dick.
What does a racist joke and a crime have in common	They both start with you looking over your shoulder.
What do you call a gay guy in a sleeping bag	A fruit roll up
What did the egg say to the boiling water	I don't think I can get hard -- I just got laid this morning!
What do you call a line of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hare-line.
What did the cook say to his wife	I'm cumin!
What do you call 10 lepers in a swimming pool	Porridge
What did the traffic light say to the car	Don't look I'm changing!
What did the girl say when her boyfriend asked her to rate the size of his penis	Urinate (heh just made this one up)
What is Batman's favourite porn site	Motherless.com
What's the best thing about Bruce Jenner	[removed]
What type of matter can be both a solid and a liquid	Fecal matter It can also be plasma if you poop on the sun....can also be a gas if you fart. Also can be dinner if your hungry.
What is the best thing about dating a homeless girl	You can just drop her off anywhere.
What did the Office of Admissions say to the recently-accepted Urology student	Ur-ine!
What do we want	A cure for ADHD!"" ""When do we want it?"" ""Squirrel!
What's a woman's favorite monkey	Macaque.
What do you call a litter of puppies who've been out in the snow	Slush Puppies
What spice is guaranteed to make your girlfriend walk out on you	Bay Leaves
Whats the best thing about being a siamese twin	Someone to kiss while you're wanking
What do you call it when you finger a pony	Feeling a little horse.
What does a color blind racist say	I don't see color I see race
What do you call a girl with one leg shorter than the other	Ilene. An asian girl? Irene.
What did Lil' Jon do when Home Depot employee tried to sell him a lightbulb	Turned down 4 watt
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend	My girlfriend knows about my wife.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
What kind of cheese gives out money	Prova*loan* I just came up with that and feel pretty proud (:
What did the Mexican say after two houses fell on him	GET OFF ME HOMES!
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, because he's too short to be an Essay.
What did the baby light bulb say to it's mommy	I wuv you watts and watts!
What do you call a black guy who reneges on a promise	Unreliable, you racist prick.
What do you call a bakery owned by a redhead	A Ginger Bread-House
What's blue and sings alone	- Dan  Ackroyd.
What does a National Geographic magazine or a JC Penney catalog have in common	Sorry, the punchline is the joke. If you don't get it, ask your dad.
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill	Running. Jk. Rolling.
What did he green grape say to the purple grape	BREATHE!!!
What do you call 717 dead Hajj pilgrims	A good start. My grandfather died making the Hajj; he fell out of a guard tower. Where do Black Muslims go? The back of the stampede!
What made the insomniac so boring	He just wasn't into resting.
What has more letters than the alphabet	The post office.
What is the difference between a dollar and Lebron James	Lebron James doesnt give you 4 quarters. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oShTJ90fC34
What does Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common	Both their last greatest hits was the wall.
What's the difference between priests and gay men	Priests say Amen and gay men say ahh, men.
What did Ray Charles say when his wife told him she wanted a divorce	I did not see that coming.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard	The spacebar!
What are the 2 rules of success	No1 : Don't tell everything you know.
What prophylactic did the black person rip open while having sex	The doctor's vaginer.
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest	Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
What do you call a young gold digger	A miner
What's long and hard and has cum in it	Cumulative exams.
What do you get when you pour root beer into a square glass	Beer
What is the difference between Scotland and a pregnant woman	A pregnant woman is in Labour
What are you people doing	making this crap up.
What does the flint water crises and Chicago PD have in common	The amount of lead put into black people. (It was funnier over the radio)
What happens when you go to the bathroom scared	A spooky dookie.
What do Mike Piazza, and an altar boy have in common	They were both catchers for the Padres.
What did the fisherman do when he really liked a woman	He invited her over to net fish and krill.
What do you call an ant with five pairs of eyes	Antteneye !
What's the difference between broccoli and cat poop	My dog won't eat broccoli.
What did the Black owner of the BMW do to deserve jail	You mean, black people have to DO something to deserve jail? p.s I know I am going dowwwnn for this
Q: What do you call an Inibrian who has been buried for 1000 years	A: Peat!!!
What's the difference between a cunt punch and fisting	pants
What did Hamlet say when he heard dubstep for the first time	Aye, there's the wub
What do you call a clan for chickens	Coo clucks clan
What is 34.5	69 for midgets
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael Phelps can actually finish off a race
What do you call a hot pepper with nothing inside it	A hollowpeno
What do Brussels sprouts and pubic have in common	You push them to the side and keep eating
What do you call a group of philosophers	An argument.
What do you call an Asian gangster wearing a blue bandana	A rice crippy.
What does Matt Damon call thrift shopping	Goodwill Hunting.
What did the doctor say to the terminally ill deaf patient	Now, this may be difficult to hear...
What do 9/10 people love	Gangrape.
What is the Easter Bunny's favourite state  capital	Albunny New York!
What's worse than 5 dead babies in 1 trash can	1 dead baby in 5 trash cans
What's the difference between a bad mechanic and a politician	With the mechanic, there's a shot something might get fixed...
[Star Wars spoiler] What did Han.... Tell Leia after they separated	----- *May Divorce be with you.*
What did one bird say to the other bird when he played five aces in a poker game	Cheat, cheat, cheat.
What does Paul Inces mum make for Christmas	Ince pies !
What vegetable was on the badge in the cab	A CABBAGE!
what the	why are all the prices $4.20? and where are all the potato chips? *walmart rollback guy is passed out in a box of clearance DVDs*
What type of car did Yoda eat	A BMW i8
What fish tastes great with peanut butter	Jellyfish
What does trump call the loose skin around a vagina	A woman
What is the irrational fear of Chuck Norris otherwise known as	A completely rational fear.
What's the Indian way of saying 'Bread of Heaven'	Is it: A) Holy Loaf B) Sacred Baguette Or C) Naan of the above
What do they do in Alabama when their car breaks down	Build a house next to it.
What's the best thing about twenty nine year olds	There's 20 of them
What do you call a guy who plays the guitar unplugged	An amputee
What do you call a German Barber	Herr Cut.
What do you call an anorexic with thrush	A quarter pounder with cheese
What has 341 teeth and holds back The Hulk	My zipper.
What do you call a german who is afraid of enclosed spaces	Klaustrophobic
What do you get when you cross a drunk woman with a tactical grenade	Flash-banged. ;)
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer	Ash
Whats the difference between me and a calendar	A calendar has dates.
What is green and has 4 wheels	Grass, I lied about the wheels.
What's Queen Elsa's favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
[Dark Humor] Whats the difference between a baby and a trampoline	You take your shoes off before you step on a trampoline [Probally heard this but it's worth a shot]
What type of pants does Mario wear	denimdenimdenim...denimdenimdenim...
What has 125 teeth and prevents a savage beast from escaping	My zipper.
What is a nazi's favourite food	Luftwaffles
What is Putin's favorite new ballot	Crimea River
What is the black kid getting for Christmas	Your T.V.
What is the opposite of pro	Con. What is the opposite of progress? Congress.
What is in common between a napkin and a person	If you sleep with a person, he/she is ur nap-kin.
What do electricians get for Christmas	Shorts!
What do you call a cat that's guilty of infidelity	A cheetah
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph because he's not a full essay.
What do gay horses like	Big fat horse cock.
What is the worst thing about locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic	Having to go inside and ask for a coat hanger.
What do you call a group of rabbits, standing single file, hopping backwards	A receding hare line!
What do you call a potato wearing glasses	A spectator.
What do you call an army tow-truck	Camotow
What type of animals are put on envelopes	Seals.
What do you get if you cross a hairdresser and a bucket of cement	Permanent waves !
What do you a zombie eating ice cream	Braaaaaaiiiiiiin freeze
What type of computer sings	A Dell.
What's the capital of Zimbabwe	Hyper-inflated.
what flavor of ice cream do you wish existed	? shaq sweat, nickelodeon slime, or maybe even dog the bounty hunter mullet flavored wow
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly a dick in someones mouth.
What if we've got it backwards	Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
What is the difference between USA and USB	One connects to all of your devices and accesses the data, the other is a hardware standard.
What is enjoyed if it is wanted and hated if its not	Democracy
What do Emos and automatic lights have in common	They'll both off themselves eventually.
what do you call a number of pie that was eaten illegally	Pie rate!
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your ass. hey-yo!
What did the calculus teacher tell the crew of his submarine while they were diving	Derive, derive, derive!
What do you call a man who cries while he pleasures himself	. A tearjerker
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers	One is a Goodyear, and the other is a great year.
What do robots eat	A bit of this and a byte of that. Courtesy of /u/DabsyGalore here http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1dnslv/i_made_a_working_rollercoaster_using_only_canned/c9s630i
What did the chronic masturbator say to his ex-girlfriend	I'm nuttin' without you.
What's long and hard and full of seamen	A submarine
what did the zero say to the eight	nice belt
What is your best orphan/dark joke	This will hopefully be sfw but my have strong words.
What's black and sits in the back of a cop car	The seat
What do you call a pregnant stewardess	Pilot error
What makes the Japanese better than Al Qaeda	At least the Japanese were considerate enough to bring their own planes
What's a white supremacist's favourite fast food restaurant	KKKFC
What do you call it when the host of Who Wants to be a Millionaire messes up while reading the question	A Regis Error.
What is the definition of trust	Gay cannibals
what's the difference between cocaine and a 4 year old	Eric Clapton would never let cocaine fall out a window
What do you call an elephant that looks like a rhino	'Elephino.
What is Kylo Ren's favorite drink	Supreme Liter Coke.
What car does Boba Fett drive	A ManDeLorean!
What's the difference between eating pussy and eating apple pie	You can eat your mom's apple pie.
What do you call a blind deer	No-eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs? *Still* no-eye deer.
What type of memory card is always laughing	The XD card.
What's the difference between Bird Flu and Swine Flu	One requires tweetment, the other requires oinkment. I'll see myself out.
what sex position produces the ugliest children	ask your parents
What do you get when you cross worms with elephants	Big holes in your garden
What was the name of the pharao that screwed everything up	Ineptitut.
What do you call a gathering of otolaryngologists	An ENTmoot.
What happens when the USSR gets back together	A Soviet Reunion.
What's brown and sticky	A stick. ^^^^^I'll ^^^^^just ^^^^^see ^^^^^myself ^^^^^out ^^^^^now
What does a fish say when he hits concrete	Dam! A customer told me that joke, equipped with an "" old guys rule"" shirt and a hardy fist bump.
What did Adam say to Eve	Stand back! I don't know how big this thing gets.
What is the world's leading cause of hearing loss	Religion.
What does Melania say to the Donald after sex	Next time *I* suck Bill's dick while YOU watch.
What are the two biggest lies in Wyoming	My truck is paid for, and honestly officer, I was just helping the sheep over the fence.
What do you call a fake noodle	... An Impasta!
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto
What is hard when it goes in your mouth but comes out soft and sticky	A gumball.
What do Amish people catch when they start using technology	Mennonitis!
What did the salt say to the pepper	Season's greetings!
What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus	Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus...
What do you call a septic cat	pussy.
What two places can you find a California roll	Sushi bars and stop signs. Source: am southern Oregonian; lots of bad Cali drivers here
What do you call the Hamburglar's accomplice	hamburglar helpler
What's a bees favourite novel	The Great Gats-bee !
What do blind people drive	A cataract.
What did they say about the guy who woke up and jerked off on his alarm clock every day	He always came on time.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalottapuss
What did the Medieval Gynecologist say to his patients	At your cervix, m'lady
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	a pilot, you racist.
What is Meghan Trainor's favorite instrument	A double quarter pounder with cheese.
What did the farmers daughter say when she lost her virginity	Get off me dad your crushing my smokes!
What did one ISIS member say to another	IED mubarak..
What's the term for when the pool breaks during water birth	A midwife crisis.
What is the easiest way to know if a rabbit is homosexual	His carrot smells like shit
What do you get when you mix an elf and a scientologist	Elrond Hubbard!
What do you call a bodyless person, without a nose	Nobody Nose.
What do turtles do for fun	Play hide and shell.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An investigator!
What's the difference between Jesus and the painting of the Last Supper	You only need one nail to hang the painting.
What TV station do bees watch	Bee bee c one!
What is worse than three kids in trash can	One kid in three trash cans
What happens when you cross a snowman and a vampire	You get a frostbite.
What do you get if you cross a vampire and a mummy	Something you wouldn't want to unwrap !
What's the hardest part to eat when eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What is the Easter Bunny's favourite sport	Basket-ball of course!
What do you call a gypsy in a suit	The defendant
What is the number 1 rule at a computer bar	Always tip your server.
What do women and dog shit have in common	The older they are the easier they are to pick up.
What's pirates' favourite meme	Ayy lmao
What was the primary role of the aristocrats during the French revolution	They put their head into it.
What is the only time a man thinks about a candlelight dinner	When the power goes off.
What do you call it when a Dinosaur can't perform in bed	A reptile dysfunction. Thank high me for that one.
What do you call it when batman skips church	Christian Bale
What do you call a Unicorn with his horn cut off	a Eunuch-horn! :D
Q: What's the difference between trumpet  players and government bonds	A: Government bonds eventually mature and earn money.
What's an oven's favorite comedy routine	Deadpan.
What do Catholics and Baptists have in common	Neither acknowledge their fellow church-goers at the liquor store.
What'd the fish say when he ran into a wall	Dam!
What do you call a Jew with Down Syndrome	A baked potato.
What's the difference between light and hard	I can go to sleep with the light on.
What did one lesbian frog say to the other	We do taste like chicken.
What happened to Han when Chewie wouldn't do the marathon	He Ran Solo...
What starts with E, ends with E and has only one letter	An envelope!
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall	Dam.
What comes after 69	Neither Alan Rickman nor David Bowie
What's the difference between a chair and an asshole	You are not a chair...
What's the difference between driving a car on an empty tank of gas and having diarrhea	One you're running on fumes, the other you're fuming with the runs.
What do you call mustard that's not very hot	Air condijoned. I'll see myself out.
What did the police officer say to his stomach	I've got you under a vest.
What did the male titanic say to the female titanic	Nothing he just broke the ice.
What do the LGBT community and computers have in common	Most people over 50 are scared of them and think they are destroying the fabric of society!
What do you call an elf that sings	A wrapper.
What did the fish say when it ran into the wall	Damn
What do you call a man with his big toe above his shin	Tony
What do you call a pig that was murdered	A ham-i-cide
What do you call a Buffalo Sabres shirt	A Tank Top
What's a pirates favorite letter	R, C, I and P are all pretty much equal
What is a guy with ED favorite saying	I'm going to PUMP YOU UP!
What do you call someone who's only part Jew	Jewish
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Ferrari	I don't make cheap leather out of Ferraris.
What do you call an angle that is cute	Acute angle.
What do you call a jelly bear that died and came back	A mummy bear
What did the Nazi/Islamist soccer team say when they lost the game	The shoes did it!
What's the difference between Santa and a pimp	Santa has just 3 Ho's...
What's the worst thing about being a Jehovah's witness	Nobody asks, 'who's there?' when you try and tell a knock knock joke.
What would you call a Russian invasion of Alaska	Ice [Krim](http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%D0%9A%D1%80%D1%8B%D0%BC)
What does Tumblr and KFC's chicken have in common	They both contain high amounts of trans fats.
What kind of olives do I like	Olive them
What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist	One wags a tail and the other tags a whale.
What did the goldsmith say when he stubbed his toe	Au
What do you call a boy raised by a feminist	Serial killer
What's orange and can't climb a tree	Donald Trump.
What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce in it's eye	Chicken caesar salad.
What did the tie say to the neck	I think I'll just hang around.
What do you call a Vicar on a motorbike	Rev
What do you call a whore house with only men	A bro-thel
What language do pigs speak	Depends on which country they're from.
What do the starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both go to Uranus to wipe out the Klingons. [old classic]
What did the blind man say when he was asked what he thought about the renovation plan of his house	I don't know.. I just don't see it.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker and a hooker with diarrhea	One shucks between fits, and the other fucks between shits.
What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile	Q: What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile? A: Crocodile Dunsee
What's a ghost's favorite data type	BOO-lean!
Q: What do a dildo and soy beans have in common	A: They are both substitute meats.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the batmobile.
What is the first sign of spring	Two rednecks carrying a heater into the pawn shop.
What is a gay boxer's favorite drink	Fruity punch
What do you get if you cross a cow with an octopus	A cow that can milk itself !
What did Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common	They both had curds in their whey.
What do you call it when you fuck a teenager with a bottle of hot sauce	Srirachatory rape.
What do you get when you put a dinosaur and a bomb together	Dinomite!!!!! *budum tssst*
What do you call a mentally challenged Jew	Auschwistic
What's the most common blood type in Canada	Eh.
What happened to the guy who cooled himself to -273.15 C	He was 0K.
What's the difference between a girl that's praying and a girl that's having a bubble bath	One has hope in her soul, The other has soap in her hole.
What's black, white, and red all over	A dying nun.
What do a priest and an Olympic silver medalist have in common	They both came in a little behind.
What's more illegal than marijuana	My Mexican neighbor
What did the CN tower say to the clouds	?? Only the tip baby, I promise!
What does a member of the British Royal Family say when they are reaching climax	I""m arriving, I'm arriving.
What does C3PO stand for	Because he's got rusty knees.
What's brown, and ryhmes with Snoop	Dr. Dre......
What's A Pirate's Favorite thing too do	Hook up
What's the difference between a joke and a religion	Jokes are rarely offered as an excuse for civilised people to kill other people.
[offensive] What is a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross-country
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons	Jose and Hose ""B.
What do radical feminists and Game of Thrones have in common	All men must die.
What did the fisher say to the fishkin	Catch you later
What did the little ghost give his mom for  Mother's Day	A booquet of flowers.
What did the silkworm comment on the message board	This thread is shit.
What do you call someone who tops Darth Vader during sex	An Invader.
What did Sigmund Freud do for mother's day	His mom.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler	Hitler had a plan.
What's a dick's favorite song	You're so vein.
What's long, hard, and full of seamen	A submarine.
What do you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other	A speech impediment.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What's Canada's favorite board game	Sorry
What's the difference between Politicians and Thieves	Thief: They steal your money then run Politician: They run and then steal your money
What's the capital of Greece	About 10 dollars.
What animal's alphabet is just like ours	A Baby Ceel's
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my dick down your throat.
What do you call a teenage cheese cracker	Chee-zits I made this up. *bows* Thank you, thank you...thank you so much.
Q: What did the man do after being found guilty of sabotaging the moon mission	A: He Apollo-gized.
What do you call jokes that belong to everyone	/r/Jokes
What's a Scientologist's favourite piece of furniture in Rivendell	Elrond's cupboard.
What's it called when you a kill a sapling	Arbortion
What do you call a mentally retarded chef	A slow cooker
Whats the most common day to get sick on	Achoosday
What's the difference between justice and relevant ethnic groups in America	Justice isn't always black and white
What's a specimen	Mama mia, it's an Italian astronaut!
What Did the Dog Say to the Chipmunk	Woof.
What did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his toe	Mitosis!
What do you call a Bronie in the military	A GIbronie!
What do you call a tortoise in a shell suit	A tortoise.
What do you call it when a German hits you with a loaf of bread	Gluten Tag And when a hippie hits you with a loaf of bread? Flour power And when a lot of people do it at the same time? a rye-ot
What were Jeffery Dahmer's last words when confronted about social awkwardness leading to his crimes	If you can't eat them, boil them.
What does the titanic and the canucks have in common	They both fail big time when they hit the ice..
What's the best thing about fucking twenty-three year olds	There's twenty of them
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef!
What is the worst city to be a cop in	Baltimore, I hear it's backbreaking work.
What do you call a religious dairy farmer	Cheesus Christ
What did Mozart and Beethoven do whilst in the grave	Decompose
Q: What's the best way to make pants last	A: Make the jacket first.
Q: What did the duck say when she bought some lipstick	A: Put it on my bill.
What do you get when you cross a killerwhale and a cow	I don't know but don't try to milk it!
What's a composer's favourite childhood game	Haydn seek.
What does a Mexican cop say when he wishes you a Merry Christmas	Police Navidad.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef.
What is Hillary Clinton's stance on Islamic State	That depends on what the definition of ISIS.
What's Whitney Houstons's favourite type of co-ordination	HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE
What did the metaphysicist say when he came out of the bathroom	shit just got real!
What did the pig call a manuscript	A shoat story.
What's a cow's favourite love  song	When I fall in love it will be for heifer.
What's a dyslexic stoner's favorite phone brand	HTC.
What's better than winning a gold medal in the quadriplegic (crippled) Olympics	Walking.
What did the calf say to the silo	Is my fodder in there?
What do you call a Mexican that buys antiques in America	An American Spicker
What's the difference between a microwave and a Muslim	A microwave doesn't blow up every time the timer goes off.
What do you call a bear in the rain	A drizzly bear
What does a priest and a christmas tree have in common	The balls are for decoration!!! :) &lt;3 Source:
What is the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	The porcupine has its pricks on the outside.
What criminal doesn't take baths	A dirty crook.
what's a banana's favorite gymnastic event	The splits
What do you call a green polo shirt	Collared greens
Q: What do you call a frog with no hind legs	A: Unhoppy!!
What did the dog say when it sat on a piece of sandpaper	Ruff!
What do you call a lesbian who drives a Chevy Astro full of penises	A Dick Van Dyke
What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts	Silicon Valley.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	BREATHE!
What do you call a prostitute with her hands up her own skirt	Self Employed
what's the difference between Rosie O'Donnell and a stab wound	one is a fat and nasty unbearable gash,..... and the other is a fucking stab wound.
What's so dark about blonde jokes	They still haven't figured out how to screw in the lightbulb
what am I	I'm owned by every man, though my length differs. Their wives use me after getting married Last Name
What's the most frustrating part about being a sheep farmer	Every time you try to take inventory, you fall asleep.
What does a penis and an ego have in common	All men have one!
what do you call female-to-male sexual reassignment surgery	an addadicktomy
What kind of an erection does a necrophiliac get	Mourning wood! :)
What's Pac-Man's favourite holiday destination	[Wagga Wagga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wagga_Wagga)
What's the best way to cross the border	In the trunk of a car.
What do you do with a sick boat	Take it to the docktor!
What kind of name for a storm is ""Debby	Hurricanes should have names like ""Satan"" No one should have their house destroyed by ""Heather.
What do you call a blonde that dyed her hair brown	Artificial Intelligence.
What would she do for $20	Wasn't there a joke before posted about asking what a girl would do for $20 or something? A dirty joke? I'm trying to find it but I can't....
What are three words you don't want to hear during sex	Honey, I'm home!
What is the TSA's favorite movie	Inspection.
What does school and the male reproductive organ have in common	Most of the time it's hard and long - unless you're Asian.
What do you call children who are afraid of Santa	They are Clausaphobic
what's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	Ones a crusty bus station and ones a busty crustacean!
What do you call a smiling Roman with a hair in his teeth	Gladiator.
What do you call a chicken looking at a lettuce	Chicken sees-a-salad
What has 8 legs and makes a woman scream	Gang rape
What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty	Are you my mother?
What starts with an 'M', ends with 'arriage', and recently made me the happiest man alive	Miscarriage
What did one snowman say to the other snowman	Smells like carrots.
What is the difference between a washing machine and a girl	A washing machine doesn't follow you around after you dump a load in it.
What do you call a window that can rap	Two Panes
What do you call a lobster dressed up as Santa	Santa Claws
What happened when the icicle landed on the sowmman's head	It knocked him cold.
What did the doctors office say to the hurricane	Sorry, we don't take any Joaquins
What did the slut's left leg say to her right leg	Nothing. They've never met.
What vegetable needs a plumber	A leek.
What nationality is Santa Claus	North Polish
Q: Whats the difference between purple and pink	A: The grip.
What is Fortunato's one weakness	Cryptonight.
What do you call a man whose wife was the Queen, his daughter a Princess and his boss an Emperor, but he himself is no royal	Darth Vader.
What happens when a T-rex gets strep	His throat becomes saurus.
What did the CPU say to the RAM	Sorry to cache you out but I want the data closer. The RAM replied: you're right, ""life"" is too short.
What was Hitler's favourite beer	Pure blonde
what does clark kent have for breakfast	alter-eggos
What's worse than a plastic bag filled with dead babies	Nickelback
What did the carpet say to the floor	Don't move -- I've got you covered.
What did one mexican say to the other mexican when there were no room in the van	Yo no space.
What the Girlfriend, the Mistress and the Wife say Girlfriend: Are you done already	Mistress: Are you done yet? Wife: Beige... I think I'll paint the ceiling beige...
what do you call 2 gay overweight physicists touching tips	A large Hardon collider
What kind of pig do sows dislike	Male Chauvinist Pigs.
What do gay horses eat	Horse dick
What do you call spaghetti made by Jamaican	Rasta Pasta.
What kind of chicken is circumcised and suffers from E.D.	A boneless, skinless chicken!
What's the difference between a bmw driver and a porcupine	A porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
What did the cannibal who was late to the dinner party get	The left-ovaries.
What do priests and Christmas trees have in common	Their baubles are just for decoration.
What do horses drink at the bar	Chardon-neigh
What do you call a cheap vasectomy	A rip off.
What's the best thing about a poet in a prison	Oh you know, it has its prose and cons. Badum Tish. Be gentle, first time here.
What's the difference between Jesus and picture of Jesus	It takes only one nail to hold the picture up
What is Forest Gump's password	1forest1
What are baby witches called	Halloweenies.
What do you call a woman who does not have all her toes on one foot	Normal
What's the worst part about meeting someone with Parkinson's	Shaking hands.
What do you get when you cross a sheep and a porcupine	Nobody knows, but whatever it is, it knits its own sweaters.
What goes ""clip-clop-clip-clop-bang	An Amish drive by.
What do you call a woman leaving an abortion clinic	Dead on the inside...
What do you get when you put rootbeer in a square glass	Beer.
What type of jokes do Sikhs hate	Puns
What kind of whale flies	Pilot whales!
What do they call deepthroating in Asia	They don't have a word for it.
What does an old lady's crotch taste like	Depends.
What's the difference between a Blonde and a person with a different colour of hair	The blonde sure doesn't know.
What moisturiser do bullfighters use	Olay.
What do you call the sexual tension between Hillary and Bill Clinton	The Bern
What do fishermen do at a their conferences	Network.
What did the suicide bombing instructor say to his students	Pay attention. I'm only going to show this to you once.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination	HAND-EEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEE
What does it taste like to go down on a little old lady	Depends
What do I and Ronda Rousey have in common	neither of us can last more than a minute :(
What do computers eat when they get hungry	Chips.
What do you call a fat Irish family	The o'Beses.
What does Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have in common	Jeffrey Epstein.
What did Charles Darwin name his book about food	*On the Origin of Feces*
What do you call a muslim sitting on a plane	A passenger
What did the hat say to the belt	You hang around I'll go on ahead
What do you get when you mate an elephant with a poodle	A poodle split in half.
What did the lonely lumberjack use to get laid	TINDERRRRR!!!!
What's another name for a clever duck	A wise quacker !
What are the three rings of marriage	The engagement ring, the wedding ring and the suffering.
What if Rob Lowe robbed Lowes	Just imagine the crazy headlines. They'd probably say something like... ""Rob Lowe Robs Lowes
What's black and comes in little white cans	My favorite Michael Jackson joke.
What concert costs 45 cents	50 Cent feat. Nickelback Go ahead, down vote me to oblivion Edit: thanks for all the love, appreciated
What do (does	) Rihanna and Onion Rings have in common? They're both battered.
What do you get when you cross a Sith Lord, and a Donkey	Darth Mule! A joke, from third grade me... Happy Star Wars day!
What do Me, Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny have in common	You guessed it: we're all white.
What kind of overalls does mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What do you call a Germany virgin	Good 'n' Tight
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public	A private tutor.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	You would think it's 'R' but it's really the 'C'.
What do you call a cross dressed robot	Android-gynous
What do you call a gorilla with a banana in each ear	Whatever you want, he can't hear you..
What did the colon tell the large intestine after several hours' worth of diarrhoea	Get your shit together
What does Kim Jong Un do when he's angry	[removed]
What's the difference between five dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a retard covered in water	Flame retardant
What is the difference between Hitler and a car	A car can finish a race
What do you do with a dead chemist	Barium -old but good
What is the most popular band in Japan	Fall Out Boy
What deadly disease can bowls contract	Ebowla
What do you call a group of thirsty Rabbi's with a tan	Orange Jews
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer	Ash.
What do you call Italian marijuana	A pizza joint
What's in a honeymoon salad	Lettuce alone, without dressing ...
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers	Hung
What do you call a space pub filled with white chicks	The Mos Eisley can't even.
What's a golf club's favorite type of music	Swing!
What did the hopeless romantic baker say to the dough	You're my life's devotion. I knead you!
What do you call camp for starving cats	Meow-schwitz.
What's the difference between a redneck couple, and two variables in a dataset	The variables aren't necessarily related.
What's wrong with lawyer jokes	Lawyers don't think they're funny, and nobody else thinks they're jokes.
What's the difference between iFunny features and the gif subreddit	A week.
Whats blue and slippery	A blue slipper
What's the pope's favorite power tool	A cathedrill
What do you call someone who talks to others in public restrooms	A urinarrator.
What does an aardvark get when he overeats	Ant-digestion!
What kind of computer says ""Hello""	A Dell
Whats the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo	one's really heavy and the others a little lighter!
What's the difference between a gun and a wife	You can silence a gun.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheet!!
What has 72 legs and 26 teeth	The first row of a country concert.
What type of pasta is no longer used in Canada	Penny ...
What do Africans say when they hear something funny	That's fucking malarious
What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops	Guardians of the galaxy
What do... Gay horses eat...	? Hey!!
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe	Fur traders....
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	You can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What did Jesus say to Peter	Hebrew
What does a new Tesla car smells like	Elon Musk
What do you call the misuse of a meme	A misdememer.
What's Brown and sounds like a bell	...DUNG!
What did Jesus say to all the black people before he died on the cross	Don't do anything till I come back.
Q: What's the differents between Bill Clinton and an elephant	A: About 20 pounds and a jogging suit.
What's a bananas favourite business to own	A peel-estate business
What did the FSB call the dissident who had been shot fifteen times in the head	The worst case of suicide they'd ever seen.
What is a pirates favorite firework	M80
What do you get if you cross a bee with a  parrot	An animal that's always telling you how busy it is!
Whats your best ""This is so bad that ____"" joke	For example, ""this is so bad TBS just picked it up for 6 episodes.
What does the Scottish man say after love making	I love ewe!
What does a greek say when gets his salary	Danke!
What's the difference between a customer and a weatherman	One knows he's not always right.
What do we want	! LOW FLYING AIRPLANE NOISES! When do want them?! NNNNNNEEEEEEOOOOOOOWWWW!!!
What kind of music do phones love to hear	A symphony
What was Jesus's least favourite exercise class	Pontius Pilates.
What does a War Boy from Mad Max say when he goes to court to sign an affidavit	WITNESS ME!
What do you call a deer with no eyes	I have no eye deer. (said with redneck twang)
Q: What is the range of a tuba	A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm.
What did the man do after being found guilty of sabotaging the moonmission	He Apollo-gized.
What is the difference between the government and the Mafia	One of them is organized.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of it's paws and the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
What's black, red, and blue all over	Rihanna.
What's a roosters favorite sport	Professional Cock Soccer.
What do you call a car full of nuns	Virgin Mobile
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler	Hitler started out as a good guy.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish	One is a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other is a fish.
What does an 80 year old lesbian taste like	Depends
What do you here when Mickey and Minnie are doing it	Squeak, Squeak, Squeak
What's the difference between an establishment where alcohol is served and an elephant passing gas	One is a Bar Room, the other is a BAROOOM!
What do you get when you cross a bunny with a  spider	A harenet.
What is hairy on the outside, wet and fleshy on the inside, begins with C and ends with T, and has both a U and a N in it	Coconut
What do a Florida hurricane, a Kansas tornado, and an Arkansas divorce have in common	Some poor sap's gonna lose a trailer.
What do you call a Mexican Jedi	The chosen Juan.
What lights up a football stadium	A football match!
What kind of man was Boaz before he got married	Ruth-less.
What's the difference between a high and drunk driver	The drunk driver goes through the stop sign, while the high driver waits for it to turn green.
What's more effective than an islamic call to prayer	A rape whistle.
What is a Jedi's favorite car company	Toyoda
What's Elon Musk's favorite band	The Cult.
What is grey and comes in quarts	an elephant.
What day does an Easter egg hate the most	Fry-days.
What do you call a failed resistance	Ohmless
What do you get when you throw a hand grenade into a bathroom in France	Linoleum Blownapart
What is the most offensive coffee to tornado victims	House blend.
What's a Jedi's favourite programming language	JabbaScript
What fills the entire volume of its container and may become volatile and explosive when compressed	NYC subway commuters.
What did the farmer say when he found dynamite in one of his cows	This is a bomb in a bull.
What did the aardvark say when he lost the race to the ant	If you can't beat 'em eat 'em!
Q: What do you call two spiders who just got married	A: Newlywebs.
What is the difference between a black person and a tire	The tire doesn't sing gospels when you put it in chains.
What did the ghost say to the bee	Boobee!
What do you call a German who cringes a lot	Vince
What's the difference between a corn shucker with epilepsy and a whore with diarrhea	The corn shucker shucks between fits...
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu	If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment!!!!
What's the saddest thing about being a chicken	You only get laid once.
What do you call it when a sheep sells his wool for money	Cashearing! (Joke I made up last night at work, so be gentle with me)
What's the difference between a German and a Scot	The German knows when he's not speaking English.
What do the Seattle Seahawks and school in July have in common	No class.
What's the difference between a clever midget and my ex-girlfriend, the trackstar	One's a cunning runt... and I forget the rest, but your mother is a whore.
What did the cannibal get when he showed up late to the party	A cold shoulder
WHAT DO WE WANT	The ability to ask different questions WHAT DO WE WANT? See this is what we were talking about
What starts with ""W"" and ends with ""ife""	Nevermind, this riddle is too easy.
What do you get when you cross a horse, an elephant, and a rhino	Helephino.
What would you call a 50 cent concert featuring Nickelback	The 45 cent show
What do you call a Black Fisherman	Jailbait.
What is Mexico's favorite sport	Cross-country
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hareline.
What do Japanese emperors and rappers have in common	They're both wondering where their ninjas are at.
What do you call a belt made out of watches	A waist of time...
What do you call a Flaming Homosexual	A hate crime.
What was special about Three-Eyed Suzie	She had no legs.
What do you call hand warmers scattered throughout a room	Intermittens.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	Getting her off the wheelchair.
What do you call a Ethiopian with gonorrhoea	A quarter pounder with cheese.
What kind of jeans does mario wear	[Denim denim denim.](http://youtu.be/rdnTvgK2o5I) ^^^^^^shamelessly ^^^^^^stolen ^^^^^^from ^^^^^^tumblr
What was the physicist's favorite football team	The Houston Eulers.
What do you call a pig that does karate	*A pork chop.*
What does a carpenter do after one night stand	A matching one for the other side of the bed.
what did one car say to the other	we are cars
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotopuss.
What's black and white black and white black and white	A nun rolling down a hill.
What do you call a camel in a car	A camel auto!
What's the difference between a decrepit rickety bus and the Egyptian god of death	One is an old bus and the other is Anubis.
What piece of furniture can you find in a gay frat house	A bromosectional
What do you say when God sneezes	Go bless yourself.
What do you call shy bladder incidents	Frozen pees
What's an acceptable absolute zero	0K.
what is a female journalist returning from India famous for	Banged up abroad!
What did the Terminator say when he decided to take up piano	I'll be bach.
What do you call a joke about black people	African hilarious one!
What do you call innocent women and children dying in the middle east	Freedom
What is a long distance love	It's when you're in the office, bed is at home and whiskey is in the bar.
What's the difference between a ginger and a brick	A brick gets laid
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches	A nervous wreck.
what do you call a baby donkey in spanish	a burrito.
What do broccoli and sex have in common	NSFW If you were forced to have it as a child you're gonna hate it as an adult.
What do hand grenades and wives have in common	Remove the ring and your house is gone.
What do you call a Mexican pervert	A pedrophile
What has a bottom at its top	My life ( ._.)
What's the difference between this post and a fire truck	A fire truck is red and has four wheels while this post is a complete fucking waste of your time.
What did The Beatles say when a hot but unexpected guest showed up at their bukkake party	Here comes the sun!
What's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 2 years	Whitney Houston's crack pipe.
What do you call a dinosaur that likes spicy food	A mega-sore-ass.
what do people in the German Alps say before they are about to do something crazy	YO-da-lay-hee-LO
what do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards	A receding hairline
What do you call a camel with 3 humps	Pregnant Dad joke courtesy of my child
What do you call a big trash can	A dumpster. LOLOLOLOL
What do you call a slutty a gun	A fl-uzi
What do you call a chicken with political ambition	Republic-hen
What does a cannibal eat with cheese	Pickled organs.
What does an assassin do in the waiting room	He kills time. (I'll get the door after my appointment)
What did the mushroom say to the chef	Don't eat me! I'm a fun guy!
What do you get when you cross a flea with a rooster	An itchy cock.
what happens when you're singing in the shower and get soap in your mouth	it becomes a soap opera
What's brown and ryhmes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you call a person who falls onto  you on a train	A laplander !
What's similar between a 9v battery and an asshole	Your tongue ends up on it even though you know it's wrong.
What moved less than Jenny McCarthy's forehead tonight	Mariah Carey's mouth.
What does Julius Ceasar say after sex	Veni.
What's the difference between ten dead hookers and the stuff in my basement	Nothing.
What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg	Between the two of us we can make a lot of money.
What do you call a Mexican Goat	Amigoat
Q: What do college students and deer have in  common	A: They both stand in the middle of the road and stare at your headlights.
What is it called when someone gets destroyed at online chess	Extreme Pawnage
What do you do when an elephant comes in your window	You swim!
What happens when two smurfs are in love	They smuck
What's the difference between a book and a Mexican	The book has papers.
What does the dentist of the year get	...A little plaque.
What is an Ewoks favorite hotel accommodation	An Endor Pool!
What is the difference between my dick and my life	Life is harder.
What's a pirate's favourite letter	A P. Because it's like an ARR, but it's missing a leg.
What do you call 2 gay Mexicans in bed	A Juan-on-Juan
What happens when an Illuminati member works out and gets really buff	He becomes an Illumi-hottie
What's the world's longest sentence	.... I do.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
What did the bus conductor say to the frog	Hop on.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian bail.
What do Hillary Clinton and OJ Simpson have in common	They got away with it.
What is long, brown and covered in flies	The welfare line.
What's the difference between Jesus and a Mexican	Jesus didn't have a bunch of tattoos of a Mexican...
What's the difference between Stanley Yelnats and the rest of the kids in Holes	He was just a nerdy digger.
What do you call low class gay women	Plesbians
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	just trying to fit in.
[NSFW] What do you do when your penis starts acting up	Beat the fuck out of it!
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend	About 35 pounds
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic agnostic who has insomnia	A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
What kind of shoes to pedophiles wear	White Vans.
What do shingles and fat white women have in common	Eventually both will be nailed by a mexican
What does Michael J Fox do when his son parks in his space	He Park in son's space
What form of hand-to-hand combat did the Nazis use	Jew Jitsu
What's the difference between a firstborn prince and a baseball	A baseball is thrown to the air.
What do you call pigs in a demolition derby	Crashing boars.
What happened when the wheel was invented	It caused a revolution.
What's the definition of a Yankee	Same thing as a ""quickie"", only you do it yourself.
What's the best part about having sex with a tranny	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What do you say to someone with a bladder problem	Urine trouble.
Q: What can you find in a man's pants that is about six inches long has a head on it and that women love so much that they often blow it	A: a $20 bill
What kind of tree barks	A dogwood!!
What do we want	Time travel! When do we want it? Irrelevant.
What do you call the son of a Mexican and an Israeli	Jewnor.
What do you call the inhabitants of London	Arabs
What's the square root of 69	ate something
What's the difference between a baby and a freezer	a freezer doesn't scream when you put your meat in it
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband	45 minutes.
What does the Chicago Cubs's name stand for	Completely Useless By September
What's the difference between erotic and kinky	Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.
What did the policeman say when the Arabic man escaped from jail	GOTTA CATCH JAMAL
What did Wendy do when she first saw Captain Hook	She Peedherpants
What's the difference between a run-down Greyhound stop and a crabby, decrepit prosititute	The first is a crusty bus station, whereas the second is an accurate description of your mother.
What do you call a woman with an opinion	Wrong
Whats the hardest part eating a vegetable	The wheelchair
What do you call a Black Jew	.....a menorah-tee.
What is black and white and black and white and black and white	A nun falling down stairs
What is, aside from being rubber, the similarity between an old car tire and 365 used condoms	It was a Good Year...
What's the dirtiest thing ever said at a gay bar	Excuse me sir, do you mind if I push in your stool?
What brand of vodka does a Canadian drink	Grey Moose
What did the hero say during the September 11 attacks	Allah akbar!
What do you call a naughty Yazidi child	A little devil
What Greek tragedy was written by a neckbeard	[Tips fedora] ""M'dea.
What does a chemist say when he's pouring water into an acid	Drop the base.
What did the roman soldier say after crucifying Jesus	Nailed it
What do you call a person of mixed heritage from eastern Turkey/northern Iraq, and from Wisconsin	A Cheese Kurd.
What do sex and air have in common	It's no big deal unless you aren't getting any. Heard on the radio.
What do you call a diseased duck	A Mallardy.
Q: What did Dahmer do when he finished his vegetables	A: He threw away their wheelchairs!
What does a horny assassin do	Netflix and Kill.
What did the pineapple say to the coconut	Pina Colada!
What do you call.... nuts on the wall	Walnuts. nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. nuts on your chin? Chinnuts? No! A dick in your mouth.
What do you get if you inject a baby goat with chimpanzee DNA	Thrown out of the petting zoo.
What could Boston Marathon Bombers do that Hitler couldn't	End a race.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef. The Laughing Stock joke reminded me of this one.
What's the worst part about fucking your grandma	Banging your head on the coffin lid.
What's a basketball players favorite kind of cheese	Swish cheese.
What's the current number one song in Russia	Crimea river
What's common between a bungee jumper and a hooker	If the rubber snaps, you're screwed
What do you get when you put human DNA in a monkey	A lifetime ban from the Zoo
What do u call a spanish man with a rubber toe	Roberto
What do Sea Monsters eat	Fish and Ships.
What was the first mention of soccer in the bible	When Jesus went up for the cross.
What's the difference between humor and odor	Humor is a shift of wit...
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	'ell if I know!!!
What does the snicker say to the other snicker	DEEZ NUTZ, Ha! Goteem!
What did one casket say to the other casket	Is that you coughin?
What do you call an 800 pound gorilla	Anything he wants to be called.
What do you call a Nun in a Wheelchair	Virgin Mobile.
What do you call someone who rapes a king	A penetraitor.
What did the gay man say to his cheating boyfriend	I see you already have your shit packed, now get out.
What are cows favorite party games	MOO-sical chairs!
What is Kylo Ren's favorite beverage	Supreme Liter Coke
What's big, black and steals you credit card	Sony Playstation 3
What's the hottest album in hell right now	Views from the 666
What species are the best rappers	Dragons, because they're always spittin' fire.
What do you do if a buff black man slaps your girlfriends ass	Tell his owner
What do you call an elephant and a rhino mixed	Asked my buddy ""What would you call an elephant and a rhino mixed?"". He looks at me and says ""Shit man, Helliphino"".
What kind of noise annoys an oyster	A noisy noise annoys an oyster.
What kind of pants do the Mario Bros wear	[Denim denim denim](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=TmnZgBpYG_4&amp;t=5)
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts	Boy Scouts get to leave the camp.
Q: What do call a fish with no eye	A: A fsh.
What does a dyslexic programmer say after a magic trick	Da-Ta!!
What's the difference between GTA V Online and a non-essential government employee	Nothing neither one has been working since Tuesday...
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A Quarter Pounder with cheese.
What does a former CIA agent who leaked classified information and the city of Boston have in common	They're both snowed in.
What kind of cars do rabbits drive	Hop rods.
What's the difference between strange jizz and you	Your mother doesn't love you.
What did the scientist say when he created something super BASIC	ExtraOrdinary
What's the worst part about 4 black guys driving off a cliff in an escalade	They were my friends. :(
What do you call a veal-birthing cow	De-calf
What do you call a grenade thrown into a restaurant in France	French Toast.
What's the easiest way to annoy an anti-vaxxer	Needle them
What is a creationist's favorite button in pokemon	B to cancel evolution
What's the difference between a complimentary cocktail and major brain surgery	One is a free bottle in front of me, the other is a pre-frontal lobotomy.
What do young female monsters do at parties	They go around looking for edible bachelors !
What Do Nuns Call Air Conditioning In A Prison	A convent!
What is a Chihuahua's favorite sport	Miniature golf!
What did the psychiatrist say to the man who walked into his office wearing nothing but saran wrap	I can clearly see you're nuts.
what do you call a fat woman who has 28 men in bed with her each night	yo mama
What starts with the letter ""M"" and picks up metal	Mexicans.
What's Iron Man's favorite carnival ride	The ferrous wheel.
What is the difference between Will Smith and Scotland	Independence Day
What is the name of your Russian coworker you see the next day	C. U. Tomorov
What do you call an alien with three balls	E.T. the extra testicle.
What do a Marionette User and Tampon Thief have in common	They both pull strings for work. (Inspired by Bo Burnham, this popped into my head the other day)
What do you call a vagina that talks back to you	An answering cervix
What's an anagram for Banach Tarski	Ransack Habit
What's 80 feet long and has 22 teeth	The front row of a Ted Nugent concert.
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe	Fur Traders
Q: What do you call a video of pedestrians	A: Footage.
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm	You get squatters.
What's the difference between a baptist and a Presbyterian	A Presbyterian is a Baptist who can read
What do you call a grizzly bear with no teeth	A gummy bear!
What do you call 4 lepers in a hot tub	soup
What do you call a castrated unicorn	A eunuchorn.
What is an umbrella doing in the shower	Practicing
What do you call a large gay man who wears dentures	A gummy bear
What song can never be played on #throwback Thursday	Friday by Rebecca Black
What us the difference between garbage and Jersey Girls	Garbage gets picked up.
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor.
What is it called when a Redditor writes about his life	A meme-oir
What do you call a lamp you send in the mail	Lamp post
What brand of shoes do chickens wear	Reebok bok bok
What's the worst thing that could happen if you don't use a condom	Your parents would know! * My friend said this to me since I'm an only child *
What did the mathematician say after Thanksgiving dinner	(1)/8
What makes an octopus laugh	ten-tickles
What makes a feminist prostitute angry	She gets payed less than the transsexual prostitute.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a big, smelly vagina	If you absolutely had to, you could eat the bowling ball.
What did the candle say when it couldn't sleep due to his own candlelight	There ain't no rest for the wicked
What was the ancient language Link needed a book to translate in ""A Link to the Past""	Hyruleglyphics.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve	Christoper Walken
What do you call a paraplegic with Ebola	A parabola.
What do Caitlin Jenner and the Carolina Panthers have in common	Manning was just a bit too much for them.
What turns you on the most	Water. It makes me wet instantly.
What do women and dog poop have in common	The older they are the easier they are to pick up.
What do you call the medic in a K9 unit	A dogtor.
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and metal balls	Sparky
What does Donald Trump's hair get at the end of each day	[removed]
Whats worse than having to break up with your Japanese girlfriend for the first time	Her not hearing you, so you drop the bomb a 2nd time.
What do you call a retarded jelly	A slow jam.
What do you a call a PC without Garage Band	A Dell
What kind of bees make milk	Boobies.
What kind of bees make milk	Boobies!
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing they're both stuck up bitches.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer	I give a fuck when my computer crashes.
what's better than a dozen roses on a piano	tulips on an organ.
What are Mozart and Beethoven up to these days	They're both Decomposing
What kind of train eats too much	a chew chew train
What do you get when you spend all afternoon replying to your anonymous feedback on Corpell Anonymous Box	Corpell tunnel syndrome
What does 9/11 and cancer have in common	They were both inside Jobs
What's green and spiky and retrieves information at the click of a button	A web Bowser.
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	One is under buck fifty one is under a buck.
What's big but small	A midget's ego.
What's the fastest drink in the world	Sonic the eggnog.
What's the best way to kick a habit today (day after Thanksgiving)	Cold turkey.
What did we call IT before computers	The Mail Room
What do you do when your car is making a really annoying noise	Open the door and kick her out.
What's the difference between the UN and ISIS	The pension package.
What did one mouse say to the other mouse	I get a click out of you.
What's the capital of Greece	About 15 cents.
What's worse than being a tanning salon owner in Africa	Being a Somali Uber driver in Columbus, Ohio.
What's the difference between a sumo and a feminist	A sumo shaves their legs.
What's the difference between a freezer and a faget	When you pull your meet out of a freezer it doesn't fart
What did the grape say when an elephant stepped on him	Nothing, he just let out a little wine.
What kind of meat do priests eat on Friday	Nun
What does Kim Jong-un have in common with gingers	No Seoul.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off. D:
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection	A 1/4 pounder with cheese
What's all natural, well balanced, and comes in pints	An elephant sitting on your fence masturbating.
What do you say to pasta that gets thrown out	Hasta la pasta baby.
What are Muslim men's favorite mathematical equation	Inequalities
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Ack, ack, *choke*
What do you call trees that grow in Tobago	Tobogany.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off	Spitting, swallowing and gargling.
What does a drunk police officer do	Protect and swerve.
What do you call a black guy who sells flowers	A florist.
What the difference between a ISIS member and a child	I don't know, I just fly the drones.
What do you call an organised rebellion with twice as many people as usual	A sedan d'etat.
Q: What kind of limes open doors	A: Key limes.
What does a pirate wear if he works at Apple	iPatch
What did the blind, deaf, mute quadriplegic boy get for Christmas	Cancer
What do you call Kim Jong-un reading a Stephen King novel	Fearless Reader
what did the homeless man get for christmas	hypothermia
What do two sushi say after one tells a lame joke	Nigiri, please.
What do you call a 30 foot purple dinosaur named Fred who has acne and is scared of penguins	Fred.
What do fish call a submarine	Unidentified Floating Object
What does a pirate with back spasms say	Shiver me lumbars.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anybody can roast beef...
What do you call a set of chairs kept outside in Ireland	Paddy O' Furniture
What band is a cow favorite	Moody Blues
What did Iron Man say when War Machine asked to come with him to the future	Rhodes? Where we're going, we don't need Rhodes.
What do you call a street full of cheap hookers and a McDonald's	Quarter Pound Town.
What do you call a tribal poet	Shake-A-Spear!
What did the rich bearded slave owner say when he was stranded in the desert and saw a mirage of an Arabian lamp and rubbed it	here in my mirage got this brand new labor genie here
What to brussel sprouts and anal sex have in common	If they are forced on you as a child, you wont enjoy them as much as an adult
What does a West Virginia couple do on Halloween	They pump kin.
What's the difference between batman and a blackman	Batman can go to the store with out robin.
What do Jesus and a nerd have in common	Both are long-haired, live at their parents' till their 30's, and if they'll do anything, it is considered a miracle.
What song did the man who lived next door to a brothel sing on his way to work	Hi ho, Hi ho, it's off to work I go!
What is the hottest part of a man's face	His sideburns.
What do you call someone who stands on the left side of an escalator	A fucking asshole.
What is it called when there is bread all over the place	An abundance
What do you call that little white stuff on the top of bird shit	More bird shit. (Dad joke from the 70's)
What do you call a bear in the rain	Drizzly bear.
What is love	Baby don't hurt me.
What is Illinois known for	The three C's. Chicago, Corn, and Corruption.
What's the difference between an old Greyhound terminal and a lobster with double D breasts	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
what did the ranch say to the refrigerator	close the door, I'm dressing!
What do you call the crazy people who always hang out with musicians	Bass players
What do Terrorist Witches ride	Boomsticks
What have 70 teeths and 2 eyes	-An alligator. Now what have 2 teeths and 70 eyes? -A retirement home.
What Do You Call A Mexican From The Caribbean	A Carabiner
What do you call a bee that comes from the United States	USB.
What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach	Flop-Flops :)
What do you call a patronising scam artist, walking down stairs	A condescending con descending.
What comes after the night of the Superbowl	The Superbowel
What does the hippie say when you tell him to get off your couch	Namaste (better to say it aloud)
What's the difference between a woman's argument and a knife	A knife has a point.
What's the difference between the US and Russian Presidents	US presidents get shot while Russian presidents take shots.
What do you call... What do you call nuts on the wall	-Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chest? -Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? -Dick in your mouth.
What do Africans want to be for Halloween	Not infected.
What do you call a Mexican working at Tim Hortons	a Filipino
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	denim denim denim ( say to tune of Mario song )
What do you call a symphony of whales	An orcastra
What's the difference between Jesus Christ and a picture of Jesus Christ	It only takes 1 nail to hang the picture of Jesus Christ
What's the difference between a Kindle and a Kindle Fire	The Kindle Fire has a lithium battery.
What do you call a dog that can preform magic	A Labracadabra.
Q: What did the blond do when she missed the 66 Bus	A: She took the 33 bus twice instead.
What's the difference between me and Jimmy Kimmel	I can make it to the end of a Jimmy Kimmel joke without laughing.
What's a calender's favorite fruit	Dates.
What do you call a snake who works in the government	A civil serpent.
What does Barbie say when the drought finally ends	It's raining Ken, hallelujah....
What do you call a book case hogging all the books	Shelf-ish
What is the bank manager's favourite type of football	Fiver side !
What is Donald Trump's idea of an ""employee discount""	Waived fees at a slave auction.
What is a wolf's favourite dance move	The Shuffle ... pack of wolves.
What do you call a worthless priest	holy shit.
What happened when the Orange slept with the skanky Lemon	He got Lemonaids.
What did one tree say to the other	Nothing. They bark.
What's the first step in making Bronco cookies	Beat em in a bowl for three hours.
What do you call a french soul singer	Beret White
What do you call a chicken that's looking at a cabbage	Chicken sees a salad.
What does a gay guy and a freezer have in common	Both get packed with meat. I'll show myself out.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a millionaire	A bunny with money.
What do you call a Spider-man that is a valet	A Peter Parker
What do you get when you finger a gypsy on her period	Your palm red for free
What is the difference between a poker card and Africa	The sooner is the Ace of Spades and the latter, a Space of AIDS.
What is the difference between a girl from London and a Kitkat	You only get 4 fingers in a Kitkat.
What kind of books do fruit read	Pulp Fiction
What's the fastest cake in the world	Meriiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnngue.
What do you call a virgin in West Virginia	An only child....
What's a large bird hiding in the bushes called	A lurkey turkey.
What is mitosis	Those are the things on the ends of my feetsis. Thought of this during my last bio exam.
What's a hippies favorite animal	An elk. He's got the E. the L. and the K.
What do you call the teacher who lost her baby	Miss Carriage
Q: What happens when a professor teaches for a decade	A: He gets Tenyear.
What war did a fat person fight in	Viet-nom-nom-nom
What's Hitler's favourite VW	A Golf
Whats a plants favorite drink	Root Beer
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
What did the slave master say to his slaves when they didn't want to make shoes anymore	Just Do It
What do you call an Iguana that can't stand up straight	Ereptile Dysfunction.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	The Holocaust
What's a rebel's favorite key on a keyboard	An R key.
What do you call fast food emergencies	Emergen-cheese. :3
What's the difference between bacteria and rednecks	When looking at bacteria you can actually find some culture.
What happened when the host of Dirty Jobs said hello to a friend that was fairly far away	Microwave.
What do bulimic stone masons do	Binge and parge.
What's a pedophile's favourite chord	A minor.
What do you get if you cross a cow with a tension  headache	A bad mood!
What do a Pediatrician and Podiatrist have in common	Their patients are 2'
What is Stephen Hawking's favorite snack	His left shoulder
What is another name for Santa's elves	Subordinate Clauses! Merry Christmas everyone.
What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant	Dead-ant, dead-ant, dead-antdead-antdead-ant
What is it called when a criminal gets excited	A Con-Yay!
What's your new years resolution	Mine's 1920x1080.
What does a muslim man call a woman he wants to sleep with, but can't due to religious reasons	Harambae
What do you call an orphan who grows up and becomes a priest	Father Les. And yes, as a matter of fact, I am a dad.
What is the difference between Reddit and a fetish party	You might actually get me to sub here.
What do pregnant women and prostitutes have in common	(w)hormones! NB: inspired by my hormonal pregnant wife.
Whats the worst thing you could say as a doctor	I have over 300 confirmed kills
What did O say to Q	Hey! Put that thing back in your pants!
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She gagged a little
What is the biggest battery size	The D. It's huge.
What do you call the horse that lives next door	Your NEIGHHHbor Credit: 6y/o nephew
What do you call a tv show about female puberty	A Breasted Development
What do you call a shy rapper	Lil' Confidence
What do you call the bad part of Italy	The spaghetto.
What did the geologist say when he got a rock for his birthday	I appreciate the sediment.
What did gangster Pooh said to gangster Tigger	Tigga please!"" Sorry, I heard it years ago. I don't remember where or when but I've just been saying alot lately. :p
What do you call a french person masturbating	Jacques-ing off.
What do lightning bolts do when they laugh	-They crack up
What do japanese men do when they have erections	Vote
What is a Jewish person's favorite nut	A cashew.
What does a cat call its black best friend	Its Maine Coon.
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex	Honey I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What do you call a German jerk	Deutschebag
What do you call an action of copyright law against a ghost	An exor-*cease and desist*.
What is one thing you always get on your birthday	Older
What do you get... ... when you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic, and and agnostic	[Answer](/s ""Someone who lays awake all night wondering if there really is a dog"")
What do vegan zombies eat	GRAAAAAAAINS!
What do you get if you cross a tall green monster with a fountain pen	The Ink-credible Hulk.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros	Elephino. (You may have to sound it out.)
What is the poo from a fish with no dad called	bassturd
What's a commercial fisherman's favorite instrument	Castanets!
What did Uranium-238 say to Helium when they first met	IDK
What do you call it when you spill your morning drive-through beverage on your virus scan software	Getting McCafe on McAfee
What's black underneath and white on top	Society.
What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate	A candy baa
What do Asians do during an erection	They vote
What is 1 + 1	3 if you don't use protection.
What do you call gasoline that comes in first place	Win Diesel
What time is it	http://youtu.be/mHyRCeKxhss This is an animated joke. I hope a video submission flies here.
What kind of STD does a bird get	Chirpies. :-)
What kind of fish is useful in freezing weather	Skate !
What do robots put at the bottom of their e-mails	Yours tin-sincerely.
What did the letter O say to the letter Q	Hey, your dick is hanging out
What's the difference between a run-down bus stop and a big-breasted lobster	One is just a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean!
What can walk over the water, but can travel under the water without getting wet	Jesus in a submarine.
What is a ginger author doing when they plant a misleading clue in their book	Red hairing.
What's black and blue and doesn't like sex	The cheerleader in my trunk.
What do you call a blind german	A not see
What's the difference between a Slut and a Bitch	A Slut sleeps with everyone A Bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws and the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
What do you call bumblebee fetuses	honey nut cheerios
What do you call a nosy pepper	Jalapeno business
What does a painter do when he gets cold	Puts on another coat.
What do you call a panda that graduates last in its class from medical school	Dr. Bear Li
What did the cat say after reading """"To Kill a Mockingbird""	I want a refund: there's not one darn thing about how to kill a bird *anywhere* in this book.
What country can't be hacked	Madagascar, because all their ports are closed.
What is Homer Simpson's favorite rapper	A. Butter Finger
What's the diffrence between jam and marmelade	I can't marmelade my dick down your throat.
What's the difference between a sausage dog and a market trader	One bawls his wares out on the street...
What's Masta P's favorite fruit	Ba-na-na-na! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ZvzIOO6aU
What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs	Nice tits!
What kind of music does a pirate like	Arrr'n'B
What is the best things about the a 90 year old's tits	You can play double dutch.
What did the man say to his wife when he failed to get an erection	No hard feelings.
What does a llama do when it goes on holidays	Alpaca ya bags.
What do you get when you throw a rabbit at someone's head	Facial Hare
What does a condom have in common with a coffin	Ones for coming and ones for going.
What do you call someone who crashes flying dinosaurs into buildings	A pterrorist
What do you call a midget with epilepsy that makes pizza	Little Seizures...
What's worse than raining cats and dogs	Hailing taxis
What do you call Hindu ideas about pacifism	Naan Violence
What does an Italian sound like walking through the rain	Dago wop wop wop
What company makes Nerds	Your mom.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing, They're both stuck up cunts!
What do people in Arkansas do for Halloween	Pump kin.
Whats the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly your dick down someones throat.
What's brown and hides in the attic	The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
What happens when a Buddhist becomes totally absorbed with the computer he is working with	He enters Nerdvana.
What do you do for a living	I herd cattle. Ah, you're a rancher? No, I'm a Zumba instructor.
What's the difference between parsley and pussy	Nobody eats parsley.
What is Stannis Baratheon's favorite genre of metal	Grindcore
What's the difference between sex every day, and a tire	One is a good year, the other is a GREAT year
what does cellphone reception and princess diana have in common	They both die in tunnels
What do you call it when you're breastfeeding and nothing comes out	A milk dud.
What's the best thing about Switzerland	Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
Q: What's the difference between a porcupine and two lawyers in a Porsche	A. With a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
What do I get when I pour my Root Beer into a square mug	Just Beer. If you don't get it, think mathematically.
What's the difference between Jews and Harry Potter	Harry Potter escaped the chamber
What did the recent KKK hit-and-run victim order at Starbucks	A flat white.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a Disney movie	Disney movies can still touch little kids.
What does a bowling ball and your mom have in common	They both get picked up, fingered, thrown in the gutter, and then come back for more.
What do you get when you dissolve Zyklon B into Israel's water supply	A final solution
What do you get when you cross human DNA with a penguin	A life time ban at the zoo
What do you call a pirate who intentionally sets a fire at sea	An arrrrrsonist. Thank you. I'll be here all week.
What are the most athletic rodents	Track and field mice.
What are the fattest letters	O.B.C.D
What did the pirate say to the prostitute	Thar she blows!
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An Investigator
What did the depressed plankton do	It krilled iself!
What goes into the mouth of a quarter horse	Two bits!
What do you get when you cross a fishing rod with mud	a dirty hooker
What's so bad about being a virgin, anyway	It means fucking nothing.
What do you call an 80s band comrpising of only fruit	Durian durian! im sorry
What would the headline read if an average redditor were killed by a venemous spider bite	Brown Recluse Kills White Recluse
Whats the best part about sleeping with a midget	You're sure to get a little head
What did the horse say to Santa	Nothing, horses can not speak.
What does Jerry Jones do after winning the Super Bowl	Gives the X Box back to grandkids
What did one tampon say to the other tampon	Nothing. They're stuck up bitches.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question	...
What do you call someone who went into a birth clinic and started shooting at everyone there	Spawn camper.
What do you call a really expensive tombstone	A R.I.P off.
What do you get when you mix a boxer and cocaine	A punchline
What do you get if you cross an apple with a Christmas tree	A pineapple !
What is the meanest thing you could do to a blind person	Leave the plunger on the toilet.
What does Donald Trump and a 12 year old have in common	They know a lot about hacking.
What do you call a German thief	A Hamburglar.
What's strong enough for a man but made for a woman	The back of my hand.
Whats the difference between peanut butter and Jam	(NSFW) You cant peanut butter your d*ck up someones ass
What do you call a gnome who dresses nice	A metronome!
What's your best pick up line	Cocaine Edit:spelling
What do Mathematicians use to fry their food	Euler butter.
What's the difference between being tired and exhausted	If you run in front of a car, you get tired. If you run behind one, you get exhausted.
What do you get when an argument occurs on a camping trip	A tents atmosphere
What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman	one is a superhero and the other is a command.
What's black and all over the place	Michael J Fox's signature.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a walnut	I've never had a walnut on my face.
What do you call a train full of Jews	Doesn't matter they're not coming back.
What kind of bees eat brains	Zombees
What's worse than a Male Chauvinist Pig	- A woman that won't do what she's told.
What do you get if you mix..... Mexicans with Samoans	Some mo Mexicans!
Q:what did the fish say when he hit the concrete wall	A:Damn
What do witches eat at Halloween	Spooketti halloweenies devils food cake and booberry pie !
What is Stevie Wonder's favorite guitar chord	C Minor
What is a Norweigan's compact car of choice	A Fjord Fjocus.
What does it take to claim the world record for 'most blowjobs in one hour	You need to be able to blow a lot of guys in quick suck session. ^^^yeah ^^^I ^^^know ^^^it's ^^^lame
What do elves learn at school	The elf-abet!
What do you call an African American wife who knows where her husband is at all time	A Jailbait.
What's the best way to get a foreign dog to behave	A treaty.
What did the bad rapper get for Christmas	J Coal
What's worse than 9/11	311 Credit goes to my friend Max.
What do you call a half Jew	Jew-ish.
What's red on the outside and green on the inside	A dinosaur wearing red pajamas.
What did the pirate say on his eightieth birthday	Aye Matey
Whats the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish a race
What does an egg say to another egg	Nothing, eggs can't talk.
What does it taste like to eat out an 85 year old woman	Depends
What's a boomerang called that's not coming back	A Stick.
What's the difference between Jesus and a prostitute	The looks on their faces while you're nailing them.
Q: What do bees chew	A: Bumble gum.
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	The picture of Jesus only needs one nail to hang up.
What do a hillbilly and a nepotist blackberry executive have in common	They both give their relatives rim jobs.
What's yellow and goes around	A banana in the washing machine.
What do you call a basement full of SJW's	A whine cellar.
What's the difference between Snowmen and Snow women	Snowballs.
What do a $100 grill and a $100 girl have in common	They will both ruin your meat.
What did the Scandinavian say at his Grandmothers funeral	She was a Swede old lady but now shes Finnish
What did Saddam Hussein say every time he played pool	I rack.
What is a pirates least favorite letter	Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connections for the following reasons: 1. Illegal downloading. Thank you, and have a nice day.
What's the difference between a musician and a large pizza	The pizza can feed a family of 4.
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench	The bench can support a family of 4.
What do people and pizza have in common	If they're black, they can't feed a family.
What do you call an actor who converts to Judaism	A Christian bail.
What's the difference between a successful bank robber and one who ends up in prison	One's a pro, and one's a con.
What do you call a high retarded person	A baked potato
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawer	A hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead.
What should you do when your epileptic child starts seizing in the bathtub	Throw in your laundry!
What buzzes is black and yellow and goes along the bottom of the sea	A bee in a submarine !
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating	Beef strokin' off.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit	A nectarine.
What do you tell a nazi with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told Richard Spencer twice!
What colour is eight	Purple (According to my 3 year old son)
What band was Harambe In	Gorillaz
Q: What did a blind boy's parent's do to punish him	A: Rearranged the furniture
What did the Muslim on a surfboard say	Aloha Akbar!
What is Brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre, of course.
What human organ would survive the longest in the hunger games	The liver
What did the dolphin say when he got in trouble	I didn't do it on Porpoise!!
What did the priest use to forgive the sinners that shot up his church	A holey bible. And, yet, it still made more sense than Scientology.
What does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress	Q: what does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress? A: a Freudian slip
What do you call a team of Slavic supervillains	A Suicide Squat
What do you call an indentured servant hired specifically to cut meat for you	A *Filet Minion*.
What did one meme say to the other meme	Dank
What does a rich physicist wear	Joulery!
What do horny campers and Leo Di Caprios acting have in common	They are both fucking intense!
What is yellow and wears a mask	The Lone Lemon.
What is the difference between 1000 dead babies and a ferrari	I dont have a ferrari in my garage.
What's Black and Yellow that makes everyone laugh	a school bus full of Negros going off a cliff.
What is the best part about raping a midget	Their arms are too short to hold you back.
What separates the men from the boys in the Navy	A crowbar.
What happens to a frog that parks illegally	He gets toad.
What do Spiderman and I have in common	We're both in love with Mary Jane
What do you call a deaf fishing boat captain	Anything you like he can't hear you.
What do you call an Abortion in Prague	A canceled Czech.
What's the most dangerous possession a gun nut will ever own	His car.
What does a waffle call his complete existential paradigm shift	His eggo death
What do The Walking Dead and Fast &amp; Furious have in common	dead walkers
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on the same book for thousands of years	Church
What do you call two rows of cabbages	A dual cabbageway !
What do terrorists and the American government have in common	They both blow up people who don't agree with them.
what does a cowboy from colorado wear	a 420-gallon hat
What's the difference between Mick Jagger, and a Scottish farmer	Mick Jagger says 'Hey, you, get off of my cloud' The Scottish farmer says 'Hey, MacLeod, get off of my ewe'
What do you call a Bacon Lettuce Tomato sandwich at a gay pride parade	An LGBLT
What do you call Michael J. Fox and Muhammad Ali	Salt and Pepper shakers
What's pink, wrinkly, hairy, smells of pee, and hangs out you boxers	Either your mum, your wife or you.
What's the difference between Santa and Jewish Santa	One goes down the chimney, the other goes up.
Whats the difference between a woman and a feminist	A woman can understand irony and satire without being offended.
What's black and white and has a dirty name	Sister Mary Fuckface
What's the worst part of having a lung transplant	Knowing that the first couple of times you cough that the phlegm isn't yours.
What do you call a prostitute's vagina	A whorifice.
What university department did the Fonz go do when he needed help paying his tuition	Financial Ayyyyyyd I'll^see^myself^out
What do you say after stubbing your toe	I thought the title was the start of a joke. You OWW me one joke!
What do you call an emotionally unstable animal who lives in alaska and vacations in antarctica	A BIPOLAR BEAR
What's round and black and blue	A blueberry that occasionally gets hit by her husband
What happened to the astronaut who was knocked out	He saw stars.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What happens when a frog's car breaks down	It gets toad away..
What musical group is Jesus most afraid of	Nine Inch Nails
Q: What's the slowest thing in the world	A: A Mexican funeral with only two sets of jumper cables.
What is the difference between you and school tomorrow	I'm not going to come into school tomorrow.
What do programmers and obese people have in common	They both call an 8-course meal a bite.
What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Pug	A pugilist!
What's the difference between an introverted physicist and an extroverted physicist	An extroverted physicist looks at *your* shoes when they're talking to you.
What does an Irish Samuel L Jackson say when passing someone on the street	Top of the Mornin' Muthafucka!
What will the first female Mexican head of state be called	The Precedent.
What do you call an IT teacher who touches up his students	A PDF file.
What's the difference between a sin and a shame	It's a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to take it out.
What did the snowman say to the other snowman	do you smell carrots?
What did the ghost say to the bees	Boo Bees! (say it aloud)
Whats brown and sticky	My poster of rihanna.
What's a simile	It's like a metaphor.
What do you call a biscuit on a motorbike	A bikkie.
What did the Nazi Officer say when he saw the Americans approaching	Au Schwitz!
Whats the difference between 3 big black cocks and a joke	Your mum can't take a joke
What do you call a cow in a Russian forest	A moss-cow. Alternative answer: dead.
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence	Udder disaster.
What did the scientist say after attacking his colleague with sodium chloride	That's a salt!
What's red and blue and sogs up your Easter basket	Coloured scrambled eggs
What is the name of an annoying creature that is notorious for biting humans in the tropics	Luiz Suarez.
What separates the men from the boys in the Catholic Church	A condom.
What's up	The price of pussy. (My math teacher in high school use to say this one, he was cool.)
What's the best way to be on Instagram and in life	Selfless
What type of wind is named after both a cat and a bat	Katabatic
Q: What is the only thing worse than an incompetent liberal President	A: A competent liberal President.
What do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law	A small medium at large.
What's pink and gray and wrinkly and old and belongs to Grandpa monster	- Grandma monster
What do you call a pushy aquatic mammal	Press'n Seal
What's the difference between jelly and jam	[NSFW] I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What did one sock tell its other half	Nothing, the fucker had disappeared in the dryer.
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex	oral sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your hole weak
What's the difference between the IRS and Jared Fogle	The IRS waits until you're 18 to fuck you.
What happens when you get a bladder infection	Urine trouble.
What is the least racist animal	A panda. It's black, it's white and it's Asian.
What happens when an angle gets itself into a car wreck	The angle becomes a rectangle
what version of Windows does Jesus use	XP
What do you call a group of lions that is homosexual	Gay pride.
What's worse than fighting an uphill battle	Getting to the top and realizing it's all downhill from there.
What's a blondes idea of natural  childbirth	No make-up.
What's the difference between a statesman and a politician	A statesman is a dead politician. God knows we need more statesman.
What Did The Chinese Man Say When Asked What He Wanted For Dinner	Bitch please.
What do authors do when they are being chased	They make like Dr. Jekyll and Hyde!
What is the hardest part of telling a good gay joke	Keeping a straight face
What's a Muslim's favorite TV show	It's always sunni in Philadelphia
What is the best way to pick up American girls	With a crane.
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public	A private tooter
What's red and unhealthy for your teeth	A brick.
What do you call it when Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin get together for a drink	A communist party
What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards	A receding hare line.
Q: What is the difference between a saxophone and a chainsaw	A: It's all in the grip.
Whats the most essential part of telling a joke about terrorism	an explosive punchline
What is long, hard and full of sperm	The sock under my bed.
What's the difference between a politician and a tiger	One of them is a big puss
What's the difference between Kanye West, an American College student, and a homeless man	The homeless man has $7 to his name.
What's a pirate's worst nightmare	A sunken chest with no booty.
What did Cinderella say when the got to the ball	She didn't say anything, she just gagged.
What was the best thing before sliced bread	Massive sandwiches
What do you call the international program that helps clowns with their personal space problems	Clowns Without Borders.
What do you call a fart from an Egyptian stranger	Toot uncommon
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND EEEEEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
What's the definition of mixed emotions	When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your brand new car.
What do you call a bouncer at a gay bar	A flamethrower
What do Mormons and tweakers have in common	They both ride bikes and go on missions.
What do you do if you're Fighting a group of circus performers	Go for the juggler
What's the difference between a psychologist and a groundskeeper	One you need for a rough patch, the other you need to patch your rough.
What are you doing	I'm trying to call Washington! Oh haven't you heard? He's dead!
What's the difference between a puppy and a kernel of corn	Nothing. They both explode when nuked in the microwave.
What did Octavian say when he stormed Cleopatra's gardens	Caesar salad
What did the strawberry say on December 25th	Berry Christmas!
What do you call the James Brown songs no one listens to	Defunct funk.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	Ones a crusty bus station and ones a busty crustacean.....
What's the difference between fancy food and military food	Fancy food is delicious, but military food is deliciousir!
What is the difference between Trump and Hillary	She can't make America great again.
what happened when the blond tried giving her boyfriend a blowjob while he was driving	they both fell off the motorcycle
What does a Boston terrier sound like	Bahk bahk. Wicked bahk.
What do you get when you cross a mexican, a queer, and an eskimo	A snow-blower that doesn't work.
What do you call a redneck family of bakers	Inbread!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*chokes*
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One's really heavy and the other's a little lighter.
What do you get when OP gets erections	QR
What's a pirate's favorite explosive	M80
What's red and sits in a corner	A baby with razorblade. What's red and green and sits in a corner? The same baby 3 weeks later.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	'ell if I know wot to call it!
What do you call a spaghetti that went to a pasta party	An Impasta
What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath	Men toes.
What did the Canadian say when asked what he thought about stereotypes	Eh.
What do you call a fat magician	A 4-chin teller.
What do you do after having licked the world's smoothest vagina	Put it back in the stroller
What does the Fox say	not the news
What do you call an agreement between forests	A treety
Q: What is the definition of the perfect woman	A: A deaf and dumb blonde nymphomaniac whose father owns a pub.
What do you get when you cross a foot with cookware	Potato!
What starts with ""P"" and ends with ""orn""	Popcorn Pervs.
What is your favourite variable	I'm not sure, It's always changing.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice. I know this is an old one but i didn't see on here so why not.
What is Sherlock's porn star name	Benedict Cuminhersnatch
What do you call an asthmatic bird	A puffin.
What do you get when you mix a rooster with peanut butter	A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What do colors say when they laugh	Huehuehuehuehuehuehuehue
What Did The Sushi Say To The Bee	Wassup bee
What's black and white and red all over	Batman's father
What do a pedophiles hopes and bingo have in common	B7...B7...
What hired killer never goes to jail	The exterminator.
What do you call a black guy who goes to college	A Basketball player.
What would I do if Future tried talking to me	I'd autotune him out. :)
What's a good comeback for a women when she's asked to get her husband a sandwich	She better come back with a goddamn sandwich!
What's the one thing missing from the offensive jokes on r/jokes	Karma, Whores.
What do you call a chinese pedophile	Pok Um Yung
What's the difference between parsley and pussy	No one likes to eat parsely.
What's the difference between marriage and identity theft	At least with identity theft you know you're getting fucked.
What does an elephant use for a tampon	A sheep
What do the Dallas Cowboys do when they win the Superbowl	Turn off their Nintendo and go to bed.
What kind of bees make milk	Boobies !!!          I'm sorry, I'll let myself out.
What do you call a doctor who is always on a phone	An oncologist
What is a mexican's favorite sport	Cross-country
What's the difference between a doe and dope	One's gotta pee.
Q: What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree	A: Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
What do you find in an empty nose	Fingerprints.
What did the pope give up for lent	His job.
What animal is the moodiest	A Bi-Polar Bear.
What Did Superman Tell Superwoman	Do you want to be in my Crib Tonight (Kryptonite)
Q: What did one pig say to the other	A: Let's be pen pals!
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic	Going in to ask for a coat hanger
What did one tower say to the other	I've got a plane to catch.
What does Getting Stoned and GETTING Stoned have in common	both fuck you up...
What time did Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	Ten-ish.
What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises	It becomes Daytrogen.
What did Dexter forget to bring to Art Class	Supplies Mother Fucker
What do you get if cross a frog with some mist	Kermit the Fog !
What does an envelope say when you lick it	Nothing. It just shuts up.
What's the difference between a bindle of cocaine and a baby	? Eric Clapton wouldn't let one fall out the window
What kind of country has a clown problem	The same one that has 2 clowns running for president!
What happen when you put Einstein in a -20C clean room	You get a solid-state frizzicist.
What do you call a borderline racial slur about a person of Asian decent	A slippery slope.
What kind of math do feminists study	Triggernometry
What was Hitler's least favorite pokemon	Pikajew
What do you call a number that cant keep still	A roamin numeral.
What is as big as King Kong but doesn't weigh anything	King Kong's shadow.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	High Definition.
What's the most racist place in a house	The laundry room. It's the only place where the blacks have to be separated from the whites.
What do you get if you cross a rooster with a disobedient dog	A cock that doesn't come.
What do you call a perturbed grown-up	An addled adult
Q: What did Tarzan shout when he saw the elephants coming up over the hill	A: ""Here come the elephants up over the hill!
What kind of soda do dogs drink	Barq's Root Beer.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly someone into a wood chipper.
What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts	Beer nuts are $1.29 a bag. Deer nuts are just under a buck.
What do you call an American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, logician, political commentator, social justice activist, and anarcho-syndicalist advocate who doesn't eat ham	NO-HAM CHOMPSKY
Q: What time is bedtime at Neverland Ranch	A: When the big hand touches the little hand.
Q: What's the best language to describe the hectic holiday shopping season	A: Russian
What do valley girls drink	Soo-Duhh!
What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish	One is a bottom-dwelling scum sucker. The other is a fish.
What did one casket say to the other casket	Is that you coffin?'
What's the difference between my penis and the Three Stooges	Women don't point and laugh at the Three Stooges.
What did the rednecks do for thanksgiving	Pump kin pie. Happy Canadian Turkeyday, you sick bastards!
What do you get when you goose a ghost	You get a lot of sheet.
What do you call a cow with no legs	...ground beef
What's Alex's (from 'A Clockwork Orange') preferred type of light	Ultraviolent
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall	DAMN! My friend told me this the other day not sure where it came from but I laughed
What do black Eskimos live in	A nigloo.
What did the snobby bird say to the poor bird	*Cheep, cheep.*
What did the programmer from the biker gang say	It ain't gonna be soft where my engine nearing!
What did the mooron say when he saw the milk cartons in the grass	Hey! Look at the cow's nest!
What does bigamy mean	One wife too many. What does monogamy mean? Same fucking thing.
What has caused Caitlyn Jenner to put on weight	Trans fats.
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexic Association.
What s the weight of a hipster	One Insta-gramm
What's the difference between sand and period blood	You can't gargle sand.
What on Earth did the NASA discover	Nothing, it was on Mars
What's the highest thing in existence	A female's issues. They won't ever be able to get over them.
What did the German physicist call his beer mug	Ein stein.
What do you call a small hairy man of folk legend who's selfish during an orgy	A knob-hoggin' hobgoblin!
What did Clinton say when accused of copying  his homework from his girlfriend at Oxford	I did not have textual relations with that woman.
What do you call a butt inspection by ISIS	Anal-isis.
What do a fly and a boner have in common	You can't go to sleep without whacking it.
What do you call it when the Speaker of the House is angry	.... A raging Boehner.
What's the difference	NSFW What's the difference between regular sex and anal sex? Regular sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your whole week Edit: fucking autocorrector
What's the grossest number	6.9 because it's a 69 with a period in the middle.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped his arse.
what type of jeans does Mario wear	denim denim denim
What does Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What do delinquent shapes get up to	Shenanigons
What do you get when you cast Michael J. Fox as Walter White	Shaking Bad.
What's the definition of ""trust""	Two cannibals giving each other a blow job.
What's the only day Asian people can have sex	? Election day
What did one loaf of bread say to the other	Weirdo.
What did the pig say when he found a line of ants in his trough	Mmm. Canapes.
What do you call a pizza chef on an airplane	A flying saucer.
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free.
Q: What do you call cheese that's not yours	A: Nacho cheese!
What's the tastiest part of a floppy disk	The cookie!
What do you call a woodland elf without any connecting plastic bricks to play with	Legolas
What do asian cannibals eat	rawmen
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew	A hit Brodway show
What is the difference between a black guy and a white guy that sells drugs	One's a pharmacist and the other's a drug dealer.
What did the Calendar say to the Wall-clock the moment it became June 1st	I am dismayed!
What did the electrical engineer do when she found out that she hadn't won the lottery	She soldered on.
What is the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	The C
Q: What's green and has wheels	A: Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What do you call an ape that's both extremely frugal and fearful	A cheap pansy
What type of car would Jesus drive	A Chrysler
[NSFW] What starts with an R and ends with a sentence	Rape
What fish sounds like a telephone	Herring herring...herring herring...herring herring.
Whats the difference between an onion and a hooker	I dont cry when I cut up a hooker
What do lesbians like best about sex	Tastes great...less filling....TASTES GREAT!!! LESS FILLING!!!
What's the difference between Ozzy Osborne and Whitney Houston	One plays hard rock, the other is rock hard.
What do you get when you throw a grenade in a French kitchen	Linoleum Blownapart
What cause of death prevents a man from having a closed-casket funeral	Viagra overdose
What happened to the Asian man that walked into a wall with an erection	He broke his glasses.
What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons	Jose and Hose B
What's the difference between a Priest and a Wristwatch	A priest's hands stop at 10.
What's long and thick and turns conservative women on	The Bible
What's the best way to send a letter to Prince Charles	Heir mail
What do you call a pan-sexual man named Nick who works at a CD store	Pan Nick at the Disc Co.
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts
What would you call Macaulay Culkin if he was black	Homie alone
What is the best joke you have heard	Any best joke
What is a joke that works on many levels	HR Department.
What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50	Your Honor.
What comes in hard, comes out soft, and what do you blow hard	chewing gum, you sicko...
Whats the most slippery country	Greece.
What is the hardest thing about walking through a field of dead babies	My erection.
What was the Seagull's favorite online streaming service	Netfocks
What do you call a professional tennis player that keeps serving out	Novak Chokeovic
What's Forrest Gump's Password	1FORREST1
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman	Mick Jagger says ""Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!"", but the Scotsman says ""Hey! McCloud! Get off of my ewe!
What do you call with a cow with a twitch	Beef Jerky
What's Sarah Palin's favorite thing to do in the summertime	Parah Salin.
What are goosebumps for	To slow down speeding geese!
What is the one army in the world that could defeat the US army in a war	The Reddit army!
What do you call someone who LOVES Wikipedia	A Wikipedophile!
What does a camera have in common with a condom	They both capture that special moment.
What kind of pants does Super Mario wear	Denim denim denim
What is the worst icebreaker	The Titanic
What do you call an autistic kid that accidentally ate a pot brownie	A baked potato.
What do you call a whore's laughter	Ho hos
What kind of woman are the most irrational	The ones with the golden proportions!
What's the worst part about seeing 4 black people go off a cliff in a Cadillac	Cadillac seats 5.
What was the hexadecimal 6 afraid of the Canadian hexadecimal 7	Because 7 8 9 A
What did GB say to EU	Peace out, EUROn EUROwn!
What's the difference between a fedora and a fedina	A fedina? What's a fedina?"" ""*a-Spaghetti and meatballs!*"" Try it out. Just try it. This holiday season.
What do you call herpes on a scarecrow	A corn on the cob
What's the difference between Acne and a Catholic priest	Acne cums on your face after you're 12.
What do you call a fat computer	A Dell ( probably a repost, I laughed tho)
What do you do when you see a spaceman	Park in it, man!
What do Scottish owls sing	Owld Lang Syne.
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common	A: They've both swallowed a lot of semen.
What do you call a pig who overacts	A ham ham.
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	It may take me a while to get hardI just got laid last night.
What happens when you mix mustard and ketchup together	it's must-up ..*rubs brow*
What do you call a confused gnu	A bewildebeest.
What do you call a guy who likes to hang out with musicians	A drummer.
What's the difference between a baby and a politician	Saying they are full of sh*t means 2 completely different things.
What's the difference between acne and a child molester	Acne waits till you are 13 to come on your face.
What's the final product Steve Jobs released	The iDied
What do a mosquito and my ex have in common	They both try to suck you dry, try to have babies with your DNA, and then you find them sucking off someone else.
What do pessimists use... Q: What do pessimists use to wash their clothes	A: Deterrent.
What happened when the reporter fell into the water	She became an anchor...
What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence	It was an udder disaster. ^(I'll show myself out)
What disease do horses fear most	Hay Fever!
What do a sprinkler and an unemployment line have in common	Spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga-spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga (say out loud at your own risk)
Whats reddits favorite tv show	The OC.
What do you call it when an alcoholic stops drinking	A leave of absinthe.
What did the Wealth of Nations say to the Communist Manifesto to cheer it up	Some day you will be red!
What do you call a Roman with hair between his teeth	a GladHeAteHer
What do you call a man without a beard	A woman.
What kind of shoes do thieves wear	Sneakers.
What is the French version of the name Parker	Valet.
What do you call a fanny on a fanny on a fanny	A block of flaps
What's it called when you get a boner on a movie set	A direction
What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist	Newer magazines. (Stolen shamelessly from Seinfeld)
What do you call an old man whose retarded	Bernie Sanders!!
What lives in the sea and yells	A clam shouter.
What did the dyslexic bank robber say	FREEZE MOTHERSTICKER! THIS IS A FUCK UP!
Q: What's the difference between an onion and an accordion	A: No-one cries when you chop up an accordion.
What does a Japanese girl ride	? Niisan.
What happens when a pizzaman does an AMA on Reddit	OP delivers.
What is stephen Hawking's favorite food	His shoulder.
What was the working title for 10 Cloverfield Lane	You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole.
What's the most interesting thing that students learn while studying Meiosis	Sex Cells.
What's the cheapest meat	Deer balls. They're under a buck.
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane	A pilot.
What did the zero say to the eight	Nice belt
What did the lesbian-vampire say to her girlfriend	See ya next month.
What kind of exercise did Jesus do	Crossfit
What do you call when Batman leaves the church early	Christian Bale
Whats green and yellow and eats nuts	Gonorrhea!
What is Micheal Bay's favorite phone	The Galaxy note 7
What's a ninja's favourite drink	Waaaaa-taaah!!!
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call it, it won't come.
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast	Milk and Surreal.
What happens when a tree masturbates	It nuts
What was the problem with the midget prostitute	She was always selling herself short.
What's brown and very bad for your dental health	A baseball bat.
What do you call a fat pirate	A vast matey.
What's black and never works	Decaf coffee.
Whats the difference between a cricket ball and an Aboriginals pussy	You can eat a cricket ball
What bird can lift the most	A crane
What's the difference between Americans and ice cream	Ice cream fits in a tub.
What do you call someone who did their dissertation on the atrocities of Andrew Jackson	A Hickory Dickery Doc
What Did The Doctor Say To The Dinosaur	Jur-ass-sick
What did the gay crocodile do when made the head coach of a thirsty football team	He gave them GatorAIDS
What is the difference between an Irish drinking song and a Country drinking song	You don't cry in your beer when the Irish song is playing.
What do you call a letter sent up the chimney on Christmas Eve	Black mail !
What do you get when you're agnostic, dyslexic, and an insomniac	You stay up all night wondering if there's a dog.
What's the definition of unlikely	A photo-spread in Playboy titled 'The World's Top Accountants -  Nude!'.
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	Just trying to fit in.
What did the priest say at the salad bar	Lettuce pray.
What do you call paddling down a river of skim milk	white water rafting.
What's got four legs and one arm	An attack dog in a preschool.
What's the difference between a Pizza and an onion	No one cries when you cut up Pizza.
What do you call a funny snake	HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTERICAL ^^^my ^^^son ^^^^told ^^^^^me ^^^^^^this ^^^^^^^one..
What did the bear say after eating the doctor	I feel M.D. inside.
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta	Penne
What do you call girls that have a chance of winning	Chicken Tenders.
what do Mike Tyson and outdoor patios have in common	They're both roofless.
What's the difference between handguns and feminists	A handgun only has one trigger.
What do you call a couch stuffed with chic peas	... a hummus-sectional ba dum tish! I know that was bad. Please blame my boyfriend, he thought of it.
What do you call a ""gay"" milkman	Dairy Queen.
What's the difference between a happy person and ET	A happy person has a light heart and ET has a heart light
What do you get when you cross Cleopatra with Marc Antony	Pharaoh-moans.
What do you call it when a girl throws a tantrum during her period	An ovary-action.
Whats another name for google glass	Dome Chrome.
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween	Pump-Kin Yes, I've posted this before, but Halloween is upon us.
What Is An Doge	much wow such doge much grammar such hamburger so good
What do an uncircumcised penis and the kkk have in common	They're both pricks in oversized hoods.
What's a zombie say when he gets a letter from his girlfriend	It's a dead letter day.
What do you call a basement full of progressives	A whine cellar.
What would Matthew McConaughey eat if he were a horse	McConaugHAY
What kind of CB Radio do seagulls use	Squawky-talkies!
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip!
What are the 2 biggest lies men tell	1) The check's in the mail 2) I won't cum in your mouth
What do you call a man from Portugal	A Portugoose. Because you cant have one gees.
what's the difference between a cross-eyed hunter and a constipated owl	the hunter shoots but can't hit...
What do you call weed from Denmark	Dansk kush.
What do you call a dead blow fish	.. A blew fish.
What kind of money do they use on superman's home planet	Kryptocurrency
What type of blood does a keyboard have	Typo
What hand do you use to wipe your butt	Right or left? For those that answered right or left, you guys are gross I use toilet paper.
What's the difference between looking for a lost golf ball and Lady Godiva	Looking for a lost golf ball is a hunt on a course.
What do you call two pencils fighting	A grafight.
What is the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn husker	One shucks between fits..
What's the difference between a gay guy and a pizza	A gay guy doesn't come in a box.
What do you call a fat computer	Adele.
What did the Jamaican say when he lost the smelliest feet contest	DEFEAT STINKS!
What's the difference between a pitbull and a social worker	You might get your baby back off a pitbull.
What do you call a girl who fucks dogs	Weird... Haha fuck naw you call em Whitney Wisconsin
What's the similarity of the World Series and Lorde	They'll never be royals
What do you call two black cops on motorcycles	Chocolate chips
Q: What do you get when dinosaurs crash their cars	A: Tyrannosaurus wrecks!
What is a great way to baby-proof a house	Condoms
What do you call an alpacca that screams when it sees fire	A smoke aLaama.
What is the most surprised a cow can be	? UDDERLY SURPRISED! (Edit: UTTERLY to UDDERLY)
What does Gucci say when it's cold outside	It's fucking cold
What is formed at the end of mitosis	My nailses
What's the similarities between Michael Jackson and the colour changing dress	They both started out black and blue then became white and golden
What do you call a spoiled girl blogging about her 1st world problems	A feminist.
What do you call a kid with no arms and no legs	Names
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke
What does a menopausal Vietnam vet suffer from	Hot flashbacks
What's E.T. short for	He's just got little legs.
What is Vladimir Putins favorite food	Peaches and Krim
What's a zombie's favorite weather	Brainstorms.
What's the difference between me and a pigeon	A pigeon can make a deposit on a BMW
What is a chiropractor's favorite movie	Thoracic Park
whats a ghost's favorite fruit	booberries!
[NSFW] What do snakes and condoms have in common	I don't fuck with either of them.
What does hitler say when he stubs his toe	Aushwitz
What's the difference between racism and the chinese people	Racism has many faces...
What do you call a slutty duck that does drugs	A quack whore.
What time is it in New York City	5 past Lundqvist
What did the cannibal say to his victim before they went for a long walk	You're gonna be pooped after this.
What has eighteen legs and fetches a ball	The Philadelphia Beagles!
What's your favorite dirty joke	Mine is: Wht do Jewish men have their sons circumsised? Because they know Jewish women can't resist anything 10% off.
What did the comedian say before he hung himself	Sorry for being a noose-ance.
What is E.T short for	Because it has little legs.
What do you call a learned spider	A webdesigner
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	I don't know but it's not rhelephant.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	a fisheyes
What do you call a hard rock fan going through gender reassignment surgery	A transition metal.
What do you call the day after a sad Friday	A sadder day.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped his butt.
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What do you call a pig plumber	A Ham-di man! :D
What do Monica Lewinsky and NFL players both have in common	It's their knees that go first.
What does a horny toad say	Rub it
What long and hard thing does a Norwegian wife get on her wedding night	A last name
whats the difference in fast n furious and walking dead	there's no Walker in Fast and Furious .......RIP Paul
What do you call a robbery of Italian ice cream	Grand Theft Gelato
What do you call a raft full of black people	Smoke on the water. ... My most sincere apologies.
What do people with aspergers Do in the bathroom	They take an aspie
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped his ass
What is the meanest practical joke one can pull on a blind person	Leaving a plunger in the toilet.
What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot	There have been reported sightings of bigfoot
What do you call a fat person on a high horse	Ellen Pao.
What do you call black people in the military	Geurrilla warfare
What breaks when you give it to a twelve year old	Her hips.
What's the difference between a trunk full of bowling balls and a trunk full of dead babies	You can't unload a trunk full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
What do dads never forget to include in their ""dad"" jokes	PUNctuation Okay, I'll leave.
What do you call a Pumpkin who eats too much	A Plumpkin.
What did the Kiwi say to the Jew	Hee broo
What is the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews	The Jews go up the chimney.
What do sea monsters have for dinner	Fish and ships.
What do you call a multiple choice dad joke	A pop quiz.
What do you call a man with no arms or legs in water	Bob
What does Skrillex call masturbating	Wubbing one out.
What's sad about three black guys driving over a cliff in a Cadillac	They were my friends :(
What's the difference between a scout boy and a jew	The scout boy comes home from camp.
What is yellow and cannot swim	A yellow digger. Why can't it swim ? It has only one arm
What do prisoners use to call each other	Cell phones
What does a blind person say when you give them sandpaper	Well that's really tiny writing!
What lives on a farm and says moo	a bilingual chicken
Q: What has two heads, four eyes, six legs, and a tail	A: A horse and rider.
What's the difference between parsley and pubic hair	Nothing. You push them both aside and keep on eating.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	'Aye matey
What's the best thing about being a female mime	There's no glass ceiling
What do you call olive oil that is really outgoing	Extroversion
What do you call a confused baker	I dough know.
What do you call the upper eighth of a lime for sale	A top-of-the-lime model.
What do you call a Blonde with two brain cells	Pregnant.
What happened when Isaac Newton met the apple	He found the apple was a surprisingly down-to-Earth kinda guy.
What's the difference. . What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick into a girls mouth.
What does Diana stand for	Dead In A Nasty Accident.
What do you call the new policing strategy of communities such as Ferguson, Missouri	A shot in the dark.
What is the speed of sex	68. Cuz at 69 you eat it.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Adolf Hitler	Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What is the proper way to address the king of the ghosts	Your ghostliness.
Whats the saddest thing about global warming/iceberg melting	Polar bears won't be able to keep their cokes cold.
What do ford trucks and tampons have in common	Eventually every pussy gets one.
What's the hardest thing to do when you go rollerblading	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	The blonde keeps sucking after you slap her.
What social movement were nazis really into	Aryan Reichts
What do Arabs and the Japanese have in common	They both like bombs
What cell carrier do Mormons use	Virgin Mobile
What do you call a tired tumblrina	A nap-kin.
What's a good name for a cat	Catsper.
What do you call a woman that sets her bills on fire	Bernadette.
What is the biggest crime committed by transvestites	Male fraud.
What's the smartest muscle in the human body	The anal sphincter; it can differentiate solid, liquid, and gas.
What is Mozart doing right now	*Decomposing*
What did one wall say to the other	Meet me in the corner!
What is the worst time to have a heart attack	During a game of charades
What do a Feminist and a Broken ATM have in Common	They both can't make any change
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato	A Dictator.
What do you call a near-empty bag of cereal	Luckily Charms
What did the Hispanic chef say when he went down on his girlfriend	Umami!
What is the difference between a trampoline and a baby	A trampoline doesn't look adorable in a sailor outfit
What do you call a fortune teller that always predicts happiness for her clients	A hooker with a gimmick
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore	A whore will sleep with anyone, a bitch will sleep with anyone but you.
What did the man say when he put his package into a mailbox	I thought it was a female box
What makes a hockey player laugh	(Warning: Cheesy) Slapstick Comedy!
What do gay men and Xbox's have in common	They both get red rings when they're fucked.
What did Samsung Galaxy S 5 say to the iPhone 6	Get bent"" I hope you guys like this joke. I just came up with it.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
Q: What do turtles do for fun	A: Play hide and shell.
What do you call someone who's never smoked weed	ilLITerate
What did the McDonald's addict suddenly realize	...I'm lovin' shit
What does 80 year-old pussy taste like	Depends...
What do a hot girl and my little toe have in common	I bang them both on my coffee table at night.
What do you do if you step on a landmine	Well standard procedure is to jump 50 feet and spread over a wide area.
What's 12 inches long and makes your wife scream all night	Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
What is the speed of sex	68... because at 69 you have to turn around
What do you get if you cross two snakes with a  magic spell	Addercadabra and abradacobra.
What's the difference between seal hunters and teenagers	There's none, both like clubbing.
What is the best letter who represent a man	(A favorite joke of my mother) The Q because is a big zero with a small tail.
What do you call a scary prostitute	Horrifying.
What's the smartest dinosaur	Thesaurus Rex! omg, I crack myself up! ~Skip
What's it called when you apologize using dots and dashes	Remorse code.
What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack	Thanks for the Baghdad.
What happened when the cannibal showed up to the buffet late	They gave him the cold shoulder.
What is it called when a blonde blows in another blond's ear	Data transfer.
What do you call an old John Cena	John Cenile
What do you call a child afraid of Santa	Claustrophobic
What do you get if you fuck someone in the ear	Hearing aids.
What's Afghanistan's National Bird	An American drone.
What is a bullfighter's favourite type of car	A cabri - ole
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south	Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.
What do you call someone who dances on cars	A morris dancer !
What's a fresh vegetable	One that insults a farmer.
What is purple and commutes	An Abelian grape!
What should you do if you see a spaceman	Park in it, man.
What do you call Chinese jewelry	Bling blong
What do you call a loaf baked in a zoo	Bread in captivity.
What happened when Sean Connery bought himself a little kitten	The cat shat on the mat.
What's the name of Michael J Fox's dry-cleaner	Park and Sons. /Park en sons/ http://i157.photobucket.com/albums/t57/Thomzilla/Fazed/michael_j_fox_shaken_not_stirred.gif
What do you call a story about a rooster	A cocktale.
What's worse than an adult	An adult Hitler.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh
What has a hazelnut in every bite	SQUIRREL SHIT!
What do you call a Persian lesbian	A flying carpet muncher. I'm so sorry.
What does the lord say when the intern messes up	God demi
What do you call a half native pirate	Metis
What do you call allergy season without any Kleenexes	A tissue
What does Batman like in his drink	Just ice
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, who can swim the English Channel	Clever Dick.
What do you call a whore with a runny nose	Full.
Whats the antonym of Manchester United	WomanBreastsR Divided
What did Einstein text to his friend who he'd see tomorrow	E=MC U L8R
What kind of letters did the snake get from his admirers	Fang mail.
What does the N on the Nebraska football helmet stand for	Nowledge.
What's for dinner Dad	*Wookie steak.* Is it any good? *A little Chewy*
What did the boy with no arms &amp; legs get at the World Cup	Cancer.   (   )
What's the difference between an Irish funeral and an Irish wedding	One less drunk
What does a British guy say when he beats an Eastern European at chess	Czechmate
What do a weather man and a fat penis doctor have in common	They are both meteorologists. (Works better spoken)
What is similar between Sharks and Humans	The Great ones are always white.
What do a wedding and a funeral have in common	At the end of the day, a stiff gets buried either way.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and an anal thermometer	The taste.
What kind of pants do Bostonians wear	Car Keys
What would you call it if pigs were flying yesterday	Swine flu
What is a Mexican's favorite FPS	Borderlands.
What did Donald Trump say to Obama at the White House	You're fired!
What did the leper say to the prostitute	keep the tip bitch.
Q: What do you call a truckload of vibrators	A: Toys for Twats.
What do Italians eat on Halloween	fettucine afraid-o
What do you call an Ethiopian's birthday	A once in a lifetime opportunity.
[wife gets home & sees shit on the rug] What's this	It was Rover he w.."" *dog makes throat slice gesture* ""It was me. I shit on the rug
What did the monk say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What did Rihanna say when asked why she was still with Chris Brown	She shrugged and said ""Beats me!
What species of mushroom is known for being an instigator	The shiitalkie mushroom.
What did the shoes say to the pants	SUP, BRITCHES!
What's blue and not heavy	...Light blue
What do they call the 13th floor in England	The 12th floor.
[interview] What's your greatest weakness	ME: Probably avoiding tough questions Can you elaborate on that? ME: Oh hey look at the time!
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	Both of their last big hits were The Wall.
What Do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing you told her twice.
What is a black guy's favorite game to play with the kids	Peekaboo.
Q: What did the Spanish farmer say to his chickens	A: Oh-lay!
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call it. It's not gonna come. (Probably been posted before, but oh well I'm new and I apologize)
What happens if you upset a cannibal	You get into hot water.
What did the fresh egg say to the boiling pot of water	It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning.
What is the last thing you want to hear after sucking Willie Nelsons dick	That's not Willie Nelson.
What do you call a strong woman with a successful career and family life	A human being you fucking sexist.
What do you call a group of men with flat butts	Assless Chaps
What's the difference between dog food and a hot dog	I have no idea...
What can a goose do that a duck can't do and a lawyer should do	Stick his bill up his ass.
What do you call a dinosaur that only eats the most delicious food	A connoisaur
What's the difference between a baby and a big bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would NEVER let a big bag of cocaine fall out a window!
What do you call it when you're run over by a German	Hunover.
What's 6 inches long and starts with a p	........... a shit (think about it)
What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold	One knows the stops the other stops the nose.
What did the man in the ""Race for a Cure"" say to the three people beside him	we're walking four abreast.
What did the retires baker say to the Dough on the table	I don't knead you anymore.
Q: What goes VROOM SCREECHVROOM SCREECHVROOM SCREECH	A: A blonde going through a flashing red light.
Whats the best thing to put into a pie	Your teeth!
What's green and red, and goes round and round	A frog in a food blender.
What did the duck say when she bought lipstick	Just put it on my bill.
What's black, white and red, and can't turn around in an elevator	A nun with a spear through her head.
What did the fish say when he ran into a cement wall	Dam. What did the dam say to the fish? Dumb bass.
What did MC Hammer name his son	Arman.
What did Lincoln say on the last night of his life	Aw shit Mary, I need to go see a play tonight like I need a hole in the head...
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use some Lube.
What do you do if you're drunk and you run into your ex wife	Reverse to make sure.
Whats the difference between God and Donald Trump	God doesn't think he is Donald Trump.
What do you call the underwear of someone experiencing nocturnal emissions	Dreamcatchers
What do you call a german that can't see	A nazi.
What did the British proton say after 5 cups of coffee	I feel positively charged!
What kind of car does George Bush the younger drive	A BMDubya!
What do you have when you have a cow and two ducks	Milk and quackers.
What's the best joke you know that's kid-safe	I know plenty of raunchy jokes, but was asked this recently and came up blank
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Adolf Hitler	Michael Phelps can actually finish a race!
What did the Irish man and the mongol woman name their child	Lepre Kahn
What do you call a crazy bug that lives in space	A lunar-tick
What do you call a magic owl	HOOdini
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car	Carlos.
What do you call a potato who puts videos online	A Youtuber
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and an all-girl track team	Pygmies are cunning runts.
What do you call a mean dust storm	Darude - Sandstorm
What's Irish and stays out all night	Patio Furniture
What's the hardest part about roller-blading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What deity has the worst teeth	Tartarus
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic grocery bag	One is made of plastic and is bad for kids to play with, and the other is a plastic grocery bag.
What did one wall say to the other wall	Lets meet in the corner!
What do you get when you mix an elephant and a rhino	Hell if I know! (elephino)
What is the difference between a zebra and a bar	Zebras have bars around their asshole, and there are assholes around the bars.
What's Rihanna's favorite type of apple	She doesn't have one. She'll eat anyone that's bruised!
What makes the sound 'Clip clop bang clip clop'	An Amish drive-by
What is Mozart doing right now	Decomposing
What is the difference between Faith and Hope	Depends on the strip club.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Hang onto your nuts, because this is going to be one hell of a blow job.
What is it called when Donald Trump rides a camel	A trump on a hump
What is the recommended psychological treatment for mentally ill statisticians	Regression therapy
What's the difference between a bicycle and a black man	A bike doesn't start singing when you put chains on it.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic grocery bag	One is made of plastic and dangerous for children to play with... And the other carries groceries.
What kind of shoes does a thief wear	Sneakers.
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
Whats the best part of fuckin a pregnant woman	you get a handjob at the same time
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo	A Klondike
What do you call someone who really loves breakfast	A cereal killer.
What did Tiger Woods' dad tell him on his death bed	Just concentrate on golf and fuck everything else
What's worst than finding a worm in an apple	The holocaust
What kind of yoga do you do in a casket	Decom-pose.
What do you call a home full of menstruating women	Bloody Hell.
What did Rudolph the reindeer say before launching into his comedy routine	This will sleigh you.
What did Robin Williams suicide note say	Sorry guys...I gotta go see about a girl.
What is the difference between a garbanzo beans and a chickpea	I would never let a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
What do you call a large group of people who spit on others	The Salivation Army.
What do chinese people do when they have an erection	they vote
What kind of music do sponges listen to	Raggaeneration.
What is black and white and red all over	A Chihuahua in a tuxedo that tripped into a jar of salsa!
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	Anyone can roast beef.
What do you call a surprise party in India	Arranged marriage p.s. I'm an Indian living in India.
What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic parking lot	Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber	Nothing, you can't cross a vector with a scalar.
Q:What did The Banana Say To the Vibrator	A:Why the fuck are you shaking, she's going to eat me!
What's the difference...	What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a dollar and deer nuts are just under a buck.
what do you call a fast ghost	spooky gonzales
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew	A pizza can have pepperoni, Jews can't. Oh, and that other thing.
What do French people say when they don't want to see someone ever again	Au nevoir.
What is the best animal related joke you know	These jokes should be any jokes that are even vaguely related to animals!
What would happen if Donald Trump was about to be assassinated	Secret Service would shout ""Donald, Duck!
What's Hitler's favourite sausage	Frankfuhrers.
What do you call a wolf that is cautious	An aware wolf.
What's the difference between a religion and a cult	Their tax exemption status.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $300 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth
What does a witch take when she can't poop	Hexlax^TM
What's the hardest part about eating a brownie	Having to face her parents at the sentencing.
What's squawky, worn out, and falls from foot easily	An old shoe... ...and Ronda Rousey
What do you call a zombie eating a dog	Asian zombie
What do you get if you cross a joke with a rhetorical question	...
What do you call it when flu season comes early	Premature inoculation.
What do you get if you cross a duck with an avocado	Quackamole
What do you get when you take an HIV medication and raise the price 5,000%	Rich AND famous, apparently
What's the difference between a woman and a toilet	A toilet can become president.
What did the mother ghost say to the naughty  baby ghost	Spook when you're spooken to.
What is the most famous shark	William Sharkspeare!
What's a Russian's favorite food	Vladimir Poutine
Whats the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	a pickpocket snatches watches
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	We need to get some support, before people think we're nuts!
What do you call a doe that swerves all over the road	A rackless driver...
What do you call an intelligent man in  America	A tourist.
What do you call a Muslim who is also a pilot	Greg if you're a friend, Gregory if you were introduced, Mr. Abdalla if you're doing business with one another.
What do you call a man who has lost the lower parts of his legs, but still somehow has his feet	Tony.
What's the difference between Lance Armstrong and Hitler	Lance could finish a race
What's worse than getting pissed off	Getting pissed on.
What did 0 say to 1	You're turning me on!
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey	Boobies
What do you call it when a bunch of deer have an intervention for one of their friends	Change for a buck.
What did Jared say when the girl asked him for a footlong	That he only has a 6 inch.
What's worse than a giraffe with a sore  throat	An aardvark with the sniffles!
What do you call a bra	A boobie trap. Thanks 3rd grade nephew.
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night	A widow.
What do you call two fake number fours next to each other	Fauxty faux
What's the difference between my ex and the Titanic	The Titanic only went down on 1,000 people.
What did the ship say to the sexy ice-berg	I'd hit that.
What's the difference between a joke on Reddit and a joke on 9Gag	One was posted yesterday and the other's already been posted.
What did Ben Franklin call his pee hole	Urethra Franklin.
What's the difference between a praying nun and a girl taking a bath	One has hope in her soul and the other has soap in her hole
What do you have if you don't have a Kia	A Nokia.
What should you do if you come across a tiger while in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologize.
What do you call a chinese duo that plays ping pong	Ping Pong
What did the SJW do for Halloween	Went trigger-treating.
What do you call a Mexican in Canada	ACCOMPLISHED. They crossed two borders!
What would you get if you crossed the Easter Bunny with a famous French general	Napoleon Bunnyparte!
What has four legs and is made out of wood	A horse.
What do you call a pig that can't be seen	Hamouflage
What do you do if an elephant comes through your front door	Swim towards a window
What do you call a 5 year old's knees	Kidneys! Ha! I'll be here all week folks.
what do you get when you cross a rabbit and an ant	Bugs Bunny.
What's the pirate movie rated	PG-13!
What's the difference between a rooster and a hooker	A rooster will say cock a doodle do! But a hooker will say any cock will do!
What kind of dog did the sad cantaloupe get	A melon collie!
What do a good joke and a child with cancer have in common	They never get old.
What's the hardest thing about scout camp	No, not your scout master's dick, but choosing what to wear in his tent.
What goes red and white, red and white, red and white	Santa Claus rolling down a hill.
What's an ig	A snow house with no dumper. ^I'm ^so ^sorry. ^Deleting ^my ^account.
What's a bulimiac's favourite porno	Deep throat
What's the difference between Mike Tyson and the iPhone 4s	There are no *unboxing* videos of Mike Tyson.
What would you do if someone is choking	Take a step back.
What does the Dalai Lama order from the pizza shop	One with everything
What do you call... What do you call a masturbating cow	Beef Stroganoff
What do you call a person who you had a one night stand with on Mars	A solmate
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What's an otakus favourite dessert	Senpie.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotapus
What state has the smallest soft drinks	Minisoda
What satellite TV provider does ISIS use	Daesh Network
What kind of tree likes a high five	A palm tree
Whats the best thing about having sex with a pregnant woman	You get pussy and head at the same time.
What's brown and sounds like a bell	Dung!
What's brown and sounds like a bell	Dung.
What starts and ends with a 'v' and is only one letter	'w'
What do you call a storm that's raining cats and dogs	A furrycanine
whats another name for a cemetary	a chinese resturant
[NSFW] What's the difference between a woman and a Fridge	A Fridge doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What was Hitlers favorite letter	Well I can tell you its Not C... and Not Z for sure __________ Just thought of this lol (the not C part) /u/PM_ME_2_SEE_MY_DICK .... thought of not z...
What's the worst thing about a lung transplant	Coughing up someone else's phlegm
What do you call a bullying competition	A jerk-off
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr Dre
What do fat girls and scooters have in common	They're both fun to ride.....until your friends see you.
What do you call a midget Mexican	A little Juan.
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis	The Nazis had a purpose
What do you call a little pepper in Spanish	A jalapequeno
What do you call an alligator in a vest	an investigator.
What did the necropheliac say to her boyfriend	Did rigor mortis just set in, or are you just happy to see me? Edit: I'm an idiot
What did the first lesbian vampire say to the second lesbian vampire	See you next month.
What's the difference between shaving a red head's pubes and diffusing a bomb	When you diffuse a bomb, you only have to cut one red wire.
What do u call an anorexic women with a yeast infection	Quarter pounder with cheese.
What do beekeepers say when they go to work	Alright, let's get down to beeswax!
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe, dummy!
What's the difference between parsley and pussy	Nobody ever eats parsley.
What has four legs and see just as well from  either end	A horse with his eyes closed!
What do you call a guy that steals burgers	A hamburglar!
What do you call a socialite stripper	a peeler of the community!
What do you call a cross between... a Mafia Don and post-modernism	An offer you can't understand.
What's the difference between a bass player and a large pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call a director of an anti-vampire organization	A stakeholder.
What do you call a pessimistic horse	A Neigh-Sayer
What fruits do vampires eat	Blood oranges.
What does Donald Trump say when he can't find his viagra	The erection is rigged!
What kind of wood doesn't float	Natalie Wood.
What did Bose say to Einstein about the weather	It's 0K
What do you call the process of becoming an honorary Asian	Orientation.
What is the most confusing holiday in Detroit	Labor Day.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	GLOVES! Nah, just kidding. He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
What does a Chinese bear fry eggs in	A pan, duh!
what's the best part about electing Hillary Clinton	Being able to pay her 33% less
What do you call 1000 lesbians with guns	Militia Etheridge
What do you call a man who has lost 95% of his brainpower	A widower.
What is a guy who hangs out with musicians called	A singer
What do you call a tick on the moon	A lunatic.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb	(gotta love the classics) You can unscrew a light bulb
What do you call a mound of dirt that is uneducated	A Hillbilly
What did the fat prostitute say to the skinny prostitute	We really should have made better life choices.
Whats the difference between Jesus and Mexicans	Jesus doesn't have Mexicans tattooed all over him.
What's the best time to go to the dentist	Tooth hurty
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick	A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
Q: What did the hurricane say to the other  hurricane	A: I have my eye on you.
What do you get when you mix an Obama campaign slogan with Fifty Shades of Grey	Rope and chains.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dessed man on a bicycle	Attire...!!
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon	A watermelon doesn't cry when you hit it with a sledgehammer.
What do you call a seaside shanty for kids without parents	A wharfanage
What do you call a bear with no teeth	a gummy bear
What does a barcode say if he bumps into another barcode	SKU me
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a Hoover vaccuum	The position of the dirt bag.
What's the best thing about a blowjob	The five minutes of peace and quiet
Whats the difference between a blond and a mosquito	If you slap a mosquito it will stop sucking!
What are your best family friendly Christmas jokes	I need some for tonight.
What do zero and nil have in common	Absolutely Nothing
What did Mike Tyson say when he saw mold	That's growth.
What did O say to Q	Pull your pants up will ya?
What did the Latin guy say after he had sex	Veni. Veni. Veni.
What do tall people and black people have in common	They have no one to look up to.
What does a ghost eat for dinner	Spookhetti
What will Donald Trump definitely do when he wins the election	Donald Trump will ban muslim, be a douchebag,make the whitehouse 500x larger and of course, BOMB NORTH KOREA!
What does an unborn child say... ...while its parents are having sex	Oh yes, daddy!
What's grey but turns red	An embarrassed elephant !
What's so good about an Ethiopian blow job	You know that she will definitely swallow
What is a thespian pony	A little horse play!
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice belt. ....... Ba dum chhhh!
What do you get when you minus Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear...	... A smile !
What type of fruit is impossible to marry	Cantaloupe
What do you call vampires vagina	Cunt Dracula
What has 5 fingers but isn't your hand	My hand
What's the easiest way to get off an elephant	I don't know but you should buy it dinner first!
What does a Dingo call a pregnant woman	A Snack Pack...... I'm sorry
What is a woman	Man with a uterus somewhere
What is a feminist's feeling when she gets ""threatened	Womenaced
What do you get when you have two balls in your hand	A man's undivided attention!
What does a stripper do to her asshole before work	She drops him off at band practice.
What do grapefruit and women have in common	The best ones squirt when you eat them.
What drink does Santa give to naughty children	Coala
What room is a ghost scared of	The living room( haha get it?)
What's the cheapest type of meat to buy	? Deer balls; because they're under a buck.
What do you call a black person flying a plane	A pilot.. you racist bastard!
What's the sound of a one-handed corpse clapping	Dead silence. What's the sound of a one-handed zombie clapping? Undead silence. Thanks to my gaming group for those.
What's the best part of living in Alabama	You don't live in Mississippi.
What's the opposite of ""lily white""	A racist term of some sort.
What did the stoner drop when he listened to dubstep	Salt.
What kind of mushroom gets beat up the most	A shiitake mushroom
What did the redditor do to a post	He rEDDITed it. I'll leave.
What's the difference between a violinist and a fiddler	How red their necks are.
What was Carl Sagan really trying to say about the brain	In Soviet Russia, consciousness regulates the cerebral cortex.
What is the easy way to get a wild elephant	Get a tame one and annoy it !
What would you say to Hitler if he was sick	Hey, ill Hitler!
What do you call 24 carrots	Edible gold.
What do you get when you teach Android grammar	A droid
What do you call a drug addict that's allergic to heroin	Cracktose Intolerant
What's white and red, 3 inches long, and makes dudes scream and run away when you show it to them	A positive pregnancy test.
[WARNING: RACIST JOKE] What do you call a jew with a gasmask	A spoilsport.
What do you get if you cross a frog with a  decathlete	Someone who pole-vaults without a pole.
What's so ironic about disabled toilets	They're big enough to run around in.
What did the traffic light say to the car	Don't look! I'm changing!
What's that Lassie	Bark! Yes I have a few moments of free time Bark! Goddammit lassie no I don't want to hear about Jesus
What do you call a person whose wife was the Queen, daughter is a Princess and his boss is the Emperor, but he himself is no royal	Darth Vader.
What did the druggie scientist say when he got high on Helium	He He
What did the mother say to the child who refused to eat his fossil for dinner	Trilobite, you'll love it!
What did the cannibal's parents say when she brought her boyfriend home	'Lovely dear he looks good enough to eat!'
What does a cock and a Rubik's Cube have in common	The more you play with it, the harder it gets. Repost, forgot to proofread ""What's does a dick and a Rubiks Cube have in common?"" From /r/Jokes
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic, and an agnostic	Some guy sitting up all night wondering if there really is a dog
What do you call a crocodile in a band	A crocstar
What do vegetarian zombies eat	Graaaaaains. I'm sorry.
What do you call a fake enemy	A faux!
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head	Cliff.
Q: What is the difference between Liverpool football and a tea bag	A: The tea bag stays in the cup longer.
What do you call a Russian snake that's eating its own tail	An ouroboris
What makes cows and horses so valuable	They have a lot of moo/neigh.
What has four legs, is big, green, and fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree on top of you, would kill you	A pool table.
What is the creepiest letter of the alphabet	V. Because no matter where you are, any time of any day, no matter what you do, V always follows U.
What has little balls and screws old ladies	A bingo machine.
What's the difference between a Redditor, Marilyn Monroe, Melania Trump, and Lee Harvey Oswald	One's a jerk who jacks off, one jerked off Jack, one jacks off a jerk, and one's a jerk who offed Jack .
What do you call a very lazy baby kangaroo	A pouch potato.
What is a hurricane's favorite pet	-Anywhere from 1 to 5 cats
What's a pedophile's favorite food	I'm not sure, I only watch the children eat.
What do you call a person who teaches you the art of farting	A tooter
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	Mittens. Just joking, im not sure what he got, hasn't opened his gift yet
What happen after JFK's assassination	A funeral.
What do we want	TIME TRAVEL! When do we want it? THAT'S IRRELEVANT!
What do you call a couch, chair, and a table made out of plants	Ferniture.
What's the downside of being a redneck kid at Christmas	You only get presents from one set of grandparents.
What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Jewish mother	Eventually the Rottweiler lets go.
What did the suicide bomber say when he saw a naked girl for the first time	Nothing. He just exploded.
What do you call a group of African superheroes	The Jaundice League
What do you call a discounted Zuckerberg	Marked down!
What do you call a chicken staring intently at a piece of lettuce	A chicken ceaser salad.
What was the cannibal's favorite part about the Vegetarian dish	The Vegetarian
What do u call a Jamaican proctologist	Poke'mon
What does a shooting star say to his buddy before he dies	Meet me - oh, right..
What's Tim Cook's new nickname	Jack The Ripper
What do you get when you kiss a sick bird	Cherpies.
What's the difference between an original joke and a repost	I dunno, i just click submit
What did the dog say to the fireman	The roof is on fire.
What do you call somebody who pretends to play on a player piano	A Penis
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What's Bill Corby's favorite type of Jello	Grape. The ""G"" is silent. Just like his lovers. Edit: I can't edit the title, I suck at spelling -_- (and proofing)
What did the policeman say to the jumper	Pullover
What did they call Hitler's limo driver	the Chau-fuhrer
What is a dog who crosses the street twice in  an hour	A double crosser.
What do you call a rabbit who is real cool	A hip hopper.
What happened to the cowboy when he said that he was sick of washing cowhides at his side of the dairy	He was sent to the udder side
What's the difference between a politician and an actor	One acts solely for money, the other is the actor.
What kind of pastry do you need a thesaurus to eat	Synonym rolls
What rhymes with computer	No it doesn't...
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor	A pachydermatologist.
What are the differences among a piano, a tuna, and super glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna
What do you call a werewolf who has taken an interest in social justice	Awarewolf
What do you call Kansas overrun by pirates	Arkansas
What is black and in jail	A black man who committed a crime.
What does it take to make a squid laugh	Ten tickles.
What'd the man with 5 penises say..	These pants fit like a glove!
What's the difference between a horny girl and a hungry girl	Where she puts the cucumber..
What is the difference between three dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke
What do you call an albino gorilla	Honkey Kong
What do nuns do when they're horny	They cum to Jesus.
What is Unidan's favorite fast food joint	Five Guys.
What do you do after you've just licked the softest, sweetest, pussy in the world	Put it back in the crib.
What's the difference between a fish and a guitar	You can't tuna fish!
What do you call a cat eating a girl out	Cannibalism
What did the cow say... What did the cow say when she jumped over the barbed wire fence	I'm udderly ruined!"" credit: my grandma, at every party she's ever been to
What do you call a Chinese prostitute with no legs	Dragon Lips.
What's the difference between the calendar and you	A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.
What flies around your light at night  and can bite off your head	A tiger moth !
What did Adele say when the chicken crossed the road	Hello from the other side...
What's the latest Irish invention	A helicopter ejector seat
What's the best thing to have in a hairy situation	A razor.
What's a blind mans favorite car	A cataract
what do you call a gay sloth	Slow-mosexual
What do you get when you cross a black and a mexican	Someone who's too lazy to steal.
What is Trump's favourite movie	Wall-E.
What was Hitler's favorite drink	Jews
What's the difference between a tire and 1000 used condoms	One is a good year and the other is a great year.
What's the worst part about having Alzheimer's	To get to the other side
What do you call a party with 100 midgets	A little get together.
What sounds like a joke, but isn't funny	an anti-joke.
What do you get if you cross a mountain and a baby	A cry for Alp !
What breaks every time you give it to a toddler	Their pelvis.
What did the bullfighter shout just as a bull gored his guts out	Ole shit!
What do you call a bar in Star Wars	A space bar.
What did the lesbian vampires say to each other	Seeya next month!
What kind of ant can you colour with	A crayant !
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	[NSFW] Q: What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A: A hooker can wash and resell her crack.
What do you call a boat full of Karma	An Upboat.
What's the best thing about a woman	She doesn't have a dick! I'm so, so sorry.
What do West Virginians call a pretty woman	A  tourist.
What do you call a Muslim Elvis Impersonator	Alam Shookup.
What did the oxygen atom say to the two hydrogen atoms	Man! This threesome is getting me wet!
What was one thing Nicholas the 2nd of Russia not good at	Czarcasm.
What's a Scottish cannibal's favorite food	Mac in cheese
What's the difference between fish and meat	If you beat your fish, it will die.
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Flush
What do fish smoke	Seaweed
What literary genre is Frozen	Bildungsnowman. (OC)
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say	Beat it. We're closed
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino...  \ _ ()_/
What do you call a Kiwi with one leg	Not even bro.
What do you call a Roman with pubic hairs stuck between his teeth	Glad-he-ate-her.
What did the fisherman do on his date	Netfish and krill
What's faster than the speed of light	The speed of *how fast my wife jumps to conclusions*
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a female track team	One is a cunning bunch of runts...
What's the useless skin around the vagina called	The woman.
What does it mean if you look down and see four balls instead of two	Careful, you might be getting screwed.
What did the hamburgers say to the butcher who  acted on a TV show	Welcome back Cutter!
What's tennis players favourite  city	Volley wood!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Q: What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? A: [Sound effect - - gagging noises]
What happened to the cow when she tried to jump over the barbed wire fence	Udder destruction.
What did the humanistic psychologist say at Freud's funeral	He died at such a Jung age.
What's Donald Trumps favourite album	The Wall"" by Pink Floyd
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies	A bingo machine.
Whats a Drummers favorite Pokemon	Rattata
What do you call an empty jar of cheez whiz	Sheez was!
What do you call an Egyptian with a gastrological disorder	Toot Uncommon.
What is Jack the Rippers favorite restaurant	Chick Fillet
What do you call a Redhead who dyes her hair Blonde	TransGinger
What happens when Anthony Weiner tries to shake someones hand	They think long and hard before they touch weiner.
What do you call a money lender who lives in the ocean	A loan shark!
What do you call the day before Christmas Eve	Christmas Adam
What's the name of West Virginia's version of Winnie the Pooh	Gummy Bear
What's the difference between a woman and a computer	A computer accepts a 3.5 in. floppy.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breath idiot, breath!
What did the boy say to his nanny when she stubbed her toe while playing tag	Na-na boo-boo
What did the elephant say that was pulled out of a mud pit by the balls	Thank you Mrs. Ball, thank you Mr. Ball. It should be assumed I saw myself out.
What's the difference between America and Europe	In America, we call our inbred hillbillies. In Europe, they call them royals.
What do you call a prostitute who does both men and women	An omniwhore.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite '80s band	Foreigner
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalatapus
What do you say to the cashier when you're adamant about using an expired coupon	dis counts!!
What did God say to Jesus	This lawn ain't gonna mow itself.
What about that new beer... by Peter Cotton Ale	It's made with more hops!
Q: What did Captain Cook say to his men before they got on the ship	A: Let's get on the ship, men!
Whats the difference between a noose and a leash	How high you tie it on a tree.
What happens if you play a country song backward	You get your house back, your dog back, your wife back, and you sober up.
What does God call his nose	God knows.
What do you call that useless bit of skin around the vagina	The woman.
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eyes	Chicken ceaser salad.
What does 100% humidity mean	Even dry farts feel like wet farts.
What do you call a pair of snakeskin trousers	Serpants.
What is another term for ob gyn	A Klingon! since obstetrician gynaecologist is too long, and OB GYN doesn't make sense ,lets call them Klingons
What do you call a pregnant nun who cycles to church everyday	No seriously, a friend asked me this and I didn't know.
Q: What does a blonde and a turtle have in  common	A: If either one of them end up on there back they are both  f*cked.
What does the electron say to the resistor	Ohm my god you're impeding me. *initiate knee slap
What do you get when you cross a stock broker, a detective, and an alligator	An investigator.
What happened when Bluto went to Mount Olive	Popeye got pissed
What do you call a pig in a steel foundry	A pig pig.
Q: What do massage therapists eat for dinner	A: Spa-ghetti.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	DR.Dre
What insulator has the greatest electrical resistance	your mohm
What's the longest sentence in the English language	I do.
What's the difference between tumblr and a gun	The gun has only one trigger
What do internet football fans sing	E we go E we go E we go!
What does a puppy and a near sighted gynecologist have in common	Both have a wet nose.
What did the conformist say to the Guru	You make me Sikh!
What kind of coffee does an executioner drink	Decap
What do you call a bird born in the 90s	A millennial falcon.
What happens when you put Nutella on salmon	You get salmonella
What did one sperm say to the other	How are we gonna find an egg in all this shit?!
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew	A hit Broadway show. (heard Drew Carey make this joke in a Whose Line blooper reel)
What does it mean when a lion roars	Shut up. The movie is about to start.
What is a pirate's least favorite letter	Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: 1. Illegal Downloading
What did Tarzan shout when he saw the elephants coming up over thehill while wearing sunglasses	Nothing. He did not recognize them.
What is the square root of 69	-*ate* somethin'.
What did the buffalo say to his son when leaving for college	bison
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor I'm sorry....
What happens after Amy Chua	Amy Swallowa.
What did the werewolf write at the bottom of the letter	Best vicious . . .
What do you call a black guy who discriminates against white people	A racist you racist.
What is the difference	What its the difference between a quarter and a guy? Neither gets had when you want tail
What do dyslexic zombies want to eat	Brians
What's a shy and retiring  accountant	An accountant who is half a million shy and that's why he's  retiring.
What did the bisexual man said to his wife	It is not cheating if it is in the ass.
What did the bra say to the hat	You go on a head, I'll hang back with these two
What do you call a guy with a big orange nose	Sir. The man has enough on his plate without being treated as a lesser individual by society.
What did the spilled noodles say to the sauce pan	I'm floored!
What do call the two midgets who ran an impound lot	Little Seizers
What do you have when you have two small, green balls in your hand	Kermit's undivided
What did the adrenaline addict say to the serial killer	Why are we even friends?
What does the Russian President's wife scream during foreplay	Putin! Putin!
What do you call cheese that's not yours	Nacho cheese
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween	Pump-Kin
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a scotsman	Mick Jagger says ""hey you, get off of my cloud."" a scotsman says ""hey McLeod, get off of my ewe!
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick up your ass
Whats the difference between a corvette and a blowjob	Your mom didnt give me a corvette
What's the difference between USA and USB	One connects to all your devices &amp; access your data, and the other is a hardware standard.
Q: What kind of monkey can fly	A: A hot air baboon.
What does the devil eat in Japan	Sin Pie Edit: TIL There is an actual pie called Sin Pie in the southern states.
Q: What do you call four Blondes in a  Volkswagon	A: Far-from-thinkin
What does a high school dance have in common with the parking lot at a Keith Urban concert	Lots of bad pickup lines.
What do you call blueberries, raspberries and strawberries inside of a hidden chest	Berried Treasure.
What makes a ghost happy	An elevator. It lifts the spirits.
What's the difference between a school teacher and a train	A school teacher tells you to spit out your gum, a train says choo choo.
What do you get when you mix pie and onions	Opinions!
What do you call a king's fart	Noble gas
What did the Iraqi boy say to his father when he got home from school	I forgot my Bagdad.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye, matey!
What's the difference between E.T. and a Mexican	E.T. learned English and wanted to go home.
What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate	A chocolate ba-a-a-a
What's the deal with airline food	Buy 2 get 1 free
What's the difference between Nine-Eleven and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 14 years straight. Be gentle... it's my cake day :-)
What do you need to poop in the forest	Toiletries
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	I couldn't unscrew your mom.
What is black and white and red all over	A Dalmatian with a bad sunburn.
what is the difference between love and herpies	Love doesn't last forever.
What colour pants do you need to start a vehicle	Khaki
What is the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What sways from side to side	Jesus on a rubber cross!
What do you do when an epileptic has a seizure in a bathtub	Throw in your laundry.
What did the famous musician say the moment he was born	*I'LL BE BACH*
What does a pirate get when he walks into a second-hand shop	Disappointed.
What would gold say if it could talk	A-U"" :|
What can you say about a car and not a girl/your gf	It's easy to turn on, and even though it's eleven, I still love her.
What has two legs and bleeds	half a dog
What do marriage and hurricanes have in common	They both start with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your fucking house! thanks @Canadianmomma
What do you get when you cross an Elephant with a Rhino	HellifIknow!
What is Hillary Clintons favorite type of footwear	flip-flops
What did the Turkish guy say to his babe when she invited him to eat	Ke-bab
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a boner	I don't have a Ferarri.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks	Redditors can't take a joke.
What's the hardest part of making chicken fried steak	Teaching the chicken to cook
What is E.T. short for	So he can fit on a spaceship.
What was the name of the pakistani hide and seek champion	'amhid'
What's pink and hard when it goes in, and soft and wet when it comes out	Bubble gum.
What is a priest's favorite guitar chord	Gsus
What do you call a Nazi who left the war to become an animal doctor	A Veteran Aryan
What can 9 out of 10 people agree on	gang rape
What is the leading cause of dry skin	Bath towels...
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean	Bob
What's the hardest thing about being an audiophile	Convincing the sound to get into your van.
What has 2 legs and looses a lot of blood	Half a dog
What kind of stories does Eli Whitney tell on Easter	Cottontales
What do you call someone who lurks for child pornography	A Predditer
What do you call a rich man's white tank top	A trophy wife beater.
What happens to Pastors who eat chili dogs	They have to sit in their own pew.
What do headmasters and bullfrogs have in common	Both have big heads that consist mostly of mouth !
What did the Chili's waitress say about her kidnapped daughter	I want my baby back, baby back, baby back.
What does a Jewish pedophile say	You wanna buy some candy?
What did the Pacific Ocean say to the Atlantic Ocean	Nothing they just waved!!!  Sea what I did there!!! If you laughed hit that like button, come on don't be a beach Thank you thank you
What's 6"" long and women love it	100$ bill.
What do you call a Mexican stationed out at sea	A Navy Bean
What does a miserable vegan eat	This pear. Thought of this horrible joke while eating a juicy ass pear!
What is brown and sits in a toilet in a dutch attic	The diarrhea of Anne Frank.
What's tall, white and has ears	A mountain.
What does a little sister ride	A nii san
What do you call Raggedy Ann, in a puddle of mud, with a stone in her mouth	A dirty cotton rock sucker.
What's a Jewish person's least favourite subreddit	r/showerthoughts
What do you call a cow that goes online	An eMoo.
What did the blind paraplegic child get for Christmas	Cancer. Happy new years folks!
What do you call a sarcastic man who steps in poop	Feces-tious
What's the difference between an iceberg and a clothes brush	One crushes boats and the other brushes coats!
What is the difference between ooooooh and aaaaaaah	About three inches.
What do you call and autistic child caught in a house fire	A baked potato
What is the useless skin around the vagina called	The woman
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station, and one's a busty crustacean.
What do narcoleptic people drink in bars	BoozZzZzZzZzZzZ^Z^z^Z^z^Z^z
What do you call a chicken that crosses the road  without looking both ways	Dead.
What has eyes but can't see	Hellen Keller
What part of your computer is most likely to molest your child	The PDF file. What part of your computer is most likely to molest your child? The PDF file.
What part of a car is the laziest	The wheels. They are always tired.
What did the cow say to her husband when he denied pooping in the living room	That's bullshit!
What's the only animal with a cunt on its back	A police horse.
What do indian mice do when they get scared	They scurry!
What brand of underwear did Jesus wear	Fruit of the Womb
What do skaters, kidnappers, and hipsters all have in common	They all have white vans
What is OJ Simpson's password on his computer	Slash, slash, backslash, escape.
What's the difference between Jesus and Bono	Jesus doesn't think he's Bono
Whats around $5000+ and enhances personality	Breast implants.
What's the difference between a hippy and a hockey player	The hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
What do you call it when a fruit studders	A peach impediment.
Q: What did Tarzan shout when he saw the elephants coming up over the hill while wearing sunglasses	A: Nothing. He did not recognize them.
What did Peyton Manning do yesterday	...played footbal but lost and made ppl sad as fuck. joke's on the ppl cus their sad as fuck and i dont care
What beverage should you give someone who is publicly intoxicated	penal tea edit: to someone
What's Obama's favorite word	uh...
What do you call a balloon that glows in the dark	A LED Zeppelin
What did one frog say.to the other	Time's sure fun when you're having flies!
What kind of exercise do lazy people do	Diddly-squats.
Whats the hardest thing to eat about a vegetable	The wheel chair
What do Mediterranean volcanoes make for dessert	bakLAVA
What's the difference between a baby and a feminist	I don't want to punch the baby in the fucking face.
Whats E.T short for	Because he's got little legs.
What is the definition of disgusting	Putting 7 oysters up your girlfriend and sucking out 8
What do you call a threesome with two guys and a girl	...a DVD.
What's the difference between an egg and a wank	You can beat an egg.
What is the purpose of war	God created War so that Americans would learn Geography"" - Mark Twain
What does Yao Ming stand for	When he sits down it takes too long to get back up.
What do you call a boxing match between two  aardvarks	A snout bout!
What did the kid with no arms and legs get for Christmas	Cancer
What does a clock do when its hungry	It goes back four seconds
What do you call an Arabic rapper	Vanilla Isis
What do you call an elderly person from Spain	Senor citizen.
What is the best thing about Dwane ""the rock"" Johnson's physique	Nobody takes him for granite.
What do Amy Schumer and a tampon have in common	They're both stuck up cunts.
What is a fretless bass good for	About thirty yards if you use both hands.
What did the gay bar say to the straight bar	Q: What did the gay bar say to the straight bar? A: I'm not gay. Its just the guys that come inside me.
What do you call a party organized by a bunch of midgets	A little get together
What s the only white thing about a black guy	His owner.
What do you call it when someone hacks your bank account, and performs a transaction that leaves you with exactly as much money as you had before	Identity theft! A math joke. Credit goes to Ben.
What happens to sex bombs later in life	They become box-office bombs
What's the difference between a pig and a musician	A pig won't stay up all night to fuck a musician
What do you get when you mix up literature and alcohol	Tequila mockingbird Or Ernest Hemingway
What's the difference between In-laws and 0utlaws	Outlaws are wanted.
What did one casual necrophiliac say to the other as they left their day jobs	Come by my place later, we'll crack a cold one.
What is the difference between my dad and cancer	Cancer came back
What was the Tsar of Russia's favorite fish	Tsardines !
What did the man with dyslexia do while he was at the beach	Sarah Palin
What's an epileptic's favorite side dish	Seizure salad.
What do you call two guys with no arms or legs hanging from a window	Curt and Rod
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up  and beg	Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
What do you call a line at a Vietnamese restaurant	A pho queue
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	A pilot, you fucking racist.
What's the most poular Christmas carol in the desert	Oh caaamel ye faithful.
What do you get if you cross a dog with a frog	A dog that can lick you from the other side of the road!
What do you call a carpentry business that only hires midgets	The Whittle Business *badum ching*
What do you call a Muslim woman wearing oculur rift or a VR headset	Stealth Bomber
What do you call a gay guy who gives bad blow jobs	A tooth fairy.
What's the difference between soap and SOPA	You won't get fucked if you drop SOPA.
Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What did a propeller say to Howard Hughes	I'm a big fan.
What does Batman like in his lemonade	Just ice.
what is the stupidest animal in the jungle	the polar bear
What's the difference between ISIS and a piece of shit	I don't know any difference either.
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle	The Polar Bear.
What words does Donald Trump find irresistibly sexy	You sick fuck, I'm calling the cops.
What should you do if you find a snake in your bed	Sleep in the wardrobe.
What do you get when you squish a synagogue	Jews
What do you call a Steer playing with itself	Beef Stroganoff
What did the clone troopers say after they killed Aayla Secura	Bye Felucia
What do you call heavy metal music written about fruit	Applecore. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet	An elephant with diarrhea.
What do you call a fish with diarrhea	A Pooper Grouper!!!!!
What do you call an asian women who flies an airplane	A pilot, you fucking racist.
What happens to a dog that keeps eating bits off of the table	He gets splinters in his mouth !
What do you call an orange cat in summer	Shedder Cheese!
What's better than a laxative	Reddit.
What's the best part about dating a homeless girl	You can drop her off anywhere!!
What the Diffrence between Chinese and Mexican food	Chinese food comes out in about 15-20 minutes and Mexican food comes outta you in about 15-20 minutes.
What does a vulture bring onto a plane	Carrion luggage
What's brown and sticky	Chris Brown after each prison stay.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Moby Dick	Moby is just named Dick but Trump is an actual dick.
What do you get when you put two different vinaigrettes in your salad	Cross-dressing
What's black and white and red all over	Niggers getting the fuck beat out of them by cops
What do astronauts wear to bed	Space Jammies!
What can't you spell without the letters p-e-n-i-s	Happiness... you dirty bastards
What do you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle	You wipe it off and say sorry.
What did the ocean said to the river when they parted ways	Nothing, he was just full of tears
What do you call a Zoo that contains only small dogs	A Shitzu.
What's the difference between a Greyhound Bus depot filled with old people, and a crab with DD boobs	One's a crusty bus station, and the others a busty crustacean.
What is the first derivative of a cow	A prime rib.
What does Laquisha have for breakfast	Plan B
What other body parts did Voldemort not have apart from his nose	His legs and arms.. because he was disarmed and defeated.
What'd the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass.
What do you call a Jew who is terrible with money	Bernie Sanders.
What is a lazy persons favourite exercise routine	Diddly squat.
What musical instrument goes with cheese	Picklelo.
Whats the name of the band with the most hits	the hitlers!
What do parsley and pussy hair have in common	You push it aside and keep eating. Credit to a coworker that told me this last night.
What did the hippie say when I asked him to leave my house	Nah, I'm-a stay.
What is white on top and black on the bottom	Society.
What do you call a puppy on its period in the peak of summer	A hot dog with ketchup at one end.
What caused ""The Black Death""	The police.
What the difference between woman and man	A man has always the same penis between his legs.
What is the proudest body part	the veins
What did the blond do with her asshole in the morning	Pack him a lunch and tell him to go to work!
What do you call a person who has sex with a person and a sheep	Basexual
What is the historical significance of Sir George Stokes	He was a seminal fluid dynamicist.
What did the worm say to the other when he was  late home	Where in earth have you been !
What did the black man get for his son on christmas	Your bike.
What do you call a giant pile of kittens	A meowntain
What do you call an Irishman who's had eight beers	The designated driver.
What kind of underwear do old people wear	...Depends.
What would you call Daenerys Targaryen if she had a vaginal infection	Khalyeasty
Q: What happens to an air conditioner when you pull its plug	A: It loses its cool.
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall	(LONG) Damn.
What dance do you do when summer is over	Tango (tan go).
What can a lawyer do that a duck can't	Stick his bill up his arse.
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur	Lickalotapus
What do you call an anti-social black man	A brown recluse.
what do a divorce and a tornado have in common in west virginia	either way you lose the trailer
What kind of phone does Hades use half the year for making booty calls	The Perse-phone.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow	Reality.
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with Cheese
What does an iPhone 7 and The Titanic have in common	The end has no Jack.
What does Sonic say on Ramadan	Gotta go fast!
What happens when you witness a shipwreck	You let it sink in.
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice fuckin' belt.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	R! Aaaarrrgghhhh! You'd think it'd be R but it's the C, matey!
What do you do if a gang of clowns attack you	Go for the juggler.
What's the difference between a book and a Mexican	Books have papers....
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing Basketball	Juan on Juan
What does Delia Smith say when she wants to fight a road	'Let's be avenue.'
What new feature will the next Star Wars movie have that the old ones didn't	Han-free
What does a vegetarian zombie eat	Graaaaaaiiiiiinnns
What's black and white and makes a lot of noise	A zebra with a set of drums.
What's been in the works for 7000 days and has barely made any progress	Me
What's white and washes your socks	Your wife.
What do you get when a superhero has to use the restroom	A comic relief.
What is the most awkward name a gay person can have	Christian
What did the pirate pirate say on his 80th birthday	I can't believe I'm still illegally downloading movies at this age!
What do you call an Autobot who works in an overpriced makeup store at the mall	Ulta Magnus!
What do you call a Vulcan sheep	Shbaaaaaaaahk
Q: What do you call a fish with no eyes	A: Fsh.
What do I have in common with Franz Kafka	Neither of us have finished The Castle.
Q: What do you give a sick bird	A: Tweetment.
What do flies do at church	Flyspray
What's yellow and writes	A ball-point banana.
What's four inches long and drives women crazy	A 100 dollar bill you pervert!
What do you call a gigolo you don't pay	A Free Willy.
What do you call your ex-girlfriend in Maryland	Old bae.
What does a gay crow say	COCK COCK COCK COCk
what does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back **FOUR SECONDS**!
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree	Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
What did one candle say to the  other	Don't birthdays burn you up?
What happened after an explosion at a French cheese factory	All that was left was de brie.
What type of fruit can you not eat just one of	A Pair!
What 6 words destroy any religious argument as well as your oppositions desire and ability to continue said argument	1.)Prove 2.)That 3.)Shit 4.)You 5.)Fucking 6.)Cunt
What do you call a manic bear	A bipolar bear.
What do you call a vehicle that has changed gender	TRANSportation
What does Supertramp do after buying rice	They take the long-grain home.
What is green and flies above Poland	Peter Pansky
What did the masturbator say when returning the porn that his friend let him borrow	[OC] Thanks, came in handy!
What happens when you see two twin sister witches	You don't know which witch is which!
What do you get when you cross a Classical German composer with an erupting volcano	Baklava. (It came to me in a dream last night. I dunno man..)
What's the diffence between a thong and a bandsaw	Nothing... Just one inch of a slip with your finger and you're in deep shit in both cases.
What has 2 eyes, 2 belly buttons and 2 legs	2 pirates.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	R? You'd think that but it's the C.
What do you call 2000 mockingbirds	2 kilo mockingbirds
Q: What is it that all men have one of; it's longer on some men than on others; the Pope doesn't use his; and a man gives it to his wife after they're married	A: surname
what's the deal with ""airplane food	newsflash, jerry: it's called jet fuel.
What to mopeds and fat chicks have in common	They're both fun to ride until one of your friends sees you on one.
What's the difference between Jews and Pizzas	Pizzas don't scream in the oven. *Preparing self For the downvotes/Report*
Q: What do you call a cat when he first wakes up with the alarm clock	- A: Catsup!
What does a subatomic duck say	Quark!
What did the two story house say to its friend after it had just finished working out, and it's friend invited I to a party	I'm two tiered. I came up with this at 1am, enjoy.
What's the difference between a fox and a dog	About 7 beers.
What did the pony say after he coughed	Excuse me, I'm a little hoarse.
What do you call a girl who pushed her father off a cliff	Pushpa!!
What do you call a chinese jew	Oriental Cooking
What do you get when you cross a dog with an amplifier	A subwoofer.
What does a nosy pepper do	Gets jalapeno business
What is worse than blacking out after a crazy night and losing money	Blacking out and gaining money.
What happens to a legend's career when he loses his leg	It ends.
What did the banana say to the vibrator	Why are you shaking? She's going to be eating me!
What does a Chicago police officer and a professional skateboarder have in common	They both shred footage. (*be gentle, it's my first time.*)
What did the left tower say to the right tower	I gotta catch a plane
What was Alex Rodriguez's last hit	Who gives a shit, he's finally done ruining the sport.
What's the worse thing to hear during a prostate exam	A zip.
What do you call it when you can't see your skin	Pore resolution
What do Jimmy Saville and Lady Thatcher have in common	They both fucked miners in the 80s.
What did Samsung say after Apple came out of the closet	But I'm gayer and water resistant!
What's the difference between Canadians and Americans	100 pounds.
Whats the hardest part of vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What do you get if you cross a pitbull and a hooker	Your last blowjob.
What do Mexicans put under their carpet	Underlay! Underlay!
What do all Amish girls want	Two Mennonite
What's the worst part about dating a French horn player	Whenever you kiss, they shove their fist up your ass.
What would happen if pigs could fly	Bacon would go up!
Q: What's the difference between a chainsaw and an accordion	A: A chainsaw can be tuned.
What's the difference between the worst sex you ever had, and the best sex you ever had	Doesn't matter; Had sex
What do you get if you cross a constable with a computer	PC Plod.
What did Dr Dre say to his wife during Netflix and chill	Hope you're ready for the next episode
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster that got a boob job	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What goes cluck, cluck, cluck, boom	A chicken stepping on a landmine.
What did one testicle ask the other testicle	Why do we have to hang? Dick did the shooting!
What do you call a bug that bothers dogs on Halloween	A trick-or-fleat!
Whats invisible and smells like carrots	bunny farts
What is the only bent straight line	Its one direction of course.
What is ET short for	He's got little legs.
What noise does a cat make going down the highway	Miaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow !
What country do cows love to visit	Moo Zealand!
Q: What do snake charmers do in the rain	A: Turn on their windshield vipers.
Q: What kind of fish has two knees	A: A tunee fish.
what's your plan for this rap battle	just keep rhyming his name till he can't recover"" dope, here he comes *in walks a giant orange*
What's a basic girl's favorite vegetable	Asperrygus
What are your thoughts on monorails	They make decent one-liners.
What do you call a penguin in the desert	Lost.
What's brown and sticky	A stick. I wood've thought of something more original, but I tree-ly can't be bothered, so here you go.
What goes down but never comes up	The /r/news sub count.
What do pirate farmers charge for their corn	A buccaneer
What's the healthiest sport a pregnant women can play	Kick boxing
what's the difference between a cow and 9/11	you can't milk a cow for 14 years
What do you call a baker who doesn't make bread	I don't dough!
What do you call the Asian-Mexican master race from outer space	Illegal Aryans
What do you call a Greek with a spanking fetish	Spanakopita
What did the Alabama Sheriff call the black man with 20 bullet holes in his back	The worst case of suicide he's ever seen.
What do Detroit and the Olympics have in common	You hear a gunshot and see a bunch of black guys running
What do you call a slutty horse	A Whorse
What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder who runs out of protein	No Whey Jose.
What does a perverted cow do at night	Beef Jerkey
What do you get if you cross King Kong with  a giant frog	A monster that climbs up the Empire State Building and catches aeroplanes with its tongue.
What is the difference between a wife's argument and a knife	A knife has a point.
What do you call two Mexican guys playing basketball	Juan on Juan.
What's a Redditor's favorite color	M'genta
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	A dicktater.
What would Jesus actually do	Probably ban nail guns
What do you get if you cross a dick with a potato	A dictator.
What do you call a female alligator	A galligator
What's the most popular sports channel in Mexico	ESPNOL
What is the worst part of a prostate exam	Feeling the doctor's hands on your shoulders.
What did the terrorist say to the waiter after his meal	These hot wings have made me a ticking time bomb.
What does Justin Bieber and jam have in common	They're both in bread
What do you call immigrants to Sweden	Ugly.
What did the sheep obsessed convict say to Jared Fogle	I have a footlong waiting for **ewe** back in my cell!!!!
What Time Did Sean Connery Arrive at Wimbledon	Tennish
What's Obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend	Socialize
What's the difference between Trump and Bush	Trump builds towers and Bush knocks them down.
What did the battered woman say once she finally realized she was no longer sexually attracted to her abusive husband	Beats the fuck out of me.
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What is the difference between dog shit and black people	One eventually turns white and stops stinking.
What do you get if you flip a Mississippi family's photo album backwards	An episode of The Biggest Loser
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler	Hitler never raped a 13 year old.
What's the definition of a 68	That's when you blow me and I owe you 1.
What do you call a small petition	Petite (Basin Tss)
What's the similarity between 6th Sense and Titanic	Icy dead people.
What did Sigmund Freud say when he had an epiphany	Urethra!
What is it with Russians and their track suits	Because back in Soviet day, suit track you.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph because they're not a full esay
What do you get when you stab a baby with a knife	An erection and a place to put it.
What happens when your favorite team wins the World Cup	You turn off your playstation.
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Neville Chamberlain	Neville Chamberlain takes a weekend in the country. Adolf Hitler takes a country in the weekend. (First told circa 1938)
What's Christmas called in England	Yule Britannia !
What do you call a marine with an IQ of 70	General
what do you call a fish with no eyes	? fsh
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M; factory	A: Proof-reading.
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
What happened to sneaking out and getting drunk in the woods	Teenagers these days be all ""I hate you mom I'm joining ISIS.
What did the princess say when she got to the ball	garglgarglgarglgarglgargl
What do you call 2000 mockingbirds	Two kilomockingbirds (credit goes to my old physics book)
What did the Jew say at the Football game	Get the quarter back!
Whats the difference between a black man and a dining room table	A dining room table can stay and support a family of four.
What gets wet as it dries	Texas after a drought.
What lies on the ground 100 feet up in  the air and smells	A dead centipede.
What should I buy for dinner	I see frozen peas are cool this time of year. ..you might say that's a corny joke, but it's really not. It's a pea joke.
What do fat women get for Valentine's day	Depressed
What is the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	On a porcupine, all the pricks are on the outside!
What phone etiquette	! You hand me your phone, you better believe I'ma hurry & scroll through as many pics as I can before you notice.
What did Ron Goldman say to Nicole Brown Simpson at the Pearly gates	Heres your fucking sunglasses!
What do witches put on their hair	Scare spray!
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	Trying to fit in.
What did the Bulbasaur say to the Charmander	Bulbasaur!!
What's a rabbits' favorite song	Hoppy Birthday to You.
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women
What do you call a snake that works for the government	A civil Serpent
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph... Cause he's not a full ese
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a teenage boy	One is a master debater. The other is a masterbater.
What did the one wall say to the other wall	Meet you at the corner!
What's a pirates favorite letter	Ayyyy, tis true he loves R, but his true love is the C!
What's long green and smells like pork scratchings	Kermit the frogs finger.
What's better than winning gold in the special Olympics	Not being retarded
What do you call a T-Rex with tourettes	*Dino-swore.* I'm sorry.
What is Jesus' favorite band	Nine Inch Nails
What does a fashionable dog do when it gets tired	Pants.
What did the chemist say when his girlfriend cheated on him	Dy Ho
What did the Buddhist Monk say to the Hot Dog Vendor	Make me one with everything"" (assuming he would be able to talk in the first place)
What does a 60 year old woman have between her breasts that a 20 year old woman doesn't	Her belly button.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, Get the batmobile!
What would Hellen Keller be doing if she were alive today	Clawing at the lid of the coffin.
What's Obama's favorite game console	The Xbox One
What do you call an extremist group of water at 0 Degrees Celsius	ISIS
What did the escalator say to the elevator	Nothing, he just staired.
What element in the Periodic Table of Elements can you not take seriously	Silly-con!
What's harder than nailing a baby to a tree	My cock while doing it.
What's the difference between erotic and kinky	Erotic is when you use a feather, kinky is when you use the whole chicken
What are the famous last words of a redneck	Hey ya'll, watch this!
What do fat girls do in the summer	Stink
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13.
What do you get when you cross an aged marsupial with a con game	The old switcheroo.
What do you call cows that are best friends	Brovines.
What do you call a smart blonde	A golden retriever
What do you call a prosthetic arm for a dog	Faux paw.
What is the difference between an ounce of cocaine and an infant	Eric Clapton would absolutely NEVER let an ounce of cociane fall 49 stories out a window onto the streets of New York.
what does a man with a 9"" cock eat for breakfast	this morning, I ate some toast, cereal, coffee, bacon &amp; eggs, hash browns...
Q: What do you call African water	Nicaragua
What do you call a turlte that flies	a shellocopter. damn homies
What do you call... What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go	Flabio.
What's wrong with the sentence ""Jack and Jill is playing in the field	Women should be first.
What's the difference between snowmen and snow-women	Snowballs.
What's the difference between Obama and god	God doesn't think he's Obama.
What is matthew mcconaughey favorite bread	All rye all rye
What do you call a Beatles fan who happens to be a Chinese sadomasochistic member of the American Army	Yellow Submarine
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean	A: Nothing, they just waved.
What did Cinderella say as she was approaching the ball	*makes choking sounds*
What did the car say when it's front wheels were stolen	I don't want to go anywhere. I'm two tired.
What is the definition of a Wife	An attachment you screw on the bed to get the housework done.
What is the ONLY good trait of pedophiles	They always stick to the speed limit in front of schools.
What Do You Call An Arrogant NASA Employee	A Nas-hole!
What does Salvador Dali have for breakfast	Surreal.
What do you call a snobby criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con desending..
What's the definition of an Irish homosexual	One who likes women more than beer
What is the worst dinosaur to take to a restaurant	A pretentious connoisseurous.
What is Bernie Sanders' LEAST favorite band	SWV (sisters with voices)
What cell service do nuns in wheelchair have	Virgin Mobile
What's the difference between HP computers and HP in a video game	One of them you want to see a lot less of.
What do you call that feeling when the bus finally arrives	a peasantfeeling
What is the program for pranking insane people called	Pantaloon
What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a wall	My dick while doing it.
What do kids eat for breakfast	Yogoat
What did the physicist say to the two women he was trying to pick up at the bar	Do you ladies wanna go back to my place and conduct a double slit experiment?
What system do they teach in Hamburger High's  math courses	The meatric system silly!
What state has the smallest soft drinks	Minnesota
What is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly	Cops
What's the difference between a hooker and a dead baby	One makes you feel sick and the other one is free!
What do you know when you see three  rabbits walking down the street wearing tuxedos and top hats	You know you need a psychiatrist!
What do yeast and a redneck have in common	They're both usually found with beer and inbred. -&amp;y (written by moi)
What gets better with age	Necrophilia
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes	nothin'. she dun' been told twice.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	You beat the shit out of her.
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose	Full.
What's 50 Cents name in Zimbabwe	400 million.
What do you call a boner you don't want	A groaner.
What is comedian and former MTV show host Tom Green's favorite brand of pen	Uni-Ball
What did the Ukrainian Scientist receive after discovering the dangers of radiation	A Chernobel Prize.
What is white and lies in the grass	A shleep.
What's the hardest thing about nailing a baby to a tree	My Penis.
What's the hardest part about nailing a dead baby to a tree	My dick.
What do you call a woman on a cruise ship in Mexico using the diving board at the pool	A broad abroad on a board aboard.
what's your best oscar one liner	tell me.
What's the hardest thing about roller blading	Hearing that fucking joke all day.
What goes ""Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop click-click-click-click-click-click pop-click""	A stuttering South African tribesman.
What lives in gum trees	Stick insects !
What does Tom Cruise have in common with gay porn stars	All their best work is behind them
Whats the difference between an environmentalist and a dog sitting in the rain	eventually the dog sitting in the rain will stop whinging.
What car did the Apostles drive	(Hint:Acts 2:1 KJV)
What do you say to a hitchhiking frog	Hop in !
What do you call a horse that's been all around  the world	A globe-trotter!
What political party does Jon Snow belong to	The Know-Nothings!
What does a black man do after sex	(somewhat racist) 15 to Life!
What does one llama say to the other llama before the smoke some weed	Alpaca bowl!!!
What does a ticket to the 50 Cent concert featuring Nickleback cost	$300 if you ask Ticketmaster
What's the difference between a cowboy hat and a tampon	Cowboy hats are for assholes
What does DNA stand for	National Dyslexic Association
What do soybeans call their mother	Edamame.
What's the difference between a gamer and a pot of boiling water	A pot of boiling water doesn't get salty when you put a tea-bag in it.
What do you call a porn star who only does anal when she's drunk	Mullet. Business in the front and outdated by today's standards in the rear
What does a clock do when it's hungry	goes back four seconds..
What's Eric Garner's favorite song	Breathe Again- Toni Braxton
What do you call a rooster who is okay with his wife screwing other cocks	A cluckold.
What do Santa and Jared from Subway have in common	They both leave kids rooms with an empty sack
What do Hillbillies do on Halloween	Pumpkin
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator was opened	Close that damn door! Can't you see I'm dressing??
What did the dwarf pimp say to his working girl	Hi hoe, hi hoe. It's off to work you go!
What's the difference between kinky and perverted	Kinky you use a feather, perverted you use the whole chicken.
What do you call a musician Trump supporter	A Trump-et
What's the only way a Trumpie can get hard	Freezing to death.
What is the opposite of Karen Carpenter and John Denver duo	Two Live Crew
What do snowmen wear on their heads	Ice caps !
What do you get when you put root beer in a square glass	Beer
What do you call it when a brunette dyes her hair blonde	Brainwashing.
What was the anti-aging makeup company's slogan	Make America 8 again
What did the mother bullet say to the father bullet	We're having a BB.
What did the boy with no hands get for his birthday	I don't know he hasn't opened it yet.
What does a lumberjack and a trio of Irishmen have in common	They're both tree fellers.
What do you call Call Of Duty in the middle east	Tuesday
What comes in little cans	Red Bull and Priests.
What if a man existed w/one hand that's a steak and the other is lobster plus unlimited salad bar	This is the plot of ""Edward Sizzlerhands
What's the difference between an arts graduate and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family
What was the demon arrested for	Possession.
What does Snoop Dogg do when he forgets to put on oven mitts	He drops it like it's hot.
What do you call it when a Bulgarian uses vulgar language	A Bulgarity.
what did Spock find in the ships lavatory	the captain's log
Whats the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of an abortion clinic	Having to go inside and ask for a coat hanger
What do you call a water fowl looking in a window	Peking duck. (it came to mind over dinner... I thought I would share the pain with everyone)
What phrase describes both my personal life and how I feel about the /r/Ama-ggedon	Fuck /u/kn0thing
What kind of reptile loves to start shit	An insta-gator
What do the twin towers and gender have in common	There used to be two of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.
What's the similarity between Nike and the KKK	They both make black men run faster.
What did Jeffrey Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbit	You going to eat that?
What do you call an emo on a hiking trip	Cliffhanger.
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common	their middle name
What does a pimp and a redneck have on common	They both like to throw a ho-down.
What did a tree say to another tree	Nothing, trees can't talk!
What's the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car	- They boo-kle their seatbelts
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite subject	Computin science
What do you call a Rastafarian Police Officer	Jamaican Bacon...
what did the peanut say to the squirrel	?? he said im hungry and I'm as tired as a tree
What kind of milk does Mitt Romney drink	1%
What do you call 2 guys hanging on the wall around a window	Kurt and Rod.
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke holes that it's often poked before	A key.
What animals were last to leave the ark	The elephants as they had to pack their trunks !
What's the male equivalent of a feminist	A sexist.
What's the opposite of a basic Jew	A Hasidic Jew. (Thank you.. Thank you.. I'll be here all week..)
What do you call it when a black guy gets a hard on	The Dark Knight Rises
What do you call a man who worships his own scrotum	Sacrilegious.
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an atheist, an insomniac	A person that lays awake late at night and ponders if there's such a thing as a dog.
What do you call a battered Irish Man	Mashed Potatoes.
What's the definition of macho	Jogging home from your vasectomy.
What do you call a blind buck	No idear. What do you call a blind buck with no legs? Still no idear.
What kind of ideas do blind people get	Brailleant ones. Sauce: Am blind.
What do you call a sleeping pizza	a *piZZZa* haha someone pls date me
What noise does Doppler's cat make	Meeeeeaaaaaaoooooo^oooowwww^wwww^www
What do you call a meeting exclusively attended by pine, juniper and fir trees	A coniference.
What is the difference between a teacher and a train	Teacher says ""spit out that gum!"" But a train says ""choo! Choo!
What 8 letter word is read the same way backwards and forwards	Dyslexia
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women.
What is Mario's favorite material	Denim Denim Denim
What move does the karate kid practice the most	He wax off everyday
What does an identity thief look like	A mirror.
What's the difference between a tiny penis and a joke	My date didn't laugh at my jokes.
What do you call ghosts that haunt liquor stores	Spirits
What did the hacker do when the police came for him	He ransomware.
What equine likes to cut in line	A sawhorse!
What did the farmer say when all his cows charged him at once	I'm on the horns of a dilemma here !
What does Bill Cosby eat for breakfast	Rapefruit
What is a homophobe's favorite fruit	Cant-elope.
What did the window say when it was cracked	Well this is a pane in my glass.
What's the difference between officer Darren Wilson and Michael Brown	Officer Wilson can dodge a bullet
What happened to the man who owned a riding academy	Business kept falling off!
What did the field say to the farmer with no crops	Stop fallowing me!
What's the difference between a Pakistani preschool and Isis headquarters	I don't know man I just fly the drones
What is the difference... Q: What is the difference between leaves and a car	A: One you brush and rake, the other you rush and brake. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computational_humor
What's the worse part about eating a vegetable	Putting her back in the wheelchair
What do you call a black pilot	A glitch in the matrix
What do you call a mean Potato	A Dictator.
What gets all sweaty as it rides on top of you	Your backpack.
what has four wheels and flyz	A garbage truck.....ha ha ha
What do you call someone who just occasionally dabbles in a bit of Islamic fundamentalism	A Wahhobbyist.
Q: What's the difference between an American and a Canadian	A: An Canadian not only has a sense of humour but can also spell it.
What does a near-sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common	A wet nose
What do you get when you sit under a cow	A pat on the head.
What do you call an Islamic comedian	A Funni Muslim
What do women and fuses have in common	They blow when they get turned on.
what's black and white and red all over	interracial couple losing virginity
What did Walter White teach	Advanced methematics.
What is a... ...pain in the ass to do with a woman	Anything What is a pain in the ass to do without a woman? Sex
What do you call a Pakistani man who's been everywhere and done everything	? Bin-der-done-dat
What's the worst thing about having sex with 21 year olds	There are 20 of them.
What is called when an insurance company assesses a totaled car	An auto-topsy
What's the difference between a Fig and a Fig Newton	A Fig Newton is Force sensitive.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	The pizzas didn't scream when Hitler put them in the oven.
What's the difference between a white girl who likes to tan and a burger	They both need to be flipped every 10 mins, but only one turns pink when its done.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It will take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by a chick.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	Elifino  \ _()_/
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick up a girls ass.
What is the difference between a wife and a parasite	At least a parasite won't leave you for someone else after sucking everything out of you.
What do the weather man and every other man have in common	They say it's going to be 10 inches, then end up only being 4 to 6.
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb	You can unscrew the light bulb. - Steve Martin, ""My Blue Heaven
What do you call a guy with two marijuanas	Double jointed.
What begins with P ends with E and has thousands of letters	The Post Office
What do you call it when you punch someone with an avocado	Guacamelee
What happens when you inject human DNA into a goat	You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
What did my wife say to me	I want a divorce
What's the difference between a redwood and a dead baby	A redwood won't fit in a wood chipper.
What did the plant say to the vegan	Leaf me alone.
What do you call a midget hanging around a crime scene	A little suspect
What do you get when you play a country song backwards	Your wife back, your dog back, your house back...
What do teachers drink at school	Facul-tea
What's Rihanna's favorite love song	I can't feel my face when i'm with you
What kind of car did Jesus drive	a manual.
What do you get when... ...you cross a religious skeptic, a dyslexic, and an insomniac	A person who lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
What does sex have in common with a savings account	You lose interest once you make a withdrawal
What did the glass of water say to his son who is obsessed with becoming ice	It's just a phase.
What has two legs and can't stand up	Half a cat
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife	45 pounds.
What do you call a singer who enjoys spicy food	Frank Sriracha
What's Jesus' Favourite gun	A nailgun
What's the difference between an accordion and an onion	No one cries when you cut up an accordion
What do you call an ant who lives with your great  uncle	Your great-ant !
What is the best part about taking a shower	Not being able to see yourself in the mirror afterward.
What's the one thing make a wish foundation can't give you	The cure
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of paws and the other has a pause at the end of clause
What's the first thing you know	Old Jed's a millionaire.
What is a hipster's favorite candy	Rolos.
What do you call a self proclaimed straight woman	A liar
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	(Gagging noise) My all time favorite joke.
what is american soup made from	laughing stock
What is a neckbeard's favorite type of wood	m'hogany
What do you call a Star wars fan in an attic	Annakin Frank
What did the Peruvian defense lawyer say to the Peruvian prosecutor	Peruve it!
What did Cindarella do when she got to the ball	Gagged
What do you call a Muslim woman with an opinion	A corpse.
What do you call a band that comes out with a new song 12 times a year	Monthford and Son
What is the difference between a lentil and a chick pea	Well, for starters I would never pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
What do you say about a pig who acquires a lot of cash	He's making bankon.
What do you call an Alligator in a vest	An Investigator
What did the Mexican say with one sleeve rolled up and one sleeve not	Not even, homes
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves	Russell
What is a orphans biggest dilemma when it comes to cooking	Making a homemade meal.
What do you call assistants that help citrus fruit	Lemonade.
What don't you ever wanna call a black person that begins with the letter n. And ends with the letter r	Neighbor
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	Telling your parents you're gay
What did they say when Jett passed out drunk at a party	Jett crashed.
What do you call the gap between a pair of fake boobs	Silicone Valley. edit: spelling
What do you call a banker who is also a skilled fisherman	A loanely master-baiter.
What's a neckbeard's favorite spread	Marm'lady
What do you call a corn cob on a track team	A maize runner. Credit goes to my girlfriend.
Whats brown and sticky	A stick
What would batman do if he wasn't rich	He would be robin.
What do Monica Lewinsky and the New York Giants have in common	They were both terrorized by Clinton Dix, Ha Ha.
What's the definition of 6.9	69 interrupted by a period.
What does Harry Potter call his penis	His Magic Johnson.
What did Tom hanks do in the woods	He took a forrest dump.
What's the difference between a pizza and a baby	A pizza doesn't scream when you break it in 8.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	a Lickalottapus
Q: What kind of snake is it good to have on a car	A: Windshield vipers.
What do you call 9 idiots who laugh at repetitive joke	9gag
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A-flat minor.
What kind of bee makes milk	A boobee!
What do they serve at birthday parties in heaven	Angel food cake of course!
what do you call a man who has a rabbit up his bum	Warren
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew	A hit Broadway show!
What do bostonians call dogs that protect heaven's gates	God dogs
What do you use to cover a herpetarium floor	Reptiles.
What do you need to do after burning your balls on the asphalt of a dead end street	You need to cul de sac.
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute	A rooster goes cockle-doodle-doo and and a prostitute goes any cock will do
Whats the difference between a Priest and Acne	Acne will wait until you're a teenager to come on your face
What's Whitney Houstons favourite kind of co-ordination	Haaand eeeeeeyeeee
What is Gordon Ramsay's least favourite subreddit	IT'S R/AWW!!
What did Adolf Hitler get his niece for her birthday	An easy bake oven. i don't give two shits if you heard this before or if this is a repost, this is mainly for shits and giggles =)
What's an educated hole in the wall	A wisecrack.
What do you call a shitty city	Turd Furgeson
What's Shia LaBeouf's favorite kind of choral arrangement	DUETS
What did the time traveller do after he ate the last bite of his dinner	He went back 4 seconds.
What type of bees produce milk	Boo-bees!
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	I don't know. He still hasn't opened his gifts.
What do a teenage boy and a dog have in common	They both want to bury their bone.
What did the Arab's father say when the teacher told him his son bombed the test	Thats great!
What do you call a girl who's preventing you from reaching your goal	A keeper
What happened to all the pokemon GO jokes	I guess people have made the ""switch"" to another fad.
What happens when you sprinkle feathers on molasses and sell it	Treacle down economics.
What do you call the hash marks on your headboard	Your tally skeet.
What do you call a Spanish baker	A con-quiche-ador
What happened when a deadly rattle snake bit a witch	He died in agony !
What state did the programmer start her road trip in	Maine
What do you call a Pirate who lost his anchor	can't anchor us"" /bow.. this is as clever as i get, people.. so sorry.
what's the difference between a black man and a box of donuts	One of them's already full of holes before the cops see them.
What do you call a stallion that's had its balls chopped off	A eunuch-orn
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Porsche	Porcupines have pricks on the outside
What do you call Sherlock Holmes with no shit	No shit sherlock
What type of fossil fuel likes to tell dick jokes	Crude Oil
What connects The Sixth Sense and Titanic	Icy dead people.
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a pedophile	alien vs predator
What do you call a slice of bread from another country	An immigraint.
What's black and white, and red all over. And cant fit through a revolving door	A nun with a javelin through her.
What do you call a Mexican drowning in a vat of cheese	Nacho problem.
What's the difference between President Obama and a bucket of shit	The shit's in a bucket ! *that redneck spit noise followed by a ting*
What do you call an expensive circumcision	A bloody rip-off
What's a pirate's favorite letter	The C.
What was the name of Tom Sawyer's fish	Huckleberry Fin!
What do you say when you see your television floating in the night	Drop it, nigga! What do you say when you see your refrigerator floating in the night? Nothing. That's a big-ass nigga.
What's special about twin fruit molesters	They always cum in pears.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a ferrari	The porcupine has pricks on the outside.
What would my hippie side be doing right now	I already know that
What do you call two homeless men hitting each other with cardboard	Pillow fight
[NSFW] What do you get when you fuck a dead person in the ass	Cold cumfart
What is recursion	[What is recursion?](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/211omr/what_is_recursion/)
What did one poop say to the other poop	You smell
What do you get if you cross a frog with a ferry	A hoppercraft !
What smells like pork	Kermits finger
Q: What's Irish and sits outside in the summertime	A: Paddy O'Furniture!
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog guy	Make me one with everything.
What does Colonel Mustard's Mexican maid call him	*(Phonetically-ish)* Mis'ser Dijon.
What do you call a french racist	A beget!
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a french kitchen	Linoleum Blownapart
What has 9 arms and sucks	Def leppard
What should you do when a bull charges you	Pay him
What does the US Government use to spy on a high school student	An essay.
What do you call a chilly office	A cubicicle
What's the difference in a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never had a Garbanzo bean on my face before.
What is DNA short for	National Dyslexics Association
What do you call it when a prayer is answered	A coincidence.
What is the only reason Donald Trump watched the Olympics	To see how high Mexican pole vaulters can jump
Whats a pirates favorite letter	It be the ""C""!
What instrument do piggys play in a band	Pigcussion!
What are the Muppet's views on the paranormal	It's a phenomena (do doo do doodoo)
What do you call a blind German	A nazi.
What's the difference between Jesus and a bunch of Mexicans	Jesus doesn't have a bunch of Mexicans tattooed all over himself.
Whats the best thing about dating a Cleveland Cavaliers fan	They never expect a ring
What did the dyslexic traveller say when he arrived at an unknown station	Whoops, wrong sub.
What did the spectator say when the magician transformed Dracula into 2	Miraculous. Edited: tough crowd
What did the disappointed paraplegic say	I will not stand for this.
What's a bodybuilder's favorite fight of the American Civil War	The Battle of Gaine's Mill
What does a math teacher say when they leave	calc-U-LATER
What Do You Call A Sleep Walking Nun	A Roamin' Catholic.
What's an ephebophile	A pedophile with a thesaurus.
What's the cutest part of a house	The awning. I know, I'm sorry.
Whats a fedora clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color	M'genta
Q: What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow	A: Spoiled Milk.
What is a pedophile's first guitar lesson	How to finger A minor
What kind of bagel can fly	A plain bagel.
What's Trump's favorite Olympic sport	Fencing!
What is the fastest cake in the world	scone. 's gone
whats the difference between boyscouts and jews	Boyscouts come back from camp.
What do you call a lamppost in Niger	Progress.
What's the difference between a hooker and jesus	The look on their face when you're nailing them.
What's big and round and full of seamen	Your mom
What room is missing from almost every house	a Mushroom
What do you call a gay bar with no bar stools	A Fruit Stand
What is a Muslim baby's first word	Revenge!
What is the collective noun for three dyslexics	A riot.
What do martial artist love to drink	WATAAA
What does star trek and toilet paper have in common	They both fly around Uranus looking for Klingons' s
What do you call a fat alien	An extra-cholesterol. ...I'm so sorry.
What do you call it when 2 homosexuals stare into eachother's eyes	A gaze.
What's the best joke you've ever come up with	Here's mine. &gt;What's Pee-wee Herman's favorite dinner? &gt;Stroganoff.
What do you call an army of toddlers	Infant-ry. *insert cringe here*
What do zombies with dyslexia eat	Brians.
What do you call a Mexican on a RIDING lawn mower	Promoted
What is the most common disease for lettuce	Icebergers.
What does Verizon wireless and abortion clinics have in common	They both have early termination fees
What is the best thing about 25 year olds	They generally have a college degree and are hard workers.
What do you call a mexican without a car	CAR-LOSE
What's a 6.9	Another great thing screwed up by a period.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic	About halfway there.
What did the female mushroom say about the male mushroom	He's a real fun guy [fungi].
What do you call the debut of a new beer	A saison premiere!
What do you do when you hear a woman got hit by a car	Wonder how the hell a car got into the kitchen
What do you call a half-white and half-Hispanic baby	A baby.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
What did 50 cent say to his grandma when he saw her knitting	Gee U Knit!
What's a pirate's favorite move in chess	Check, matey.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	Ya think it's the R, but it be the C!
What do you call a lock with low self-confidence	Insecure.
What is the hardest part to eat in a vegetable	The wheelchair.
What's a bulimic person's favorite movie	The Purge
What do Nagasaki and Tehran have in common	?? Nothing... yet.
What did the Bantha say when he ate the Wookie	Chewie (You have to be a Star Wars fan)
What do you call a group of gay cavemen	Homo erectus.
What did the boy tell the priest in the confessional	Nothing. It's rude to talk with your mouth full.
What do you call a spy that likes to spend time with his son	James Bonding bah dun tss
What's the difference between a prostitute and oreo	April Fools ya dumbitches!! There's no difference at all.
What is worse, ignorance or apathy	I don't know, and i don't care..
What did the rabbit say to the carrot	It's been nice gnawing you.
What does Tammy Wynette do to beat the heat	Stands by her fan.
What did one cancer cell say to the other cancer cell	Let's go get Jobs.
What do you call a poop that went to med school	Dookie Howser
What's the opposite of the word uncle-off-her	It's an aunt-*on*-him.
What do you call it when you thrust a hairy pole in and out of your mouth, and at the end you spit out a white liquid	Brushing your teeth!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he and his friends decided to dress up as famous composers for Halloween	I'll be Bach
What do you call a depressed dog eating honeydew	A meloncollie
What do you call a knight made out of clay	Sir Amick
What Job will Mr Miyagi take on when he retires from Martial Arts	Plastic Surgeon. Japanese accent ""Rax on, Rax off
What's a divorce attorney's favorite dessert	Wedding cake
What did the customer say to the barber after looking at a facial hair catalog	I moustache you a question about this style shown here, good sir.
What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops	Guardians of the Galaxy
What did the Italian chef say when asked, ""How do make these triangular meatballs taste so good	*stereotypical Italian accent* I sauce-a these
What happens when memes get lose	(   )
What do you call dirty white underwear	Stained glass.
What did the alcoholic say to the bartender	You know, I only beat my wife once in a Blue Moon.
What kind of typewriters do vampires like	Blood type-writers.
What's the difference a Whore and a Bitch	A Whore will fuck anybody, a Bitch will fuck anybody but me.
What do the Twin Towers and gender have in common	There used to be two, and now it's a really touchy subject. Edit: I am can't word goodly.
What do rehab and the days after Christmas have in common	Cold turkey
What do you call a turtle without a shell	Dead.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where is my tractor?
What happened to the Oklahoma Territories	I don't know but they're OK now.
What's in Pandora's box	A fine case of herpes.
What do you call a crashed Vertibird	( Fallout 4) An Invertibird.
What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and a colored wash	Whites occasionally get into a colored wash.
What does MC Hammer and antimatter have in common	Can't touch this!
What do you call the celebration that comes the day after Ramadan	Rama-done
What's the worst thing about eating a vegtable	Putting her back in the wheel chair...
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a jar of peanut butter	An elephant that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer	I actually give a shit if my computer crashes. ^RIP Paul Walker 2013. This is only a joke.
What does a man with a tiny penis have for breakfast	Well this morning I had a PopTart, 2 eggs and a glass of orange juice.
What's long and hard and full of seamen	The tube sock under my bed.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and My Computer	I actually care when my computer crashes
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn	Booooookake
What's slimy, green, and smells like bacon	Kermits finger.
What do fat girls and bricks have in common	They both get laid by Mexicans.
What did the psychiatrist say to the man wearing nothing but Saran wrap	Well, I can clearly see your nuts.
What is it called when you mix Alcohol and Literature	Tequila Mockingbird. (X-post /r/waterpuns)
What do you call the mushy red stuff between shark teeth	Slow swimmers
What did Superman get at the supermarket	A Super Bowl
What has two legs and bleeds	Half of your dog...I hit it with my car.
What do you call a guy who only posts clickbait	A master-baiter
What did one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing. Oceans can't talk
What do you call emotions of a DNA	Gene expressions
What makes an ideal present for a monster	Five pairs of gloves one for each hand.
Whats the difference between an irish wake and an irish wedding	?? One less drunk
What does the hippy say when you try to kick them off your couch	Namaste.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	A pickpocket snatches watches, a peeping tom watches snatches.
What makes eggs so athletic	They go ovary and above.
What's the difference between a pack of pygmies and a female cross-country team	One is a bunch of cunning runts and the other is...
What's a fat kids favorite musical instrument	The lunch bell!
What's Borat's favorite neighborhood	Van Nuys
What do builders use to make websites	Com.crete.
What do you call a Chinese man with a bad internet connection	Hi Ping
What's black and is on top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking after a housefire.
What do you call a gay Asian	Caucasian
What do you get when you put your hand in a blender	A hand shake.
What's the most fucked up joke you know that is not racist in any way	Lemme have it.
what's the worst thing about a pi eating contest	it never ends
What do you call a shop that sells aquatic vessels	A boat-ique. ...I'll get my coat.
What is a better name for cows	Lawn mooers! My 12 year old sister made this up... She out dad joked me..and I'm a dad!
What are the strongest days of the week	Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weekdays. I know, I know... even I'm ashamed of myself for posting this!
What did Dr. Frankenstein say when his monster spit	It's saliva! IT'S SALIIIVA!!!
What does a black man do after sex	15 to life
What's the difference between a rooster and a prostitute	Rooster goes CockaDOODLEDOOO!! Prostitute goes AnyCOCKLEDOOO!! (Such an old joke maybe some of these young redditors have never heard it ;)
What do you call it when you talk to God	Praying. Now what do you call it when God talks to you? Schizophrenia, it's called schizophrenia.
What is the most popular birthday based on Internet records	January 1st, 1993
What do Thomas Jefferson and a WNBA owner have in common	They both have 15 African-American women ready to go to work for them.
What do pirates do on Saturdays	They go to Y'arrgggghhh sales.
What does a suicidal person say while leaving a party	I want to hang by myself for a bit. Edit: Not suicidal. Just gallows humor.
What would you call a 100 year old can of baked beans	Has-beens.
What's a mimes favorite class at school	Speech and debate
What's green and hangs from trees	Elephant snot. Funniest part is seeing people's reaction when you tell it.
What do you call a person who fights fire	Firefighter.
Whats the similarity between Monkey in the Middle and Football	Both of the groups that are concered about the health of someone playing both begin with the letter P.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back	A stick
What did Matthew McConaughey say when he got a scholarship	Fulbright, fulbright, fulbright...
What do you put on big rusty boobs	Double D 40
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day... Anal sex makes your hole weak!
WHAT DO THE TEENAGERS CALL...... What do the teenagers call the Asian red light district	Vachina Town
What's hard and pink	A pig with a flick knife.
What do you call a sad suicidal bird	A Robin Williams.
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common	Their last big hit was The Wall...
What are the Rolling Stones better at than the Bee gees	Stayin' Alive
What type of writing makes the most money	Ransom notes.
What language do lesbians speak	Gaelic.
What do fat girls do in the summertime	Stink.
What are the scariest jokes in space	Knock-Knock Jokes
What do you call an Italian hooker	A pastatute
What happens when a Jew runs into a wall with a boner	His nose breaks.
What do you call a high definition piss	1080 Pee -- My roommate
What was the executioner's favorite shampoo	Head and shoulders.
What did the black mother name her 5 daughters	Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, and Tyrone. How did she tell them apart? She called them by their last names!
What do you call a man with a double decker bus on his head	The deceased !
What do straight horses eat	hay
Q: What did the fish say when it hit the wall	A: ""Dam.
What did the cat use to sharpen its claws	Me. Ow.
What do you call a skinny misogynist	Skinny or fat, I find that they prefer to think of themselves as ""egalitarian"".
What are crisp like milk and go 'eek eek eek' when you eat them	Mice Krispies !
What did the bishop say to the priest	It's my turn.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs on your doorstep	Mat
What do you call a rapping egg	Over-easy E
What type of milk is swiss cheese made of	Whole milk.
What do a gynocologist and a pizza boy have in common	They can smell it but they cant eat it!
What happens when you play a country song backwards	You get your girl back, you get your truck back, you may even get your dog back.
What's the difference between a girl's track team and a bunch of pigs	One's a group of cunning runts... Source: Imgur user YossarianMinderbinder
Whats the difference between being horny and hungry	The difference is where you put the cucumber.
What's the difference between a duck	One of its legs is both the same. Thought I would join the circlejerk.
What do you call it when you open a soda for a buddy who is in outer space	An astrofizzassist.
What do an elephant and a Porsche 911 have in common	They both have their trunks in the front.
What browser do you use to watch porn	Bill Gates: ""Internet Explorer"" Sundar Pichai: ""Google Chrome"" Tim Cook: ""Safari"" Jared Fogle: ""Tor
What did the Asian guy say when he was caught sleeping with another man's wife	Me love you wrong time.
What is the longest rope in the world	Europe
What do you call a bikini clad conspiracy theorist	An illumi-hotty!
What did the white collar executive say to the low-income disenfranchised youth	Nothing. Social dichotomy prevents the establishment of dialogue.
What's a feminist's least favorite food	Gender rolls
What kind of car does a viking drive	A fjord
What Austrian girls and wine have in common	Both mature in a cellar.
What's the use of happiness	It can't buy you money.
What do you call a man with no body and no nose	Nobody knows...
What was the Feminist's least favorite subject	Trigger-nometry.
What is yellow on the inside and green on the  outside	A banana dressed up as a cucumber !
What was Osama bin Laden's favorite drink	Jager bombs
What does Hitler do on a windy day	He flies a kike.
What happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time	Urine-nation!
What do you do when nothing goes right	Go left
Q: What is worse than finding a worm in your apple	A: Cancer.
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun	Lukewarm.
What do you call an Irish girl sitting on a hot griddle holding a piece of cheese	A paddy melt!!
What did the left butt cheek say to the right one	If we stick together, we can stop this shit.
What's the difference between a newspaper and a cocaine addict	One has headlines, and the other gives head for lines.
What do you call a homosexual Hispanic peeping tom	Peeko-da-guyo.
What is the best method of separating juice	by concentration.
What does a cannibal call a skateboarder	Meals on wheels.
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets	A woman.
What's the difference between the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Harriet Tubman	! Harriet Tubman was a heroine to the slaves, but the Red Hot Chili Peppers were slaves to heroin.
What do you get when you cross a mormon and a raptor	A Utahraptor
What do you call your mother's father when he's good to you	A Grand-father.
What is the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
What do Jedi say on May 4th	May the force be with you just like every other day because they have no concept of our Gregorian calendar.
What do you call 100 rabbits walking backwards	A receding hare line.
What do you call an imam that owns a goat and a camel	Bisexual.
What did the left tit say to the right tit	If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts!
What do you call a short mexican	A paragraph, because they're not a full essay!
What do you call all the different ways a sperm can fertilize an egg	the spermutations.
What did the sorority girl say when she couldn't eat another bite of pie	I literally pecan't right now.
What sounds does a vicar's gun make	Pew! Pew!
What is Dr. Seuss' favorite play	Green Eggs and Hamlet
What do you call a berry with a sore throat	A raspberry!
What do you call houses who have good behavior	Manors.
What grades did Fidel Castro get at school	Full Marx
What do you call... Nuts on a wall	- walnuts Nuts on a chest? - chestnuts Nuts on your chin? - a dick in your mouth!
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing. They were both stuck up cunts.
What do you call a German grocery store that carries everything but fish	Not Sea Food.
What is the greatest show of trust in a person	Letting a cannibal give you a blowjob.
What do you call Bees that make milk	Boobies I'm so sorry, it's late and my friend just told this joke to me.
What do you call the prince of england's donger	The buckingham phallus.
What does the penis say to the condom	Cover me I'm going in.
What do you call a vegetable that's only kinda cool	Radish
What type of cheese is made backwards	Edam
What do you call the drummer that just broke up with his girlfriend	Homeless.
What kind of suit does a lawyer like best	The Spanish Inquisition.
What do you call a musical sheep group	An Alcapelca... yeah that was bad.. sorry world..
What did the robot hit-man say to his robot victim	Nothing personal.
What do you call someone who only tells knock-knock jokes	A Jehovah's Witness.
What was Dr Frankenstein's second job	He was a body-builder
What do you call ""nigga milk""	Coffee.
What's the difference between a Brit and an American	The Brit got kicked out and the American did the kicking.
What is the flattest surface to iron your jeans on	...a white girl's ass! (I AM a white girl, BTW, so don't start with me about racism).
What's the most important part about telling a joke	Your PUN-unciation
What would martin luther king be if he was white	Alive.
What has a bottom on a top	A leg.
What do you award to someone who comments in a thread from a month ago	Reddit Old
What do North Koreans lack that South Koreans do not	North Koreans have no Seoul.
What kind of trees watch kids in Mexico	Baby cedar
What's a Catholic's favorite way to send money	PayPal
What are the three most important things to an orthopedic surgeon's business	Dislocation, dislocation, dislocation
What do you get when you combine a watch and a bottle of beer	A really good watch.
What is heavy forward but not backward	Ton
What do you call Dana Carvey standing on the back of Dana Carvey	Turtles all the way down
What is red and bad for your teeth	A Brick.
What did the Hispanic fireman name his two twin sons	Jose and Hose B
What do we want	Racing car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeeeooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
What's the difference between a Golden Chihuahua and a Golden Shower	You never have to pay before the dog'll pee on you.
What's got 2 legs and bleeds	Half a dog.
What is Sacha Baron Cohen's favorite ion	Borate.
What part of a football ground is never the same	The changing rooms !
What starts with F and ends with UCK	Firetruck. Sorry.
What do Popeye's fingers smell like	Olive oil.
What makes mexican and black jokes so similar	Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.
What do you call an epileptic in a garden	A seizure salad
What's the difference between a lima bean and a chickpea	I've never had a lima bean on my chest
Whats the difference between Elton John and a refrigerator	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What happens when you play a country song backwards	He finds his dog, his truck gets fixed, and his woman comes home.
What do you call a Tungsten Holmium compound with a Doctorate	Doctor WHo
Q: What happens if you cross a goldfish's brain with a dog	A: I don't know, but it's great at chasing submarines
What do you call it when a shepherd can't find his ram	Memory loss.
What's the derivative of Amazon	Amazon Prime
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	A canoe tips
What do you call an evil wizard who gives good hickeys	A neck romancer.
What do you call an elephant with a rabbit up it's sweater	Warren !
What do you call a matador who lost to the bull	A mat'o'gore.
Whats the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my cock up your mom's ass
What did the constipated maths teacher do when he got stuck	got a pencil and worked it out.
What is the difference between black, morbid and brutal humor	Black humor - 12 children in one trash can Morbid humor - 1 children in 12 trash cans Brutal humor - 12 trash cans in one children
Whats the difference between a priest and acne	One waits till you're 14 before coming on your face.
What's the hardest part of a cabbage to eat	The wheelchair.
What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period	I made you breakfast in bed!
What do white supremacists send their toddlers to before kindergarten	Pre-KKK
What's green and has 4 wheels	Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What do you call a fat Asian	moo-lan
What's on a gangster artist's t-shirt	Still Life.
What do you call a red-head ninja	A ginja.
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can both smell it, but they'll get fired if they eat it!
What molecule has the best sense of humor	A helium polymer. HeHeHeHeHe
What's a paedophile's favourite musical scale	A minor
What's the difference between a burlap sack and my nutsack	The babies in my nutsack are still living.
Whats the difference between toast and Frenchmen	You can make soldiers out of toast.
What do you call a missing psychic midget	A small medium at large.
What do Taylor Swift and Avada Kedavra have in common	They'll leave you breathless or with a nasty scar.
What does Donald Trump call the space between his balls and his butthole	The Bridge. It connects his courage to his ideas.
Q: What's another name for the ""Intel Inside""  sticker they put on Pentiums	A: The warning label.
What did the hookers left leg say to the right leg	Between you and me, we can make a lot of money.
What shakes at the bottom of the ocean	A nervous wreck.
What does a balding man and a tortoise have in common	Hare loss.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh. Eh, it works better if you tell it out loud, but you get the ... eye-dea.
What is Atheism	A non-prophet organization.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk	My zipper
What would you call a store that sold only mints and gum	Bad Breath and Beyond.
What do you call an Ewok who just ate pancakes	A sticky Wicket.
What ""D"" (dimension) should Marilyn Monroe's movies always be shown in	Blon-D
What's the best thing about being a meth addict	Only four more sleeps 'til Christmas!
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I can't peanut butter my fucking dick in your ass
What is David Bowie's favourite energy drink	Redbull Redbull
What do dads and grammar Nazis have in common	They're not there.
whats worse then ants in your pants	Uncles in your pants
What sex position makes an ugly baby	Go ask your mom
What do you call an arrogant criminal falling down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What is a pirate's favorite fast food joint	Aaaaarby
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See you next month!
What do you get when you cross a chief with a black belt	Kung Food!
What kind of weather puts a smile on snoop dogg' face	Drizzle.. my nizzle
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros	Elephino.
What's the difference between a nail and a painting	It only takes one nail to hang a painting.
What's the difference between Jewish people and Harry Potter	Harry can survive the Chamber.
What's the difference between me and a cardboard box	A cardboard box isn't always empty on the inside. :(
What would I be if I doubled myself	Meme
What do you call a bovine that won't leave Egypt	MOO-barak!
What do you get if you cross a zebra  with an ape man	Tarzan stripes forever.
What do romantic fish sing to each other	Salmon-chanted evening !
Whats the difference between vaginal and anal sex	The vaginal sex can make your day, but anal sex will definitely make your hole weak.
What did the Melon King say to the two young melons in love	They can't-elope.
What's the difference between a guitarist and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four
What did O say to Q	Dude, your dick's hanging out.
What comes after 69	mouthwash.
What do you call hiding in a Michael Bay movie	Kabamouflage
What do you call a man who sells clockwork toys	A Wind-up Merchant.
What do you call Venus Williams' collection of Pokemon	The 'mons of Venus.
What does Superman and a Blood gang member who lost his gun have in common	Neither one of them want to see a Kryptonite...
What Do the Joker and 60,000,000 people have in common	They just wanna watch the world burn
What's the big deal	Gay people could always get married. Just not to each other.
What noise annoys a noisy oyster	A noisy noise annoys a noisy oyster.
Q: What does a wicked chicken lay	A: Deviled eggs.
What did 50 Cent say when Dr. Dre gave him a sweater	Gee, you knit?
What do Chinese monks eat	qis.
Q: What do you call a blonde in an institution  of higher learning	A: A visitor.
What did the ghost say to the other ghost at the Halloween party	Let's get sheet-faced!
Whats wrong with four black people in a Cadillac driving off a cliff	The Cadillac seats five.
What are 8 Nougat-Bits	One Nougat-Byte
What do you call an Argentinian victim of grand theft auto	Carlos
What does a baker say before he orgasms	I'm going to crumb! (   )
What do ghosts dress up as for Halloween	As John Cena because you can't see them.
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An alligator in a vest.
What does Chick-fil-A and their CEO have in common	Both hate when people stick beef between two buns.
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a hooker with diarrhea	One has to shuck in between fits... the other has to fuck in between shits.
What did the homeless man get for Christmas	Very hungry.
What do you call breads ability to smell	... Naan sense!
What do you call a Nazi who is social and moves freely at a party	Josef Mengeling
What do you call a Marshmallow eaten by Aliens	A Mars-mallow
What do you call ham that feels better	Cured ham.
What is red and bad for your teeth	Bricks
What do cannibals like to drink in the morning	A cup of Joe.
What did the doctor say to the Mesothelioma patient	There's not much I can do, but I'll do asbestos I can!
What's a room full of saurkraut	Over-krauted.
What is a stone's favourite Robbie Williams song	*Rock* DJ.
What is the one riddle that everyone gives up	The riddle of life!
What does a guy with a big dick have for breakfast	I figured you wouldn't know
What did jesus say to the romans after he rose on the third day and talked about their behavior	Yall nailed it.
What do you call a lesbian Pakistani	Minge eater
Q: What's blue and smells like red paint	A: Blue paint.
What's the difference between you and Dick Clark	At least that dick had a stroke. Thank you Hard times of RJ Berger
Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus	A: Santa stops after three hos.
What is the difference between a blonde and a hen	The blonde doesn't sit still when she is on eggs.
What state was JFK when he was assassinated	A horrible state
What is Bruce Lee's favourite drink	Wataaaah!
What do you call a girl with a tight vagina from Hong Kong	A Chinese finger trap
What do you call a fish in orbit	Trouterspace.
What do you call ill-mannered burst of strong wind in the desert	Darude Sandstorm.
What did the Mexican firefighter call his two sons	Jose and Hose-B
What is small, bald and wrinkled	Danny DeVito
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig	The letter F
What's the best angle to approach any challenge	Try-Angle.
what's the most gangsta cell phone you can buy	a 4G phone because it's for G's.
What's the difference between the Holocaust and this joke	The Holocaust was funny.
What's the difference between marmalade and jam	You can't marmalade your cock up your girlfriends ass.
What's a slutty witch's favorite holiday	Swalloween!
What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man	CHING CHONG
What did the man say after he was hit by the car	Nothing. He was dead.
What is the difference between love and lust	Spiiting and swallowing.
What do you call it when Drake suicides	Jumpman, jumpman, jumpman, jumpman
What country do all cats wish to get their food from	Viet NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM
What confuses a gay person	Seven
What do you call a Hispanic guy's quest to get gender reassignment surgery	Manuel Trans Mission
What do you call it when a group of people in a single vehicle travel through a lengthy underpass	Carpool tunnel!
What's your dog's name	Icebreaker.
What do you call a counterfeit receipt for a memory consultant	A Freudilent slip.
What did the chef say when he was skipped in rotation	Hey that's my toque!!
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed	Oh sheet!
What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim	Barack Obama is not a Jew. We think.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear	White vans. *rimshot*
What's the difference between a normal woman and a witch	The spelling Teehee
What did the double-amputee say when he stood up	I stand corrected."" -From /r/showerthoughts
What do you call an anticlimactic punchline	This is an actual question
What's the first thing a 16 yr old, from Arkansas, says after sex	Get off me Pa you're crushing my Copenhagen!
What do you call a pothead that murders	Stonedface killer.
What do Japanses pirates do	Fry pranes.
What car transmission do Mexicans use	Manuel.
What do men and hardwood flooring have in common	Lay 'em right the first time and you can walk all over them the rest of your life!
What do you call a slut during the holidays	A Mistlehoe.
What is a jockey's motto	Put your money where your mount is!
What do you call an alligator in a vest	An investigator...
What would you call Geralt of rivia if he had a sex change	The switcher
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe	Roberto! You call him Roberto....
What do you call a horse that likes arts and crafts	A hobby horse.
What do you call a sad boner	Mourning Wood
What do you call a group of grandmothers making out with each other	A bunch of bi Nanas.
What do you call a classical composer's butthole after a night of bad Mexican food	Taco Bell's Cannon
What is Donald Trump's favourite ice cream	Walls Vanilla Carte D'or - It's not Mexican! (*I am going to hell for this!)
What did one triangle say to the other triangle about the square	Look out for that guy, he's got another side to him.
What did the digital clock say to it's Mother	Look Ma, no hands!
What do you call two nuts on the wall	Walnuts. What do you call two nuts on a chest? Chestnuts. What do you call two nuts on a chin? A good blowjob.
What's the difference between a school and an ISIS training camp	I don't know, i just fly the drone
What's Keemstar's pornstar name	Creamstar.
What doesn't belong: meat, eggs, wife, blowjob	Answer: blowjob You can beat your meat, eggs and wife but you cant beat a blowjob!
What happened to the witch with an upside down  nose	Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
What did the poor, unfortunate, paraplegic kid get for christmas	Cancer.
What is the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with a light on
What's the worst kind of tea	Emptea!
What do Iron man and Sarah Palin have in common	They both had a little Downey inside of them.
What brand of underwear do zombies wear	Haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss
What do you call a cow... What do you call a cow with three legs	*Tri-tip.* What do you call a cow with two legs? *Lean beef.* What do you call a cow with no legs? *Ground beef.*
What is long and hard on a Newfie	Grade 1.
What do you get when you mix an owl with a rooster	A cock who stays up all night.
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a pile of dead babies	I haven't got a Ferrari in my garage
What do you call a pony with a sore throat	A little hoarse!
What do you call a pony with a sore throat	A little hoarse.
What do you get if you cross a shark with a snowman	An empty playground
What Happened to the Man who Threw a Flaming Bag of Poo	He got turd degree burns.
What do you call one-tenth of a bell	A Decibell.
What's a Jewish dilemma	Free bacon. Let the downvotes rain down on me.
What do French people do when vacationing in Laos	They go swimming in Laotian
What do you call a Knight that cuts beef	Sir Loin.
What type of cheese can you see in a mirror	Halloumi! (Hello me)
What do you call an Italian Yeti	A Spaghyeti!
What's Helen Keller's favorite mouthwash	Jergen's lotion.
What do you call a dog magician	A labracadabrador! Woof
What did the Mexican carpeting salesman yell to promote his business	Underlay! Underlay!
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean	Nobody pays to have a garbanzo bean on their face.
Q: What do blondes do after they comb their hair	A: They pull up their pants.
What do you say to a feminist with no arms or legs	Nice tits, bitch!
What do you call a lesbian with long fingernails	Single
What do communists put in their soup	Soviet Onions.
What do you say to a feminist with no arms or legs	Nice tits, bitch.
What's the ugliest shape	An eyesoresceles triangle.
What kind of house does Chuck Norris live in	A roundhouse.
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey team	A hockey team takes a shower after three periods.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call him, he's not coming.
What do you call a mollusc that's just short of consciousness	A Conch.
What do you call a woman with one leg longer than the other	Ilene. What if she is Chinese? Irene.
What did the Redditor say when... What did Redditor say when asked why he failed his PSAT test	TL;DR
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear	Sneakers
What's the Cuban national anthem	Row, Row, Row Your Boat...
What's the difference between a pair of jeans and an Ethiopian	A pair of jeans only has one fly on it
What do you call two Mexican firefighters	Hose A and Hose B
What is Kathy Griffin's screen saver	Celebrity names dropping.
What did the dash say when he failed his exam	I underscored.
What do you call an attractive person in a wheel chair	Hot wheels.
What do you call a Russian sex offender who is trying to quit smoking	A vape-ist
What did the two oceans say to each-other	Nothing, they just waved.
What is the national bird of Afghanistan	The Boeing 757
What do Mexican Zombies eat	Re-fried brains.
What did the chill pigeon say	coo. coo.
What do you call a camel with 3 humps	Pregnant
What is the dumbest animal in the jungle	The polar bear!
What does Spiderman do when he's not fighting crime	Web Development.
What does a dyslectic, agnostic, insomniac think about at night	Is there really a dog. Dog lover joke.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	A bad golfer: *WHACK!* and shouts ""DAMN!"" A bad skydiver: shouts ""DAMN!"" *WHACK*
What do you call a Muslim who always makes mistakes	Errorist
What should you buy if your hair falls out	A good vacuum cleaner !
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped.
What made Gandalf spend most of his time in the Shire at brothels	Love of the Halflings' queef.
What do crocs and getting a blowjob from a man have in common	They both feel great until you look down and realise you are gay.
What is Jasmine Tridevil's (girl with 3 boobs), favorite type of cake	Tres Leches!
What do your internal organs call their dating life	Their homie-hoe-status
What did the American Chef say to the Asian Chef	Take a wok.
What do u call a Jew	Jewish
What do you do when a box kotex catches on fire	throw it on the ground and tampon it.
What do you call a chinese Jehovah's witness	Ding Dong
What did the miner say when he struck gold	Au, yeah!
What do you find in a church's bathroom	Holy shit.
What do you call people that you hate	Clouds, because once they are gone it's a beautiful day.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with the abominable snowman	A jumbo yeti.
What time should you book dental appointments for	2:30      (Tooth hurty!)
What do a three paragraph term paper and a 5'2"" Mexican have in common	They're both short essays.
What is Harper Lee's favorite drink	Tequila mockingbird.
What do you call someone who doesn't like The Simpsons	A Homerphobe! LOL! Just made that up!
What's the most flexible type of music group	An elastic band.
What do you call an Englishman in the World Cup final	The referee
What's the longest word in English	smiles. Because there's a mile between both S.
What did the gay deer say while walking out of a bar	I can't believe I blew fifty bucks back there!
What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises	It becomes Daytrogen
What did the drug test say to the addict	URINE TROUBLE!
What do you call nuts on a wall	Walnuts. What do you call nuts on a chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What was Amanda Todds favorite cocktail	Sex on the bleach.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Choked.
What do you call Zombie Japanese Chefs	the Woking Dead
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the children	Want to buy a piece of candy.
What is the difference between a Poodle and a Pitbull	If the Pitbull starts humping your leg he gets to finish.
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can't hear an enzyme
What's the difference between a paedophile and a roller coaster	You have to be a over 5ft to ride a roller coaster
What do you call kids born in whorehouses	brothel sprouts!
What was Hitler's preferred breast size	Not C's. And off to hell I go.
What do you call a mexican midget	A paragraph... Because he's not a full essay
What's the best part about sex with 28-year-olds	There are twenty of them. (   ) (v)
What do you call delicious Vietnamese food	Vietnoms
What did the alien say to the gas pump	Don't you know its rude to stick your finger in your ear when I'm  talking to you !
What do mad cow disease and PMS have in common	Angry heifers.
What's the difference between Reddit and Voat	Reddit doesn't constantly have reposts from the other site.
What kind of church music do they sing in Finland	FINNISH HYMN!
Whats Red and Smells Like Blue Paint	Red Paint
What's the coolest kind of surgery	Hip surgery.
What do you get if you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter	A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
What happens when women have their period	They get easily irritated and they ovary act
What do you get when you combine two Japanese demons	A two-eyed onion.
What joke has sebadoh for a punch line	A joke about what kind of dough does an italian use to make seb bread, with really good delivery.
Q: What's the difference between God and fighter pilots	A: God doesn't think he's a fighter pilot.
What mammal dies after it mates	Anyone that goes near my wife!
What's a hippie's favorite animal	An elk It has the E, the L, and the K. Would like to hear some more if you guys have any.
What's the difference between statutory rape and sex with a minor	Gender
What video game system do police officers play in their cars	Wii U, Wii U, Wii U...
What is horse sense	Stable thinking and the ability to say nay!
What do cows do when they're introduced	They give each other a milk shake!
What do you call a Hispanic midget	Paragraph. Because he's not even a full ese.
What is the difference between a priest and acne	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 12.
What do you call a country ruled by oppressive Vikings	Norse Korea
What do a tuna, a piano, and a pot of glue have in common	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
What is Superman when he removes his suit	Man.
What do you get hanging from apple trees	Sore Arms.
What do you call a 5' 2"" fortune teller that has escaped from prison	A small medium at large
What's the difference between a reindeer and a caribou	Caribou can't fly.
What is the slogan of the Mormon Church	We don't care how you bring 'em, just Brigham Young.
What does a Mexican get when he slides down a hill	Gracias
What happened to the baseball played who was unfaithful to his wife	He was thrown out at home. *alternate response* - His two balls got a strike.
What do you call Will Smith's crying daughter	A weeping Willow.
What is a pirate's favorite part of music theory	Arrrr-peggios!
What's the hardest part of being a gay black cop	The discrimination.
What would you call Martin Luther king Jr if he was white	Alive.
What is something you can use to find the pH of tree sap	A log!
What's the difference between choking sex and necrophilia	About 5 minutes
What's on the inside of a clean nose	Fingerprints.
What's long hard and shitty at the end	One of John Doe joke.
Q: What do you call a blonde sky diving team	A: A new version of the lawn dart's game.
What do you call two Chinese government massacres	Tienanmen squared
What sound does it make when you light a stick of dynamite in them middle of a sheep herd	ssssssssssss boom! baaaaaaaah!
what did the banana say to the vibrator	What are YOU shaking for?....................................... She's going to eat me!
What's the difference between Rick Grimes and Carl Grimes	Rick Grimes has two I's....
What do planets read	Comet books.
What dance did the Pilgrims do	The Plymouth Rock.
What is yellow and can't swim	A bus full of children.
What do prisoners used to talk to each other in jail	Cell Phones.
What do you call a woman with an opinion	? Wrong
What do Bees wear in the winter	*Yellow Jackets*
What's the difference between a conservative priest and a progressive priest	A progressive priest will give you a reach around.
What did the fighter pilot do when his plane was about to crash	He ejaculated from the cockpit.
Q: What did the alien say to the gardener	A: Take me to your weeder.
What's white on the outside and black on the inside	An American police officer.
What do you call a bunch of blondes standing ear to ear	A wind tunnel. :D
What killed the guy ordering at an Italian restaurant	He'd had trouble deciding to go with the appetizers or entrees, but eventually he went antipasto way.
What's the gummy stuff between sharks teeth	Slow swimmers.
What do you get when you cross a Drug cartel and a Mafia lord	Probably killed.
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What is a pirate's favorite kind of explosive	A M-80.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon master	Ash
What's the difference between God and Bono	? God doesn't walk around thinking he's Bono!!
What do you get when you cross a pig with a  canary	I don't know but when it sits on your electric wire and sings all your lights go out
What's the difference between between a piano, tuna, and glue	You can tuna piano, but you cant piano tuna!
What type of dog is always amazed	A Chi-WOW!-ua
What did the mushroom say on his dating profile	I'm a fungi!
What do you get when you cross an octopus and a Mexican	I don't know but it can pick the shit out of some lettuce.
What has two feet, two hands, two eyes, and two noses	Two pirates.
What do you do with epileptic lettuce	You make a seizure salad.
What do defensive linemen and porn stars have in common	At some point both of them have said to themselves ""This sack is going to make my career.
What did the SMG dad say to his son	Bizon Joke by: /u/swagmlgprofrags
What religion believes in the Big Bang	Islam.
What do you call a little polish boat	A Jetski.
What do you get when you cryogenically freeze a genetic copy of basketball legend Kareem Abdul Jabbar	An ice Kareem clone
What do you call an aardvark outside Buckingham Palace	A guardvark!
What do you call a PHD in religious studies	Gods doctor.
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to a crocodile	A crocodile!
What did God say after creating Africa	Last one out is a rotten egg!
What do you call a bad ass phone that doesn't work	Off the hook. (It's stupid but I did make it up)
What's baked every day and sells itself	My sister.
What do you call a relationship that never works out between guitarists	No strings attached
What do you call a discount sauna	A steam sale
What did Russians use for light before candles	Light bulbs
What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man	His wife is good at picking out clothes.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	People don't milk cows for twelve years
What do you call a turtle with a hard on	A tank!!!! PEW PEW PEW!!
What elephant and a canary and in common	They both can't ride bicycles.
What are a clumsy person's favorite flowers	Oopsie daisies.
What is Donald Trumps favorite album	The Wall
What does a Bactrian camel have in common with a very lazy prostitue	Humps on the back.
What is the official novel of Mexico	Tequila Mockingbird
What do you call the Irish guy who always brings flan to the potluck	Shaun O'flanagan
What's the best part of dating 29 year olds	There's 20 of them. (More funny out loud)
What's does Santa Clause and my wife have in common	They both come once every year.
What song does Freddy Krueger listen to when he gets a manicure	I got Kniiiiiives on it! [Original Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyDqoLimejg) that inspired the joke.
What's the difference between slavery and a cow	You stop milking a cow after 150 years.
Whats the difference between a North Korean missile and a K-Pop singer	The singer can have a hit
What are peas attracted to	Chickpeas
What do you call a cat in heat	Prr-miscuous
WHAT ARE THOSE	??? /u/doubledickdude - They're my cocks.
What do you call wanking in a plane	Hijacking
What's the difference between a lima bean and a chickpea	I've never had a lima bean on my face.
What's the difference between a goat and a ram	I can't goat my dick in your ass.
What's a pilots least favorite holiday	May Day!
What did the square say to the triangle	You're outta line!
What has a million and one legs but still can't walk	Jerry's kids.
What did Jesus say after he was resurrected	Nailed it
What's the ugliest tree in the world	Yew
What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him	Nothing. He just let out a little wine.
what does a gay horse eat	HAAAAAAAAAY!
What was the last thing Hitler said to his men, before they got into their tanks	Men, get into your tanks.
What's the first thing Michael Jackson did when he walked into a Chuck 'E' Cheese	Beat it.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly your dick down a whore's throat.
What is the hungriest mineral that exists	Apatite
What did King Arthur have for breakfast	Eggcalibur.
What's the main difference between light and hard	I can go to sleep with a light on
What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a Scotsman	The Rolling Stones say, ""Hey you, get off of my cloud!"" A Scotsman says, ""Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!
What's black and doesn't work	Decaf coffee you racist fuck.
What has six legs and goes ""Hodeedo, hodeedo	Three black guys about to miss the elevator
What do you call a mexican guy with a rubber toe	Roberto
What sound does a shotgun make	Kurt Kurt Cobain
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary	A Thesaurus.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic	About half way.
What do you call a cantaloupe who can't elope	A cantaloupe. The spelling is completely different...
What did the vampire say to the teacher	See ya next period.
What's small, round, and blue	A cranberry holding its breath.
What has 6 legs bits and talks in code	A morese-quito !
What do you call an orange elephant	Call it whatever. It is not like it is gonna have a problem with that.
What did Kim Jong Un say when his father died	Looks like his Korea is over.
What is the difference between a feminist studies major and a pizza	The pizza can feed a family of four.
What's the worst possible thing to hear while you're blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.""    David Sadaris
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What did the moderator say to the redditor	[Deleted]
What did the cork say to the bottle	If you don't behave yourself, I'll plug you.
What do you get when you cross reddit and a weekend	No new messages.
What happens if you try to sit on Death's couch	There will be grim reaper cushions
What is Justin Timberlake's favorite river in Russia	Crimea River
What's long and hard and makes women groan	An ironing board.
What's Pingu's favourite band	Slipnoot.
What kind of wood doesn't float	Natalie Wood
What type of sushi does Bob Seger like	That Old Thai Moroccan Roll.
What do you call an area where an Octopus is sitting	Octopied
What's worse than finding a dead baby in the garbage can	Finding a dead baby in the recycle bin.
What did the ship captain say when his son learned to float	That's my buoy !
What is the most common cause of feline blindness	Cataracts
Whats the difference between a dead dog on the side of the road and a dead lawyer on the side of the road	There are skidmarks before the dog.
What happened to the broken down frog	It got **toad** away!
What do necrophiliacs get at funerals	Mourning wood.
What is a pirates favorite letter	You'd think it be the arr but it's actually the sea
What is a communist's favorite fabric	Linen.
What did one keyboard say to the other keyboard	Sorry you're not my type.
What activity is easier as it gets harder	Pissing on the ceiling
What would you name someone who can predict when people sneeze	Nostrildamus
What is Worse than Ants in your pants	Uncles
What do you call 10 politicians at the bottom of the sea	A good start.
What do you call a door with no legs	A door.
What is the only type of alcohol muslims are allowed to drink	TAKBEER!
What did the survivor of cranial sodomy say to the police after the incident	At night when I close my eyes I can still hear them coming...
What does a redneck say after sex	Thanks, sis.
What do you call a bovine beauty pageant winner	A big Miss Steak.
What do you do when you get into a fight with a group of clowns	Go for the juggler. This is my favorite joke that I have read on here.
What gives wookies cancer	Chewbacco
What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath	A Shipmint!
What do you call a seagull that lives by the Bay	I don't know, but it won't shut up about the app it's developing.
What's the difference between an old joke and a new one	Nothing. We're on reddit
what's al qaeda's favorite football team	The New York Jets
What happens when a man of jewish descent runs into a wall with an erection	He breaks his nose.
What does the skeleton say when ganking bot lane	BETTER TO RUN THAN CURSE THE ROAD
What's the difference between a cry baby and Dallas Cowboys fans	Eventually the baby stops crying
What's the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with big tits	One is a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What's a peasant's favorite sport	Serfing.
What does bill Clinton say to Hilary after sex	Honey, I'll be home in twenty minutes
What do lawyers and sperm have in common	One in 3,000,000 has a chance of becoming human.
What does a pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye Matey!  (Edit: Say it out loud if you don't get it)
What's green and says ""hey I'm a frog""	A talking frog! Stolen from ""Friends"" still hilarious.
What do you call a Communist sniper	A Marxman.
What do you call a two-headed lesbian dinosaur	Eat-a-lotta-puss
What is Mozart doing now	He is de-composing
What killed Phil Hughes	Ebola.
Whats the difference between Yoghurt and the USA	Yoghurt has a culture.
What is a Cannibal	Someone who is fed up with people.
What do you call a book club that hasn't changed their book in a thousand years	Church
What's the difference between the Holocaust and the Boston Marathon Bombing	The Boston Marathon Bombing ended a race.
What do you call a woman with no ass	A friend
What happened when the shaggy dog swallowed a teaspoon	He wasn't able to stir.
What do you call it when you drop an apple on the ground	A fruit by the foot
What did the scientist say when he discovered the lowest possible temperature	OK
What kills thousands of smokers a year	Natural Causes
What do you call oral sex with a fresh corpse	A David Blowie.
What do you get if you cross Prince Phillip and The Queen	Killed in a car crash.
What do you call a black Asian bird	Croatian.
What's the difference between abortion and terrorism	Terrorism is funded by the US government!
What do you call communist memorabilia	Trotsky's.
What word starts with F and ends with UCK	Firetruck
What did the mama pig give her baby pig for its rash	***OINKMENT!*** &gt; (This exchange that I found on /r/tumblr makes this joke even funnier to me: &gt; http://i.imgur.com/EzT0Bkd.jpg)
What does a british man say when he's about to climax	I'm arriving
What do you get when you sleep with all 140 characters of twitter	A rashtag.
What are the two biggest differences between an alligator and a crocodile	The spelling and pronunciation.
What did the lunatic vacuum cleaner salesman say to his son before murdering him	Dyson.
What do you call a bear who's just got too much darn cartilage	A gristly bear.
What happens to the taxidermist after he eats	He gets stuffed.
What do you want for dinner	4: A bucket.. *Googles better school districts
What did the Mexican Fire Chief name his two sons	Jose and Hose B.
What do u call an ethopian with a slice of cheese on his head	A quarter pounder with cheese.
what's your pitch	so this guy steals from the rich..."" ok ""and gives to the poor"" nice. what's his name? ""Robin..."" haha I love it ""Hood"" wait
What do you call an insect with magical powers	A spelling bee.
What do you call a fat kid with 3 teeth and a lazy eye	Names.
What is the most uptight human instinct	Sex, there's hundreds of thousands of sex offenders.
What do you call a guy that never farts in public	A privet tutor
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I don't know, but their flag is a big plus.
What do you give an injured alligator	Gatorade
Whats the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker	? A hooker can clean her crack and sell it again.
What does the arabs put in their Mexican food	? Allah-penos
Whats the difference between Shaq and Koybe Bryant	One is a Holocaust denier, and the other one rapes women and gets away with it.
What do a feminist and a policeman have in common	Q: What do a feminist and a policeman have in common? A: They're both trigger-happy.
What do you call a Thu'um that makes a dragon orgasm	A Cu'um.
What does the dentist of the year get	A little plaque.
What's the difference between bullets and everyone	Everyone misses Harambe.
What did the Mexican firefighter name his sons	Jose and Hose B
What's the difference between organized crime and politics	One's organized.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Mega-Sore-Arse
What do colleges and penises have in common	They're both long and hard, unless you're Asian.
Whats worse than Bad command or File name	Windows update message asking you to restart your computer
What do you call a black and white spotted cow	A moo-latto!!
What will Putin be having for Thanksgiving dinner	Turkey.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only SOME of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What do you call a woodpecker with no beak	A headbanger !
What's the thin line between love and hate	A condom.
What do vegetable do when they got robbed	They dont.
What do whiteblood cells and Trump have in common	They hate foreigners.
What is the most painful cereal known to man kind	Banana Nut Crunch.
What do you call the largest number of grizzlies you can fit in a car	The bear maximum
What's the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman can go out at night without Robin.
What sickness do cowboys get from riding wild horses	Bronchitis (bronc-itis).
What did the Florida boy have on his feet	Crocs
What do you call a kid who falls into a gorilla enclosure	Zoolander
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary	A Thesaurus
What did the proctologist say to the guy with glued ass cheeks	You're in some sticky shit.
What did Napoleon say about the chopped up body	I wanna Bone a part
What do you call a cow who works for a gardener	A lawn moo-er.
What is the height of slime	A jellyfish having a wank in a bowl of snot.
What do you call it when two well endowed astrophysicists have a gay sword fight	A Large Hardon Collider.
What do you get hanging from Father  Christmas' roof	Tired arms!
What did Batman tell Robin before Robin got in the car	Hey Robin get in the car""!
What college did Michael Jackson go to	Bringham Young
What's the second fastest thing in the world	Your butthole closing up after a poop. What's the first fastest thing in the world? That one drop of toilet water.
What sound does a gay magician make when it disappears	Poof
What do you call a person who worships Doritos	A Chipmonk.
What is the difference between my girlfriend and a washing machine	After I dump my load in a washing machine it doesn't follow me around.
What does American beer and sex on a boat have in common	They're both fucking close to water
What do you call a forty something guy who masturbates all the time	Married
What do you do if somebody dies Christmas Eve	Wait 12 hours and have Christmas Mourning
What sport is played in Spanish churches	La Cross
What's better than roses on a piano	Tulips on my organ.
What's the difference between Hitler and Trump	Hitler knew when to kill himself.
What's another name for an irrational fear of clowns	Common sense.
What's the best part about getting a puppy	Getting new shoes every week.
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne waits till puberty to come all over a kid's face.
What happened to the girl who put too many deviating data into her box plot	In the end her spread was so large she had to present it without any whiskers.
What do you call a vampire in a raincoat	Mack-u-la !
What's the difference between my penis and a midget dressed as a mouse	Both are small and scare women away... :(
What does eating a chick out and being in the mob have in common	One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
What do Mexicans use to cut a pizza	Little Caesar's
What do you with 365 used rubbers	Turn it into a tire and call it a goodyear.
What's the difference between a meth lab and a Ferrari	There isn't a Ferrari in my garage
What do you call a gay guy in a wheelchair	Rolaids
What's long hard and has semen in it	A submarine!
What food are you able to can	Cannibal (can able) food.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a dollar fifty but deer nuts are under a buck.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the Batmobile!
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Likalotopus
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the Batmobile.
What do gamers who switch consoles and mathematicians have in common	They both have problems finding x.
What was the proudest moment of Bill Clinton's life	When he was given Head Of State
What did the flight attendant say to the vulture who dragged two dead raccoons onto the flight	I'm sorry sir, but you're only allowed one carrion
What did the blondes mom say to her before leaving for a night out	If you're not in bed by one come home.
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number	11 Because it has another 1
What do you call an apathetic Russian	A So-be-it.
What's the difference between Super Man and Spider Man	Super Man wears his underwear over his pants..
What do you call a japanese homeless guy	Tokyo Drifter
What is the difference between a hyper-active gamer and someone with a predilection of violence towards sheep	One's a button masher, and the other is a mutton basher.
What do you call a shaggy terrorist	Mr. Boombastic
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A very soar arse
What did Rouge say just before murdering Crimison	Hue hue hue
What do you call a person who drinks way too much soda	A Coke-o-nut.
What do you get when you have an ant with 8 legs	An uncle that has to build a bigger shoe closet...
What do you call a Russian bovine covered in lichen	A Moss-cow
What's the difference between pink and purple	Grip.
What's a Californians favorite type of comedy	Dry humor
What do you call an angry psychiatrist	Therapissed.
What bird can write underwater	A ball-point Penguin!
What does the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip!
What is green and smells like pork	Kermit the Frog's finger.
What do you call an entrance to a brothel	Hodor.
What musical instrument should you never, ever trust	The Lyre.
What did one triangle say to the other triangle	Hey, we should get together and square dance!
What kind of ship never sinks	A dictatorship. *sobs*
What is the similarity of pizza and your parents	If they are black you will not eat tonight! (Sorry if this racist joke caused any offence)
What do you call a boy-band composed of stoners	No Direction.
What's the most famous coffee in Afghanistan	Osama bin Latte
What do you call a gay chicken	A cock a dude'll do!
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane	A PILOT, YOU RACIST!
What do you call an Arab with a jet	A Navy pilot, asshole.
What do you call someone who sticks his right hand in shark's mouths	Lefty!
What's better than having a 'Brexit' vote about Britain leaving the EU	Not being British.
What do you get when astronomers play tic-tac-toe	Exoplanets Thought that one up myself.
What's better than winning a gold medal at the special olympics	Not being retarded.
Whats the difference between a shower and a toilet	Showers take in lost of dirty people, but don't take shit from no one.
What do you call a crocodile when it robs drinks	Gator-raid. &lt;3 edit: Learned the difference between a crocodile and alligator.
What's the only thing in the world that's bigger than a Samoan man	His wife.
What do you call a French pole vaulter	A Leap Frog
What do you call a burger made from 50% beef and 50% veal	Half Calf
Whats the difference between a lesbian and a wheat-thin	Ones a snack cracker, the other is a crack snacker.
What do toys and boobs have in common	They're both made for kids, but dad ends up playing with them.
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the South	Nothing, someone's losing the trailer. -Robin Williams
What is a police called on her period	red bull
What does the horny toad say	Rubbit
What does a tight pair of pants and a cheap motel have in common	No ballroom.
What do you call the student with the best overall average in a graduating class at an all girl's school	vulvavictorian
What does a healthy dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common	A wet nose!
Whats the difference between a cockpit and a condom	you can only get one prick into a condom -Fight Club
What do you call a story about beastiality	Fifty Shades of Neigh
What did the man say when he got his dancing robot to work	It twerks!"" I don't know how this came to me..
What has 2 legs and bleeds......	....half a dog.
What's the difference between harry potter and jews	Harry escaped the chambers.
What does picking your nose and masturbating have in common	It feels fuckin awesome but when you get caught its awkward as hell.
What illness causes breasts to grow all over your body	Heap-a-tities.
What's the difference between procrastination and laziness	RemindMe! 2 days to edit this post
What do you call a cow...	What do you call a cow that's missing a leg? Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef. What do you call a cow that's masturbating? Beef Strokin-Off
What is today's best punch line	Paul christoforo
What do you call a Mexican guy who's car always goes missing	Carlos.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing... It just waved.
What do you call a disaster that only affected shopping malls	A catashopic.
What did the pedophile write on his Tinder profile	Netflix and Chilldren
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common	They are fun to ride until your friends find out.
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter	PUMPKIN PI
What does the number 3 have in common with a Tumbler user	They both can't even.
What's Mark Zuckerberg's favorite sex move	The facial. He wrote the book on it.
What is dill bread made from	Dill dough.
What did Tennessee	The same thing Arkansas!
Q: What did the German watch repairer say to his watch that would only go tick, tick, tick	A: ""Ve have vays of making you tock!
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl	You've gotta drop the bomb twice before she gets the message
What is the difference between a woman and a forklift	There is none. In both cases, if you don't have one, you unload by hand.
What did the Muslim train conductor say to the passengers as they were getting on	Allah-board
What does a blonde playing the drums sound like	Dumb chick dumb chick dumb chick...
What does an angry pepper do	It gets jalepeno face.
What do you do when you come across Santa on New Years Eve	You wipe it off and apologize.
What's better than winning a silver medal at the Paralympics	Being able to walk.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a stick	I don't have a stick up my ass!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet	Supplies!
What's Chris Browns favorite sport	Sockher!
What kind of gas supports violence	pro-pain
What do you call a cowboy with a case of bad gas	Darn tootin'! (this is so dumb im sorry)
What do you call it when you wake up with a boner and wait till you go limp to urinate	Atro-Pee
What do Rick Astley and a loyal partner in crime have in common	Both of them would get raped in prison.
What did Santa Claus say to his wife after he watched the weather report	It's going to rain dear. ^Yeah ^I'm ^sorry ^its ^late ^guys.
What is it called when Benedict Cumberbatch is constipated	No shit Sherlock.
What happened to the pimp who ate too much Italian food	He got Pasta-toots.
What do Filipinos call Canada	Upper U.S.
What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians	100 people who don't do dick.
What do you call two pears	A pair.
Whats E.T.'s first name	Yodela
What's the most useful type of hat	A handy-cap
What's the difference between oooh and ahh	3 inches
What is the Catholic Church giving up for Lent	Answer: The Pope!
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes
What do Pizzas and parents have in common	.. if they are black, you have nothing to eat!
What did the mayonnaise say to the refridgerator	Close the door, I'm dressing!
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast	Surreal
Q:What's the fastest way to end an Iraqi bingo game	A:Call B52
What do Big Ben and the House of Commons have in common	Both have a huge bellend swinging his weight around inside
What did the O say to the Q	Dude, your dick's hanging out.
What are children generally better at then adults	Giving the pope an errection
Whats a dentists favorite time of day	The time of day he get into his BMW to go home from the dentists office after touching mouths all day
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the Feds	A small medium at large.
What do you call a def, Mexican Superman	No hero
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married	Feyonce
What's the affirmative response to a Jamaican mother	Yeah mom!
what did cinderella say when she got to the ball	ggggkkk"" huh...kinda hard to tell this joke in text.
what do you call somebody who posts on /r/Jokes	a humorist
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Marque
What do you get when you drop a baby into a wood chipper	Well an erection of course.
What is the name of Tyler perry's son	Tyler Perry's son.
What do you call it when you torture corn to death	Macabre!
What tends to satisfy thirst the most	Waterboarding.
What do you call it when strippers hold a fundraiser for the tattooing arts	Tits for Tats
What do you call a suicidal cow	Cowmikaze.
What's a whales favorite musical group	An orcastra
What was Hitler's favorite sandwich	The Auschwich.
What do you call 5 white guys sitting on a bench	The NBA
What did Hitler call his recliner	Mein Kampf-y Chair.
What is Captain Picard's favorite Chinese takeout	Make it Tso!
What dog is a cousin to the Dalmatian	A spot-weiler!
What's the difference between an alcoholic and a necrophiliac	One goes to the bar for a cold one. The other goes to a morgue.
What's a good source of Vietnamese renewable energy	A Nguyen mill.
What separates animals from humans	The Mediterranean.
What do you call a fat Mexican	A spic with span.
What do you call a man who can smell the future	Nostrildamus
What do you call a white girl who can run faster than her brothers	A redneck virgin.
What did one ocean say to the other	I'm not completely shore, but it must have been pretty deep.
Whats the difference between Outlaws and Mother-in-laws	Outlaws are wanted.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot!
What do you get when you cross a paraplegic and a Pentecostal	Faith-masturbation.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot.
What's the difference between a pedophile and a cinephile	I won't tell you which one I am, but I like to bring my own candy and just watch.
What do you get if you cross an owl with a donkey	A Wise Ass.
What is the most sensitive part of a man's body while he is masturbating	His ears.
What gets harder the longer it stays in your mouth	Bubblegum
What did the 2 oceans say to each other	Nothing. They just waved.
What's the most musical part of a fish	Its scales.
What did the management consultant think of his job	It was the Bain of his existence.
What does 90-year-old pussy taste like	Depends.
What do you get in the Netherlands, when you fail your driving test three times	A yellow license plate.
What's Hitler's least favorite Beatles song	Hey Jude
What if the Bible had a major typo and the Devil was really after our SOIL	Maybe he just wants to grow some pot plants.
What do you call the fisherman that's always handling the pole while fishing	The Master Baiter.
What's the difference between ooooooh and aaaaaaaah	About 3 inches
What's the difference between my neighbor and a necrophiliac	My neighbor fucked my wife yesterday, but the necrophiliac had to wait until today.
What Chinese name means 'wolf'	Hau Ling.
What is a Coronation Street resident's least favourite football team	Tramnear Rovers
What did the pig do when a beetle landed in his feed trough	He ate it quickly before the others could ask him to share.
What's the speed limit of sex	68; at 69 you have to turn around.
What do you give Sean Connery when hes eating nachos in a bathtub	Shower Cream
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke	I can't take a joke.
What do you call a Mormon who switches religion	A mormoff!
What do you say when a singer/songwriter poops on your car	CELINE WUT R U DION
What's the hardest part of washing a vegetable	putting them back in the wheelchair
What song title defines a redditor's love life	Left Hand Free"" By alt-J
What do you call a generalization made by a farmer	An overall statement.
What do a communist and communism itself have in common	Neither one works.
What happens if a politician takes a Viagra	He gets taller
What was the slogan for Shakespeare's camping shop	Now is the winter of our discount tents
What do you get when you play a country song backwards	Your house back, your truck back, your girl back, and your dog back.
What do you call a person who whores themselves out for spaghetti	A Pastatute
What do you get when someone refuses to pay the bills	A Greek.
What do you call the ghost of a detective	An inspectre.
What noise does a cat make when it drives past really fast	Meeeeeeeoooooowwwww
What did the salmon say to his shy Japanese girlfriend	Don't be koi.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	The canoe tips.
What do ducks smoke	Qwack
What do you get when a vampire eats a dachshund	Hollow-ween
What would people call an old John Cena	John Senile
What do Australian emos use to cut their wrists	Rise up lights
What do Jimmy Saville's victims and Aston Villa fans have in common	They're still talking about what happened in 1982.
What Social Media site do the undead use	Tomblr.
What's difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I've never paid to have a lentil in my mouth.
What sound does a cow make	Sssssssss....
What's Gordon Ramsey's favorite movie	ITS FUCKING [removed]
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Paralympics	Walking
What do you call a horse that is on fire	Neighpalm
What do you call a cookie without legs	A cookie
What's a pedophile's favorite musical scale	D minor!
What did one ghost say to another ghost	Do you believe in people?
What's the difference between a prostitute and a lawyer	A prostitute will stop screwing you after you're dead.
What does a curry and a bad uncle have in common	They both hurt your arsehole
What do you call a cow with a twitch	Beef jerky
What vocation can transform anything into a gate	A reporter.
What did Elmo take before he left the tickle factory	Two test tickles
What's the difference between carbon monoxide and spouses	Carbon monoxide is a silent killer.
What does a dog have in common with a near-sighted gynecologist	They both have wet noses.
What kind of parasites do gangstas get	Thug Lice.
What did the shooting range instructor say to the guy in a wheelchair	Parachute
Whats the opposite of under	Der.
What do you call Batman when he leaves Church early	Christian Bale
What's a pirates favorite letter	Ye think it be the R but it really be the C!
What do you call a crazy bug on the moon	A luna-tick.
What comes between Fear and Sex	Funf
What do you call	? What do you call a French terror attack in America? Opening day for Batman
What do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eye patch	Names.
What does the janitor say when he jumps out of the closet	supplies!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a brown woman with a yeast infection	Beef Wellington
What is a chronic masturbator's favorite meal	Strokin-off
What does prison have in common with biology	Cell culture.
What does one strawberry say to the other	Well, if you hadn't been so fresh last night, we wouldn't have ended up in this jam!
What time is it	**BOOM!**
What did the suicide bomber instructor say to his class	Now pay attention class, I'm only going to do this once.
What oil does Trump use in his cooking	Rapeseed oil
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs who's trying to get home	A taxi
What world athletic sporting event is held every four years	The Olympigs!
What happened to the Asian guy who walked into a wall with a boner	He broke his nose.
What happened when the car took LSD	It went on a road trip and had an auto body experience!
What did the judge order in his whiskey	Just ice
What should we call this giant advertising board	Phil: A philboard Bill: I have a better idea
What do you get when you cross my brain with a cat	A cat.
What do Nicki Minaj and Santa have in common	Hoe, hoe, hoe.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hand	A man's undivided attention!
What did Moses say when Isaiah told him the levy had burst	God Dam It!
What do you call a chinese poker face	A mahjong face
What do you call a crow who repairs time pieces	A bird watcher.
what did the psychiatrist say to the man wearing nothing but saran wrap	I can clearly see you're nuts!
What do you call a fishermans newborn	Fresh bait
What do you get if you cross a sports  reporter with a vegetable	A common tater !
What did the collard green do when his favorite song came on the radio	He got turnip
What did the pop can become when it finished high school	A graduated cylinder.
What do tornadoes and redneck divorces have in common	... Either way, someone is going to end up losing a trailer.
What has 7 arms and sucks	Def Leppard
What happens when a soviet and a german have a child	I don't know but he can conquer poland really fast.
What would have happened if Alexander Fleming met Euler	They would have discovered Penicil(e^(x))
What do you call a cow that just gave birth	DECALFINATED
What's the cheapest meat you can buy	Deer Balls...they're under a buck
What's black and blue and about to hurt someone	Batman thinking about his dead parents.
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	A gun has only one trigger.
What's the difference between a dwarven packrat and a venereal disease	One is a runt with a cache.
What do you call a midget psychic running from the law	A small medium at large.
What are the odds of an anorexic girl joining the clergy	Slim to nun.
What do you call a war between two cannibal tribes	A food fight.
Whats the difference between OP and a magical ram	One is a Fey Goat, while the other is a [karma whore](/spoiler).
What do you call a sad coffee	Depresso
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino.....
What do you call a square that's been beat up	A rekt-tangle
What does a German soccer player call his cleats	Das Boots
What is the hardest thing to do after starting a family	Ending them.
What do you call an aardvark that's just lost a fight	A vark!
Whats the difference between a mosquito and a hooker	When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back four seconds.
What is the cheapest date ever	Drive in reverse trough the mcdrive, so the checkout is on her side.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back four seconds!
What kind of shoes do ninjas use	Sneakers.
What does having sex in a boat and light beer have in common	They're both fucking close to water
What did the little boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do you call a cow with three legs	Tri-tip.
What do you call a cholo with one leg shorter than the other	A Crip
What is the difference between a thief and a pervert	A thief snatches watches.
What's the most common career choice among spiders	Web development
What is a neckbeard's favorite denomination of time	M'llenium
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber	Nothing. You can't cross a vector and a scalar.
What do you call a dinosaur made of plastic bricks	A legosaurus! Randomly made up this the other night, thought I'd share.
What's the difference between a good joke and click bait	This is click bait.
What did Waldo say at the Superbowl	I'm just here so I won't get find.
What do you call a porn site for celeb lookalikes	Doppelbangers
What do you call an epileptic Jew during the Holocaust	Shake and Bake!
What do Jews throw when they riot	Mozeltov Cocktails
What happened when porky pig fell asleep at his construction job	The foreman fired him, saying, 'We can't have bored boars boring boards.'
What was the black guys reaction to the 3/5ths compromise	I can't even
Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common	A: They're both empty from the neck up.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre!
What should you know before you teach your dog a new trick	You should know more than your dog.
What do sailors eat for breakfast	Naval oranges
What do you call a worried bounty hunter	Boba Fret
What do you call a serial killer who can kill with both hands	Ambi*Dexter*ous
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A Megasoreass.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	A Canoe tips.
What do you call a boat with a hole	A sink.
What's the best way to milk a sheep	Ask Apple.
What do you call a muslim who graduated	Allah-mni!
What is heavier -- 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers	200 pounds of feathers. Because you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds.
What is the Difference Between a Pretentious Asshole, and a Brilliant Artist	About 6 feet.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross country.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport	Cross country!
What did Jesus say at the last supper	You guys wanna take a picture? Ok come over to this side of the table.
Whats the difference between congress and parliament	Ones filled with a bunch of baboons and the other just doesn't give a hoot during the day.
What is 13 inches long, has a purple head and makes a woman scream all night long	Crib death.
What's the hardest part about wearing crocs in college	Swimming through the ocean of pussy to get to class
What did the Exponential Equation say to the Linear Equation	Real graphs have curves.
What did the lumberjack say when his colleague went home sick	Hope you fell better tomorrow.
What do you call a Black Man on the Moon	An Astronaut.
What's the slogan for Orion's Pizza	OP delivers. Not a great joke, but my wife claims no one will get it. I am trying to prove her wrong.
What do the members of Blackstreet like on their sandwiches	Mayo mayo mayo mayooooooooooooooooo
What do you call 2 ducks who walk like, act like, and believe they are geese	A paradux
What do you call a very rude bird	A mockingbird !
What's the stupidest animal in the Jungle	A Polar Bear
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus	Jesus didn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over *his* body
What do you call a group of Geometry classes	A geomeforest.
What game do you play with a wombat	Wom.
What happens when you get a lot of electroshocks within a short period of time	It hertz.
What rock band constantly ends up featured in fold-out pictures in the middle of magazines	Avenged Centerfold
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he saw a dolphin caught in a net	It's not a too-nah!
What's Finn's favorite grocery store	TR-8R Poe's.
What's the difference between Mighty No. 9 and a gay guy	The gay guy eventually comes out
What has 2000 eyes and 4000 feet	A thousand dogs.
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common	Both fun to ride just don't let your friends see you doing it.
What characteristics do chemists look for in people when dating	Asses and faces
What feels good in the west but feels cotton in the East	Happi-ness
What do you call a psychic midget wanted by the police	A small medium at large.
What do you call 100,000 Frenchmen with their hands up	The Army.
What do public toilets and homeless shelters have in common	They're both full of bums
What do you call a person with a nose but no body	Nobody knows
What blood type do Canadians have	Type ""eh
What do you call a magic owl	Hoodini
What do you call a Mexican Buddhist	Om-bre
What is the smartest fruit	It's the orange, BOY CAN IT CONCENTRATE!
What do vampire footballers have at half-time	Blood oranges.
What do you call a horse that lives next to you	A Neigh-bor. Sorry for my horrible dad joke.
What do you call a dog with a great sense of humor	A Chihuahahaha.
What do you call a really pompous person with high blood pressure	Hyperpretentious
what do anal sex and vegetables have in common	you enjoy both more as an adult if they arent forced on you as a child.
What's the difference between the 9/11 attack and a dairy cow	You stop milking the cow after ten years.
What is the best part of having Alzheimer's	You`re always meeting new people.
What do you call a punch-drunk Japanese person whose father has diarrhea	A slap-happy Jappy with a crap-happy pappy! I'll show myself out...
What goes *clip-clop-clip-clop-BANG-clip-clop-clip-clop*	An Amish drive by shooting.
What happens when you hit a Jewish guy	Hebrewses
What's the most common Jewish name	17038
what type of cancer do mimes get	Gesticular
What do you call a cow that's masturbating	Beef Stroganoff
What's a dog favourite hobby	Collecting fleas !
What don't elephants forget when they go swimming	Their trunks.
What does Monica Lewinsky and a soda machine have in common	They both say ""insert Bill here
What do you do when a black person gets killed by a cop	Let Mayweather lead all the protests, That way we know it will be peaceful and someone will get a hug every minute.
What is the brown sticky stuff between an elephant's toes	Slow natives.
What do you call a quadriplegic in the ocean	Bob...
What noise did the dumbbells make when they were dropped	... Dong-Ding.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews	The way they traveled through the chimney.
What's black and eats pussy	Cervical cancer.
What did the pony say to the doctor when he had a sore throat	I'm a little hoarse.
[Warning: Dad joke] What is a dog's favorite Christmas song	Fleas Navidad
What comes at the end of every Ray Rice joke	the punchline
What do you call a Russian surgeon who carries out circumcisions	Katia Dickov
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An investigator.
What do you call a soldier who survives Mustard gas and pepper spray	A seasoned veteran.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito	A mosquito will stop sucking when you smack it. *Heard this from my hubby last night.
What's a pirate's favourite letter	You may think it's arr, but they are truly in love with the sea!
What do you call a pizza with just peppers on it	A pepperonly pizza!
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 meters long	A thon
What's the difference between Jelly and Jam	I can't jelly my cock down your throat
What is the name of Mark Zuckerbergs mother	Motherzucker
What did Nirvana say when they drove past a burning school bus	Smells Like Teen Spirits
What do you call a pothead that breaks up with his girlfriend	Homeless
What do you get when hou bring a Greek and a Swede together	Moose-saka
What do you call a smiling black man	Snigger.
What's white, lumpy, and extremely dangerous	Shark infested mashed potatoes.
What if the Government invented cheese to distract us from reality	*gets arrested*
What should a football team do if the pitch is  flooded	Bring on their subs !
What has two wings and a halo	A Chinese phone call.
What's Dean Martin's favorite eel	That's a moray.
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat	Banned from the zoo.
What did the wall ask the picture	(All together now!) ***""How's it hangin'?""*** ~Skip
What did the llama say when asked to a picnic	Alpaca lunch!
What do you call someone that delivers baby horses	An Equinecologist.
What do you call two crows on a branch	Attempted murder.
What kind of seagull flies over a bay	A Bay-gull
What is the difference between paint and a midgets' underpants	When you sniff paint, you get high
What do big banks and Hillary Clinton have in common	They aren't too big to fail
What does a 9 volt battery and a girls ass have in common	You know you shouldn't, but you're gonna lick it eventually.
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common	They're both fucking close to water
What do men and women have in common	They both distrust men.
What do you call a dog that can do magic	A labracadabrador.
What does a blood learn in kindergarten	His abb's
What do you get when you cross France and Britain	Canada.
What do you call Santa's wife	Mrs Claus. I'll see myself out.
What's the difference between a cult and a religion	About a couple thousand years.
What did they say about the computer at the Bunny Ranch	It may contain viruses.
Q: What do a Wendy's Hamburger and the Waco compound have in common	A: They were both cooked by a guy named ""Dave"".
Whats the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub	One of them has hope in her soul.
What rating did Moody's give to the sheep	BAAA
What do you call a cross between a human and a monkey	A nigger.
What is the brown stuff between an elephants toes	Slow Natives
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison	A small medium at large
What do you call a Cow on the moon	A Moo - nwalker
What do you call a social media platform designed for religious people who also have speech impediments	Faithbook
What do you call a dinosaur that rapes	A sexual predator.
what cant you spell slaughter without	Laughter
What is the worst part of being black and jewish	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What did the thirsty Spanish pirate say	I need some arrrrrrrrrrrgua!
What's worse than getting 7 years of bad luck from breaking a mirror	Getting a lifetime of bad luck from breaking a condom.
What do you call a drug dealers phone book	-An addictionary.
What do you call someone who cleans vacuums	A vacuum cleaner.
What's the difference between an Ethiopian elevator sign and an British elevator sign	British sign says "" Maximum 6 People/500kg"" Ethiopian sign says ""Maximum 500 People/6kg
What does Batman do with all his spare money	He makes it wayne
What's worse than locking your keys in your car at the abortion clinic	When you have to go back in and ask for a coat hanger.
What kind of pants does Mario wear	Denim denim denim (Say it to the tune of the Mario pipe noise)
What do you get when you have a nosey pepper	It gets jalapeno business.
What did the priest say to the child at the playgrounds	Its a slippery slope.
Q: What do you call it when a book spies on people	A: A peeping tome.
What do you call a pile of cats	A meowtain
What do you do when a bird shits on your windshield	Don't take her on a second date.
What's the difference between an Afghani Military Base and a Pakistani Elementary School	I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What's the difference between a Pilot and a jet engine	A jet engine stops whining after it lands
What bounces and makes kids cry	The cheque I just sent to Save the Children.
What would you call a Chinese based arm of Isis	Ricesis
What's the difference between a normal ambulance and a skydiving ambulance	Well, a normal ambulance is usually a van with a stretcher in the back. A skydiving ambulance? A bucket and a shovel.
What do Leonardo DiCaprio &amp; anyone who buys a Powerball ticket have in common	Their odds of winning are the same
Q: What happened when the teacher fell in the copier	A: She was beside herself.
What do you call a Chinese Podiatrist	Hee Lan To
What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito	You can't. A mosquito is a vector and the mountain climber is a scaler. Courtesy of my physics professor.
What's an environmentalist's favorite part of a computer	The recycle bin.
What is the worst thing about being black and Jewish	You have to stand at the back of the oven.
What do you call a place monks go for Halloween	A monascary
What's a lumberjacks favorite animal	A TIMBERwolf
What do you call a crab that plays baseball	A pinch hitter.
What's the difference between sex and a slice of pizza	It takes me longer to eat the pizza
What's Irish and sits outside	Patio Furniture
What is Six Point Nine	A good time ruined by a period.
What do you call an italian hooker	A pasta-tute
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad sky diver	The bad golfer goes ::Whack:: ""Damn it!"" The bad sky diver goes ""Damn it!"" ::Whack::
What was the ancient punishment for smoking fatal levels of weed	You would be stoned to death.
What comes after the third car	The ford car.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	The taste!
What's the definition of endless love	A tennis match between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder
What did Vizzini say when he heard of your mom's abortion	Inconceivable.
What do you call 10 black guys playing basketball ball	Three on three.
What always stays hot in the refrigerator	Horseradish
What's the difference between a Transformer robot and a Transgender person	One is living in a spaceship and one is living a lie.
What's crude and beneath most Canadians	America
What was Osama Bin Laden's favorite drink	A double Manhattan on the rocks.
What's thick, black, and over a foot long	My roommate's asian girlfriend's hair clogging the fucking shower drain.
What do you call a man who loses pounds for a living	A bad gambler
What do you call an alcoholic dog	A whino !
What do you call a blowjob from a vampire	Blood sausage.
What's really important to a bat when they are looking for a new home	Echo-location, location, location (Replace ""bat"" with ""zubat"" if you wish.)
What's the only animal that can't get hit in the head	Duck.
What does a astronaut put in a sandwich	Space Jam
What's an algebra teachers favorite animal	A grr-affe http://metalinjection.junipconcepts.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Giraffe-Tongue-Orchestra.jpg?1fed28
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang a painting...
What do you call a bison that's sick to his stomach	A barffalo
What's it called when you wake up after a night of drinking and feel shitty	Being sober.
What sex position produces the ugliest offspring	I don't know go ask your mom.
What's Forrest Gump's favorite diner	Dennays
What's the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with a light on
What do you call Harrison Ford when he smokes weed	Han So-High
What do you call a Mexican who acts like a white person	A Juan-a-be
What did the deaf, dumb, blind orphan get for Christmas	*Cancer!*
What is the stinkiest businessman	Entra-Manure
Whats the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between ""ooo"" and ""ahhhh""	About 3 inches.
Q: What's the motto of the Polish Solidarity Union	A: Every man for himself.
What do you call two diamonds in a healthy relationship	Carbon dating
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle	Beef Strokenoff!
Whats yellow and blue and has a tight ass at one end	A Lidl's carrier bag.
What's the cheapest kind of meat	Deer balls, they're under a buck!
What's the difference between CNN and Al Jazeera	CNN shows the missiles taking off and Al Jazeera shows them landing.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down-And possibly use a lubricant.
What did C.S. Lewis say about The Lord of the Rings books	I don't know what you're Tolkien about!"" Yeah, sorry.. I know it's dumb.
What is brown and sticky	A brown stick. Bonus: what's red and fluffy? Red fluff.
What did batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile	Robin, get in the batmobile!
What joke is the darkest	Fire away please! I want to hear it all!
What is the opposite of Christopher reeves	Christopher Walken
What do you call a bird that flies over a baseball stadium	A fowl !
What do you get when you cross a kid who's eaten enough sugar to send a rocket into orbit, and the meanest boy in the whole world	Hyperbole
What do Muslim men do during foreplay	Tickle the goat under the chin.
What is ""moving and walking straight""	Four words. Edit: when do I kill myself.
What do you call someone who hangs around with musicians	a drummer ...
What did one dog say to the other dog	I like ""Hot Dogs"".
What kind of writing makes the most money	Ransom notes.
What's the shortest Tom Cruise joke	He walks into a bra.
What's it called if you re-evaluate your butt	In hiney-sight.
What has wings a long tail and wears a bow	A birthday pheasant!
What do you call an agnostic	An athe-ish.
What does David Bowie get at the supermarket	Can-cer
What do you call a Chinese baby in the oven	a 2nd born.
What did the cannibal say to his co-worker	You should stop by later. The missus and I are having people for dinner.
What's the difference between jokes and dicks	Your mother can't take 3 jokes at the same time.
What's the difference between a Priest and Acne	Acne waits until you're 13 to come on your face
Q: What's the difference between a bad golfer  and a bad skydiver	A: A bad golfer goes WHACK! ""Damn."" A bad skydiver goes ""Damn."" WHACK!
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What's the similarity between Divorce and tornados in the Midwest	Someone's losing their trailer
What is Blair Walsh's favorite song	I have no idea honestly, you would have to ask him
What is Al Qaeda's favorite football team	The New York Jets
What do you call a 90 year old man who can still masturbate	Miracle Whip.
[NSFW] What's the difference between an 18yo and a washing machine	You can dump your load in a washing machine and it won't follow you round for two weeks telling you it loves you
What happened to the gun that kept randomly shooting	He got fired.
What are Brazilian fans called	Brazil nuts!
What do you call a building you can't locate	A warehouse
What do you call a prostitute giving a blowjob under a bridge	Nothing. That's a low blow.
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A gummy bear
What is a Muslim's favorite type of meat	Shalami! haha!
What do you call a psychic, midget fugitive	A small medium at large.
What do you call a fat Psychic	A Large
What's the worst swear word to a tv exec	Godhole.
What problem afflicts 40% of all pedophiles	Immature ejaculation
What did the eggs say when the cops showed up	Everybody scramble!
What's the difference between a Hummer and a cactus	A cactus has all the pricks on the outside.
What does the earth say to the moon during a solar eclipse	OOh, that's perfect right there. Just stay right there... Dude?..Alright, whatever... This side of the moons a dick.
What do you call a dirty atheist	An unholy mess!
What is a Siths favorite thing to ride in	An elevader.
What's the last thing a Redneck says before he dies	Watch this!
What concert can you go to for 45 cents	50 Cent ft. Nickelback
What do you call two crows sitting on a branch	Attempted murder.
What is a pirates favourite part of a fish	The aye
What do you call a night watchman with deep-set self-esteem issues	An insecurity guard
What happened when the semicolon broke grammar laws	It was given two consecutive sentences.
What three letters in the alphabet frighten  criminals	F.B.I.
What do you call a female deer that hangs out outside of a pickle factory	A dill-doe
What do you call the English Toad Prize giving  cermony	The Brit Awarts !
What do you call it when many people drown in Berlin	A killing Spree.
What is the one type of person that will never get angry	A nomad.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	What's up my nigga?!
What does it say on Billy Mays' s tomb stone	BILLY MAYS HERE!
What do call a 5 person orgy of only black people	A threesome.
What did Hitler say when he heard that the Allies were winning	AUSCHWITZ!!!
What do you call a tea knight	A vigilan-tea
What kind of bell doesn't ring	A dumbbell.
What did the black pedophile say	Hey kid, wanna help me snatch some candy?
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom	A tuba toothpaste.
What does a catholic eat at the movies	Pope-Corn
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he was invited to a classical musician theme Halloween party	I'll be Bach.
What's 10 inches long, hard as a rock, full of semen and makes all of the ladies scream	The sock under my bed.
What is the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly your dick down a girls throat
What are the three rings of marriage	The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and then the suffering
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out the window
What does a Super Saiyan always put on his sandwich	Ka-Mayomayo
What's the difference between a basketball player and a mexican	Nothing, they both run, jump, shoot and steal.
What is a cannibal's favorite food to eat when he is lazy	Ra-men
What do you call a Polish airplane	A Jet-ski.
What's the difference between a seagull and a baby	The seagull flits along the shore, the baby shits along the floor.
What's the last thing a stripper does with her asshole before starting her shift	Drops him off at band practice.
What do you call a man that as sex with his 9 year old wife	The holiest Prophet of Islam.
What does a libertarian apparition say to the cops	Am I free to ghost?
Q: What do you get when offering a blonde a penny for her thoughts	A: Change.
What do you get when you mix birth Control and Lsd	A good trip without kids.
What is the gayest food	Indian food. It tears your ass apart :(
What is the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew	Santa goes down the chimney.
What did the mom say when she found out her son was going to be a evil spy	Abort mission!
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	A: I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass. (I'm sorry, this joke was mentioned on How I Met Your Mother and I can't stop laughing since)
What do gay crows eat	Cawk!
What type of writing is the most profitable	A ransom note.
What's the difference between Mike Jones and Michael Jordan	Mike Jones is Still Tippin'.
What do you get... When you donkey eats my roosters 2 feet	2 feet of my cock in your ass!
What do you call a cow that fell in a hole	A hole-y Cow!
What happens when a lawyer becomes the leader of communities	[deleted]
What's a terrorists favorite sex toy	A blow up doll!
What's Quentin Tarantino's favorite Christmas Carol	Django Bells. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to you all!
What did the goat say to his friend after he cut his arm	I'm bleating all over the place!
What do you call an injured Confederate soldier that can't find a medic	A rebel without a gauze.
What's cooler than being cool	Being 0K.
What's grey stands in a river when it  rains and doesn't get wet	An elephant with an umbrella !
What do Albanian kids want to be when they grow up	Italian
What kind of bird works on a construction site	A Crane.
What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara	Old Soviet-era joke told in Russia: What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara? Nothing at first, but then the sand shortages will start.
What is Siri really good at	Playing pocket pool.
What did the collage artist say to her assistant	Looks like I got my work cut out for me.
What overalls does Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What do you call a gay guy who gives blowjobs	A butt-head
what does god light his cigarettes with	a match made in heaven .-.
What do you call a homosexual black male	Spear Sucker !
What do you call a rabbit that plays with foxes	A dumb bunny.
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Rubber-Toe! (Roberto)
What does a Jewish Princess think about during sex	What color to paint the ceiling.
What does grandma's crotch smell like	Depends
What do you call a rapper who masterbates a lot	Lil Wayne-ker
What do you call someone with two noses	No one nose.
Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS	A: A know-it-all bitch.
What did EA give Sean Murray for a parting gift upon leaving EA	Game dev lessons.
What device does Mario use to communicate with the dead	A Lou-ouija board.
What's worse than a dead muskrat under your piano	A diseased beaver on your organ.
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm	Getting raped by a scorpion
What's the difference between me and a calendar	the 14th of february the calendar will have a date.
What is it exactly that separates man from animal	Divorce
What do you get if you cross an agnostic, a dyslexic and an insomniac	Someone who lays awake at night, wondering if there is a dog.
What's Hitler's favorite juice	Apple juice, you racist bastards.
What is long, hard and has cum in it.....	A cucumber
What fruit worries teenagers the most	A promegranate.
What did the guy without hands get for christmas	We don't know, he hasn't opened the present yet
What do people store their fondest memories in	A nostaljar.
What do a good bar and a woman have in common	Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
What do you call an Asian who is always on time	Thai Mingh Ha. Ha. Ha.
What was a tramp stamp in the 19th century	A slattern pattern
What do you call a Cuban on the moon	A Castronaut.
Q: What do you call the hair of a centaur	A: Humane.
What did the student say to his math teacher after his dog ate part of his homework	I got 99 problems, but a bitch ate one.
What do you call a documentary on Nuns	Virgin Media.
What's the difference between my jokes and my penis	Girls don't laugh at my jokes.
What has four letters, but a long sentence	Rape.
What would you call Jesus if he was born in Mexico	The Chosen Juan.
What do you call a punchline that makes no sense	A Bobbitt
What do you call a dinosaur who knows how to please its woman	A Lickalottapus
What do two horny astronauts do in the orbiting satellite	(NSFW) They Fuck Around
What ""c word"" describes my girlfriend and why I'm not getting any	Carpaltunnel
What do you call the useless bit of skin at the end of a penis	A Man.
What's the most positive thing in Africa	HIV
What do you call a class for dumb gingers	Speckle-ed.
what's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	beer nuts are $1.69 and deer nuts are under a buck
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get support, people will think we're nuts.
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wipes his butt
What do you call a gay New Zealander	A Kiwi Fruit.
What did the bread say before it jumped into the toaster	I'M BREADY TO DIE
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backwards	a receding hare line
What do you call a happy wizard	Optimystical
What do you call a PED for bears	Polaroids.
What do they say in vegetable church	Lettuce pray.
What's the definition of a masochist with necrobeastiality tendencies	Someone who literally gets off beating a dead horse.
What does a ghost pick out of his nose	Boo-gers
What surfs the Internet and goes 'Choo Choo'	Thomas the Search Engine.
What do you call a centaur that works as a prostitute	A whorse.
What's a martini's favorite garnish	Olive 'em!
What's the worst time of the year for the Slinkies factory	Spring break. BA DUM TISS
What happens when your friend from Prague topples over	You right a Czech.
What do you call an Asian wearing contacts	Customization. GET IT?? CUSTOM EYES ASIAN!!!
What's a Trump supporter's favorite topic	Hillary Clinton.
What did the anti-vaccer say to her son	I miss you.
What is the difference between a priest and a pimple	A pimple waits until you are 13 to come on your face.
What does a drill with a dildo attached to the end and watching golf have in common	They both bore the fuck out of you!
What did the fish say when he ran into a cement wall	Dam!
What is a pigs favourite ballet	Swine Lake!
What did Courtney Love say to Kurt Kobain after finding out he cheated on her	*""I'll give you one more shot""*
What's red, white, and black all over	An American plantation.
Q: What is the basement where White House  staffers work called	A: The whine cellar.
What did the light bulb say to the switch	You turn me on.
What happens when a plant is sad	The other plants have to photosympathize with it
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts.
What do you call a hot guy , who instantly becomes super hot	Sick, he definitely has fever.
what did one mexican mouse say to the other mexican mouse	nacho cheese!!
What's a German Ninja drink beer out of	A clandestein.
What's yellow and flashes	A banana with a loose connection.
What's the difference between a drummer in a rock'n'roll band and an extra large pizza	The extra large pizza can feed a family of four.
What does Morpheus seek for paper cuts	Neosporin.
What do you call a gust of wind that blows a black guy off of a boat	The NBA draft
whats the best part about sleeping with twenty-seven year olds	There are twenty of them
What do you get if you cross a dog with a  blind mole	A dog that keeps barking up the wrong tree !
What happens to a person when they move out of Asia	They become dis-oriented!
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by some chick.
What's Mr. Ts chain made out of	Fools gold
What is a group of Pedophiles called	A conclave!
What do you call a female lumberjack	A lumberjill
What did 0 say to 8	Nice belt
What did the asshole doorman say to the dick patron	You aint slick enough to slip right in!
What do you call a Canadian in outer space	An Eh-lien!
What's the difference between an Iraqi middle school and a terrorist training camp	Fuck if I know, I just fly the drone.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	Elephino
What's the difference between a jew and a Canoe	Canoes tip
What do you call a guy who does not fart in public	A private tutor.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What does expensive pasta cost	A pretty penne
What does a robot do after sex	Nuts and bolts
What wasn't stolen when CVS was looted during the Baltimore riots	The Father's Day cards.
What's a caveman's favorite lunchtime meal	A club sandwich.
What did Peter Pan say during the plane crash	It looks like we're going to Neverland.
What do you call it when a jaeger licks your butthole	Pacific Rim Job.
What do you call the ghost of a Native American accordion player	Pocahontas
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	If we don't get some support they're going to think we're nuts!
What smells like shit, looks dead, and doesnt give a fuck	Gamers
What's funnier than a dead baby	A dead baby in a clown costume. http://imgur.com/kG9MROJ
What did the owl say to the squirrel	Nothing. Because owls don't talk. Then it ate the squirrel, because owls are birds of prey.
What do you call a Chatbook that consists solely of pictures of your poop	A Shatbook.
WHAT DO WE WANT	RACE CAR NOISES!!! WHEN DO WE WANT THEM?? NEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at college	Bi-son
What do you get when you cross a Texas Aggie with an ape	A retarded ape.
What does 36+16 equal to	A prison sentence.
What's the most confusing day in the hood	Father's Day
What does a Syrian pirate say	Allah AkbARRR
What did the toaster say to the bread	I want you inside me.
What do you call a midget with no arms and a stumpy leg	A person. Don't be an asshole.
What did Ahab say when Moby Dick raised his tail	Whale shit!
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a girls cross country team	One is a group of cunning runts.
What tastes..[NSFW] What tastes better on Pizza than on Pussy	Crust.
what do you call an optimistic 0	A cheery-o!
What do you call a Mormon action hero	Jean-Claude Van Darn
What is a traitor's favorite food	Eggs Benedict
What's a feminists favorite music festival	Burning Man.
What sort of animals make the best TV presenters	Gnus - readers !
What does a gynocologist and a pizza man have in common	Thay can smell the goods, but they can't taste them.
What's the difference between a Jew and a woman	Idk I'm voting trump
What's Adam Levine's favorite holiday	Halloween Halloween Halloween!
What do you call a blind member of the Third Reich	A ""notsee"" because they cannot see! I'll see myself out...
What is the most expensive type of prostitute	Whoreganic
What's a whale's favourite brand of hair gel	Krill Bream.
What do you call an Irishman passed out on your deck	Paddy O'Furniture
What do you do about a bird that shits in your car	Never ask her out again.
What's long and hard and full of ""SEE-MEN""	A submarine, obviously.
[warning: Dad joke] What country has the most internet crimes	E-gypt
What is Forrest Gump's favorite type of pasta	Penne
What's the most difficult instrument for a percussionist to play	a conundrum
What do a cue ball and a Mexican have in common	The harder you hit 'em, the more english they pick up.
Q: What is the first thing off the truck at a trailer fire	A: Lawn chair.
What do a Total Bitch and her Tampon have in common	NSFW They're both Stuck-up Cunts.
[NSFW] What's black and blue and hates sex	The little boy in my trunk.
What do you call an Elf that sings	A wrapper! Merry Christmas. I hope you got what you wished for. (   )
What is the difference between a corrupt cop and a disposable camera	A disposable camera doesn't have to reload 3 times to take 30 shots.
What language does a homosexual jew speak	.....Heblew
What do the South and the Sun have in common	They Both Shall Rise Again!
What sex position makes the ugliest kids	Ask your parents.
What do you call a limbless swimmer	Bob.
What happens when you stick your hand into a jar of jelly beans	The black ones steal your watch and the yellow ones paint your nails.
What's pink and hard	The Financial Times crossword puzzle
What's the difference between Vincent van Gogh and Evander Holyfield	Are you serious? I could give you a mouthful.
What is a spiders favourite TV show	The newly web game !
What is a mexican's favorite sport event	Cross country
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone	I can't make a vitamin...
What does Mario use to get his hot dogs off the grill	He uses his Donkey Tongs.
What rock group has 4 men that don't sing	Mount Rushmore
What kind of bear likes the rain	A drizzley bear.
What do you call an orphan named Rose	Self-raising flour
What do I think about my toes	They couldn't be further from my mind.
What's black and white and red allover	My dalmatian after being hit by a car
What does a frog that can read say	Reddit...reddit...
What's green and sits on the porch	Paddy O'Furniture. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
What's the worst part about 9/11	getting your reddit jokes downvoted 14 years later because everyone is a crybaby cunt
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What pokemon would you catch in Antarctica	Freezing.
Whats the similarities between black people and bikes	Both cant work without chains.
What salesman has the slickest line	A hair grease salesman.
What do a woman's anus and a 9 volt battery have in common	(NSFW) You know its against your better judgement, but you put your tongue on it anyway.
What's worse than locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic	Having to go inside to ask for a clothes hanger
What happened to the minter who went crazy	He stopped making cents.
What do you call an awesome internet site for frogs	Rebbit.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 condoms	One is a good year, the other is a great year.
What do you call a guy going down on a girl with a smile on his face	A Gladiator
What four letter word starts with F ends in K and if you can't get it you have to use your hands or fingers...	A fork
What do a Typhoon and Aquaman have in common	They both come in waves. Context: In Taiwan at the moment, thought of this while watching motorcycles get knocked over by wind.
Whats better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ!
What do you call it when God masturbates	Jesus fucking Christ
What did the passenger broccoli say to the driver broccoli	Floret!
What is black and white and red all over	An Orca on a Japanese whaling ship.
What's the boob of a nun called	Sanctity.
What did the black kid get on his SATs	BBQ sauce.
What did the Queen fans say at the stoning	We will We will Rock you!
What do the Hindenberg, the Titanic and Hillary Clinton have in common	Going down on any of them would be horrifying.
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favourite movie	ITS FUCKING FROZEN!
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I'd never pay to have a lentil on my face
What happens when you play the drums incorrectly	You get repercussions
What does a vegetable use to change a flat	Asparagus...
Q: What do you have with Dick Cheney, Dick Morris, and Dick Nixon in the same room	NSFW A: Way too much cock and bull.
What's the difference between a thug and a phone charger	A phone charger charges batteries, but a thug has battery charges
What did the watch say when the necklace, earrings, purse and ring killed the shoes	I won't be an accessory to this.
What do you call a Polish aardvark	A Polaark!
What season is it when you are on a trampoline	Spring time :D I'm not funny (._.)
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands	A pocket watch.
What's the objective of Jewish football	To get the quarterback!
What are the ten greatest years of a woman's life	The ones between 39 and 40.
What is Hitler's favourite type of pizza	The Hollow Crust.
What do you call a happy husband	Broke.
What do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car	Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
what did the cookie say to the supermodel	I promise not to crumb in your mouth.
What sex position produces the ugliest baby	I don't know, ask your parents.
What do you call a masturbating bull	Beef Stroganoff.
What kind of bus can cross the ocean	A Columbus.
What did Richard Nixon say after he tried to make dinner at the White House for the first time	I am not a cook
What does your wife have in common with a Porn actress	They both moan SO much.
What did Reddit say to his elderly mother when he tried to take her to a home	Get in the Karma.
What's the wisest kind of modeling putty	Play-toh.
What's the best gift you can buy at Christmas	A broken drum, you can't beat it.
What did Wilford Brimley say to his wife when he found out she was pregnant	You have diafetus
What's long, black, and smelly	The unemployment line
What did the sign in front of the Drug Rehabilitation Center say	Keep off the grass.
What do you call a person who kills babies and gets paid for it	An abortion doctor.
What do you do if an old man asks for a helping hand	He is meaning a hand job so run away!
What do you call a city-dwelling dwarf that keeps perfect time	A metro-gnome
What do you call a dumb bunny	A hare brain.
What happened when the teacher fell in the copier	She was beside herself.
What is it called when Lebron James has sex	Bron-choitus
What was the catchiest thing of 2014	Ebola
What's the difference between a waiter and a waitress	The size of the tip.
What's worse than 1 slice of burnt toast	The holocaust.
What do you call a group of girls all named Paige	A chapter.
What did the sun god say in apology for all he had done wrong	I Apollogize"".
What is the body temperature of a Tauntaun	(Star Wars) Luke-warm.
What's nine inches long, has a bright purple top, and made my wife cry when I fed it to her after jamming it up her ass	Her stillbirth
What does PONTIAC stand for	Poor Old Nincompoop Thinks It's A Cadillac
What to hear a joke	A girlfriend.. While the humor is dry, in this joke i fully understand that this is not something many of you will ever get.
What Is Brown and Rhymes With Snoop	Dr. Dre
What do you get when you cross a donkey and a piece of onion	A piece of ass that will bring a tear in your eyes.
What's the difference between a baby and a fridge	The fridge doesn't cry when you put your meat in it
Whats the difference between white people and yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years it will develop its own cultures without having to resort to stealing others.
What's the difference between a Methodist and a Baptist	A Methodist will say ""hi"" to you at the liquor store
What makes a talker become a stalker	The s.
What is Cthulu's favorite pizza	deep dish
What is the early 17th Century English word for having excrement and blood smeared on your forearms	fisticuffs
What's white on bottom and black on top	Rape.
What's the worst thing about being an atheist	You have no one to call to when you're having an orgasm.
What's the difference between a women's track team and a bunch of African pygmies	The African pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts. The women's track team are a bunch of running cunts.
What do you call a female dog with a PH level above 7	A basic bitch
What do you call an elephant that doesn't keep up to date	irrelephant
What order did Emperor Palpatine give to start the orgy	Execute order sexy sex.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde	The mosquitos stops sucking after you fucking slap it
What do you call a Jewish baby in the womb	A bun in the oven.
What is the difference between a Greek spearman and a pale beer	One is hoplite, and the other a light hops.
What would a depressed Abraham Lincoln do	Slit the writ of habeas corpus.
What do you call the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch voting	Counting Crows
What do you call it when someone leaves at the first sign of a hurricane	A premature evacuation.
What's a storm trooper's favorite date	March 4th
What is the only difference between this year and last year	A building in Dubai.
What do you get when you cross a Jamaican with a ginger	A gingerbreadmon.
What is a gay dinosaur called	Nsfw Megasorass
What's the same about nail care and black people	They're both manicures
What do you get when you cross a weasel with a whale	A reprimand from the Scientific Ethics and Integrity Committee and an immediate withdrawal of your grant funding.
Whats Marios favorite type of jeans	denim denim denim!
Whats red, 10 inches long, and makes your girlfriend cry when you put it in her mouth	her miscarriage
What did the person say when a flood struck his house	Damn it!
What do English class and a UFO have in common	Zeugma, tmesis, and polyptoton call it home!
What did the gynecologist say to his sedated patient	I don't know, his voice was muffled.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip-off. Well, you can't blame them. They don't make much money, they just keep the tips.
What did the mummy snake say to the crying baby  snake	Stop crying and viper your nose.
What is a cow's favorite lunch meat	Bullogna
What do you call a computer with an amazing singing voice	A Dell.
Whats the difference between a pun, and a fart	One is a shift of wit and the other is a whiff of shit.
What's a specimen	An Italian astronaut :-D
What does an excited Japanese horse say	Oshio des neighhhhh
What is the most sensitive part of your body when you are having a wank	Your ears.
What did the male computer say to the female computer	He said: ""Ay gurl, I'd like to put my twisted-pair cable into your RJ45 jack so I can fill you up with my sweet, sweet data frames"".
What did the doctor do after he finished reading the book	He removed the appendix!
What do you call a Trump supporter on a Friday night	A bad person
whats the difference between the duke of york and Katy price	the duke of York only had 10,000 men
What's the difference between a Goodyear tire and 365 condoms	One is a Goodyear and one is a great year
What do you call a one-night stand	A humpty-dumpty!
Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11	Americans cant milk a cow for 16 years.
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	Dear sir, Your internet access has been terminated due to illegal usage. Sincerely, your service provider.
What's the most well mannered dinosaur	A plesiosaur.
What's green and smells like pork	Kermits finger
What's the difference between a woman and a computer	A computer doesn't complain when you push a 3 1/2"" floppy into it.
What do you tell a cow that's in the way	Mooooooooooooove.
What do men and mascara have in common	They both run at the first sign of emotion.
What do you do if you fiend King Kong in the  kitchen	Just don't monkey with him.
What do you call a guy with no arms and legs in a hot dog bun	Frank
What boxer's nickname is EEEEE	Mohammad Ali All-E
What is your favorite dumb joke	Mine would have to be Why did sally fall out of the tree? Because she had no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not sally.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car	When it comes to the police car, all the pricks are on the inside!
What did the Mexican firefighter name his twin sons	Hose A and Hose B
What is a wock	Something you throw a wabbits.
What is a tree's favorite drink	Root Beer
What is the difference between a joke and three dicks	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	Run like hell, she's holding a grenade !
What kind of joke do peeping Toms like	In-ya-window
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves	Russel
What did the Spanish firefighter name his twin sons	Jose and Hose B
What do you say to a handicapped dog	Stay
What did the sadist say to the masochist	No Probably has been put on here before but it made me chuckle.
What do you get when you cross a duck with an octopus	Fired and blacklisted from the genetics industry.
What do you call a Protestant in Greece	Unorthodox
What is a baby bee	A little humbug !
What did the sick fish say when he got sick	I've cod a cold.
What do you do with dead atoms	Barium
What's the difference between a divorce and a tornado in the south	Nothing. Either way someone is going to lose a trailer
What does a bald elephant wear for a toupee	A sheep.
What's your father's name	Teacher: What's your father's name? Kid: Joke!! Teacher: (irritatingly) are you kidding? kid: Nopes, he's my brother, I am joking!!
What did the Mama cow say to the baby cow	It's pasture bedtime.
What's a Canadian's favorite board game	Sorry!
What did Woody say to Buzz	A lot. There were 3 movies.
What do you call a mushroom that goes into a bar and buys everyone a drink	The fun guy
What do the final scene of titanic and the iPhone 7 have in common	They both could've fit the jack
What did the conductor do when half of the cello section called in sick a week before a major concert	He was forced to resort to excessive violins.
What's a bulimic cheerleaders favourite restaurant	In'n'Out Burger
What do you call an animal that doesn't matter	Irrelephant.
What do you give to the man who has everything	Penicillin.
What's the 4th grade essay in the Detroit School District	What I want to be *if* I grow up.
What's the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn-husker	One of them has the fits while shucking.
Q: What kind of neckwear does Hillary Clinton look best in	A: A noose.
What do you call a Serbian prostitute	Slobodan Mikokubic
What kind of horse can swim underwater  without coming up for air	A seahorse !
What happened to the Mexican after he took heroin for the third time	He over*dos*'d ^^^^I'll ^^^^see ^^^^myself ^^^^out
What do you call a nun who is outside her local calling area	*A roamin' Catholic.*
Q: What did the tie say to the neck	A: I think I'll just hang around.
What do Asian people use as blindfolds	Shoe laces.
What do you call a coffee made with frothy milk that tastes like crap	A farte
What did the pirate say when he turned 80	Aye matey!
What do old people with Alzheimer's often say	I don't remember.
What kind of oranges do you take on a boat	Naval oranges. I'm^so^sorry.
What's a thot's favorite animal	A cock-a-too! I'll show myself the door...
What's worse than having your car impounded by the police	Impounding your mother
What kind of computer is optimized for sad songs	A Dell.
What has a million legs but can't walk	Jerry's Kids.
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying	The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
What's the best thing about duct tape	It turns no, no, no into Mm, Mm, Mmmm
What are the three rings of marriage	The first one is the engagement ring...the second one is the wedding ring...and the third one is the suffering.
What's the difference between a cow who makes regular milk and a cow who makes chocolate milk	A mootation
What time is it when a clock strikes  thirteen	Time to get it fixed.
What do anal and spinach have in common	Well, if you hated it as a kid, you're probably not gonna like it as an adult.
What did the booger say to the finger	Pick on someone your own size.
What's the cheapest kind of noodle you can buy	Penne.
What stops rape every time	Consent
What's the coldest part of a man's body	His balls. Two below.
What does Snoop Dogg use to wash his clothes	bleotch!!
Q:What should Iraq get for its air defense  system	A:A refund.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip
What did the prostitutes left leg say to the other leg	Between you and me, we can make a lot of money!
What do you call traffic in The Czech Republic	Praguetory
What do cells say when their sister shoots their foot	Mitosis
What did the doctor tell a welder when the welder asked if his girlfriend(a pilot) using alternative lube was giving him erectile dysfunction	Jet fuel can't melt steel beams
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Phelps can finish a race
What does a tomato and a potato have in common	Both are red,except from the potato.
what's the best part about being a man	no .
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of milk	1%
What was the first treacherous thing said	Adam you gotta try this!
What did one German baker say to the other	Glutentag!
What do you get when you cross dirty double meanings with WWI	The Triple Entendre.
[Jokes] What's the difference between a garbanzo beans and a chickpea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before.
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference	I don't know and I don't care
What's Ron Jeremy's favorite shape	Erectangle
What does it mean when a blind girl says you have a big penis	She's probably just pulling your leg!
What is 6.9	A great thing ruined by a period
What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls	NHL Players shower after three periods.
What is Hitler's IP address	holocalhost
What is a priest's favorite candy	Sacramentos
Whats the difference between Michael Jackson and a grocery bag	one is plastic and dangerous for your kids to play with, the other holds your groceries
What is them difference between a horse and a Harley Davidson	On a Harley, the dick is on the top.
What word that begins with ""N"" and ends with ""R"" do you never want to call a black person	Neighbor
What's Funnier then an Obama Joke	DEZ NUTZ!!!
What happens after it rains in gotham city	a waynebow.
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a marathon full of feminists	The tribe of pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
What do you call nuts on the wall	Walnuts What do you call nuts on a chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on a chin? A dick in your mouth
What do coffee beans say to scare their friends	Brew.
What do you call a running chicken	Poultry in motion.
What do you call a negative antelope	A Cantelope.
What do you call a snake with a degree in engineering	A Boa Constructor
what's wrong if everything is all right	There's nothing left
What did the smoked salmon say after it realised it was no longer ill	I'm cured!
What do John Belushi, Jim Morrison, John Candy, Jimi, Hendrix, and Janice Joplin have in common	They all died Jung.
What lies upside down a hundred feet in the air	A dead centipede.
What kind of cereal does Ronda Rousey eat	Kix
What fruit can't get married	CANTELOPE
Whats got two legs and bleeds	Half a dog!
What did the German physicist use to drink his beer	Ein stein. - From Big Nate, as told by my kid.
What does a duck smoke	Quack
What do you call a family of redheads	Gingerbread. Edit: This is more of an out-loud joke. So, maybe it'll help if it read: ""Ginger-bred"" instead.
What do you call a fear of horned bovines	Aurochnophobia.
What's the fastest curry in the world	Usain Balti..
What do you call a pack of 8 Timbits	A Timbyte
What was the crow doing up on the telephone pole	He was making a long-distance caw.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I can't peanut butter my dick up your ass.
What goes up and never comes down	Your age!
What do you call an eskimo with no friends	An iglooser
What do we want	Doppler effect! When do we want it? nooaaaaAAAwwww!
What do you get when two Samoans Fall off a couch	Tufaloffahsofa
What rhymes with orange	No it doesn't!
What's the hardest part about eating vegetables	The Wheelchair.
What rhymes with orange	No it doesn't.
What's white and in the men's 100M final	The lines.
What do you call the men I kidnap and jerk off against their will	Stroke Victims.
What does it mean if you find a horse shoe	Some poor horse is walking around in his socks.
What's that difference between a pun and a dad joke	Dad jokes are punnier.
What's worse than male chauvinists	Women who don't shut up.
What do you find at the end of a double rainbow	A group of gay men
What is close to stupidity	Mexico and Canada
What would a reddit restaurant be called	Chooters
What do a redneck divorce and a burning meth lab have in common	Someone's losing a trailer.
What is the definition of a farmer	Someone who is outstanding in his field.
What's the difference between a hand towel and toilet paper	What?"" ""You aren't coming to my house
What do you call a black guy who was stabbed by a Mexican	An ambulance.
What did Beethoven do when he died	Decompose.
What would twitch.tv's mafia be called	El Kappa
What do you get when you eat all the potatoes	They're all gone!
What are the most racist jokes you know	There were 3 car accidents in Mexico 70 people died. What do you call a bunch of black people in a swimming pool? Coco puffs.
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise.
What does the lion say to his friends before they go out hunting for food	'Let us prey.'
Q: What's the highest position in the Greek Navy	A: Rear Admiral!
What's the difference between a Jew and Santa Claus	Santa goes down the chimney
What's the three fastest ways of communication	Telephone, telegraph, and tell-a-woman.
What's the difference between a Women's cross country team and midget geniuses	The midget geniuses are cunning runts.
What's the difference betweens jews and Santa-Claus	Santa Claus comes down the chimney
What do you call a blind deer	No eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs or sexual organs? Still no fucking eye deer.
What's the similarity between free healthcare and good jokes	Americans don't get them.
What reindeer can jump higher than a house	They all can! Houses can't jump!
What do you say when you walk in on an East Indian woman dressing	Sari!
What happens if you steel	You have to get Alloy-er
What is Caitlyn Jenner's favorite song	More than a Woman by the BeeGees
What did the fucking zombie say	Crack whores.
What's grosser than gross, and sicker than sick	When you sit on Grampa's lap and he pops a boner.
What's black and white and red all over	A newspaper
What's the difference between an Irish Catholic and a Roman Catholic	A few notches on the belt buckle.
[OC] What is the pope's favorite mode of transportation	A mitre-cycle!
What do you get when you cross a bridge with a car	You get to the other side.
Whats a ghost's favorite kind of porn	Booookaki
What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up	Age
What is an alto's favorite drink	High C!
What did the grad students call the new Asian post-doc	The Yellow Fellow.
What do you call a bunch of unicorns	A unicornucopia.
Q: What do you call a pickle that draws	A: A dillustrator.
What did Hitler say when he was asked where he would like to sit	He said ""Mein Kampfy chair.
What do the English and Hitler have in common	They both hate the Polish.
What's a Scottish transsexual's favourite drink	Mango Lassi
What did Hitler do to people who didn't like his facial hair	He sent them to Stauschwitz.
What's the difference between pudding pops and bill Cosbys dick	It's consensual when people eat pudding pops.
What do you get when ant's parents won't let him marry his girlfriend	Antelopes.
What's the difference between a baby and a pie	I didn't cum in the pie before I ate it.
what do vegan zombies eat	Graaaaaaaaaaaaaains...
What do guns and feminists have in common	They are very loud when triggered.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his arse.
What's worse than sucking a dozen raw oysters out of your grandmothers pussy	Sucking out thirteen and realizing you only put in twelve
What did the mayonnaise say to the man opening the fridge door	Don't look. I'm dressing.
What's both blue and purple and never seen again	This thread :/
What do you call a big Irish spider	Paddy long legs
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No eye deer
What would be the worst possible thing to see on Reddit after losing your family in a car crash	[removed] (two children)
What do you call a woman with one leg	Eileen, right? But what if she is Asian. Then it's Irene.
What do prisoners use to call each other	Cell phones.
What's the difference between a married woman and this joke	This joke sucks.
What's the most dangerous animal in Alaska	Sarah Palin
What did the lesbian lumberjill say to her girlfriend	Have I got an ax to grind with you.
What comes after 69	Mouthwash
What are the longest hairs in the body	Nose hairs, because pulling them out is a pain in the ass.
What's the one car that gingers can't have	A Kia Soul.
What happened to the frog's car	It was toad.
What do you do if you see a nigger shot 50 times	Stop laughing and reload.
Whats the gay man's favorite Civil War Battle	Manasses.
What's the joke where the punchline is 'thats the punch-line'	This is no joke.
What's a soldier's least favorite car company	KIA
What do you call a lizard who can't easily have sex	A reptile dysfunction
What does a vampire stand on after taking a shower	A bat mat.
What did the mouth say to the nose	Nothing; mouths can't ta... oh, wait...
What kind of meat does a priest eat on Fridays	Nun.
What did the hail storm say to the roof	-Hang onto your shingles this will be no ordinary sprinkles
What happened when two hydrogen atoms collided	The doctor had to heal-ium.
What does a dwarf and a midget have in common	Very little.
What do you call the Jewish Jamaican singer responsible for pouring the wine at synagogue	De Canter
What's the difference between a jar of mayonnaise and France	If you leave the jar alone for 200 years it'll develop a culture.
What's worse than a male chauvinist pig	A woman who won't do what she's told.
What did one telepath say to the other telepath	Nothing.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane	A pilot, you assholes.
What do you call a guy who checks his blood sugar frequently	Sir Lance A. Lot
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A Roamin Catholic!
What do you call 2 accountants having a threesome with a girl	Double-entry
What's the best way to sum up the 90's	90+91+92+93+94+95+96+97+98+99=945
What do you call people who teach their kids to use abstinence as birth control	Grandparents.
What comes after a farting competition	Farty!
What sexual position guarantees the ugliest baby	Go ask your mother
Whats the most popular breakfast food in Africa	Ebola cereal!
What was the last phone call made from the Twin Towers	An order for two large plains.
What did the surgeon tell Michael Jackson before he changed his skin colour	Everything's gonna be all white.
What do you call it when a guy fucks a girl and never calls her again	A hit and run
What's the best thing about dating a black girl	You don't have to meet her dad.
[nsfw] What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What cake wanted to rule the world	Attila the Bun.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down	Married.
What happens when two pastries divorce	They have a custardy battle
What usually comes after the monster  lights the birthday candles	The fire department.
What is the difference between a fisherman  and a lazy student	One baits his hook the other hates his book.
what do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs	*""I don't know. What?""* a condescending con descending.
What is the difference between a golfer and a sky-diver	The golfer goes *WHACK!* ""Shit!"" The Sky-diver goes ""Shit!"" *WHACK!*
What do prime numbers and white girls have in common	They literally can't even.
What's better than being the first Black President of the United States	Being the 45th white one.
What do you call a crazy bug on the moon	A lunar tick.
What do you call an aging actor who has finally paid off his house	Mortgage freeman.
What do Yoda's sheep say	Dey go baa.
What kind of weapon does a seasoned vet use	A salt rifle.
What 'secret ingredient' do you add to your meals in order to improve the taste	I cumin it.
What did the Banana do when he was accused of drowning his children and slowly torturing his wife to death	He appealed. He *appealed*.
What do the Greeks sing while at sea	your boat, gently down the stream...
What's the difference between a woman having her period and a terrorist	You can negotiate with a terrorist
What do you call a group of hoes in a bathroom	r/showerthoughts
What did the retarded kids call there rock band	Syndrome of a Down...
What do you use to search for anime in Google	Weabooleans
What do riding a bike and playing basketball have in common	If you're not careful, you can pop a ball.
What do you call a camel with no humps	Humpfree! :P
What do you call a fake noodle	An Im-pasta
What do you call a skeleton in a closet	The hide and seek champion.
What's the leader of north korea's wife wear when she's not in the mood	a Kimono
What is a joke that so stupid that is actually funny	There was a thread months ago but i lost it...
What do a pussy and KFC have in common	They're both finger licking good, and when your done you have a box to put the bone in
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*cough* *choke* *gargle*
What do you take on a math camping trip	2/10
What do you call a religious duck	A Quacker
What's white, black, and red all over	A race war.
What was I like in high school	You know that guy who drove a Camaro and banged all the cheerleaders? I'm the reason he passed calculus...
What's better than winning a silver medal at the Special Olympics	Not being retarded
What do old women and cottage cheese have in common	They come in chunks.
What's the difference... between a girls mouth and a girls vagina	There is none! I want my penis to be inside both of these things.
What do you do when you see an enemy with half a face	Reload and shoot again!
What's the odd one out	What's the difference between your meat, you wife, an egg and a blowjob? You can beat your meat, your wife and an egg, but you can't beat a blowjob!
What do you call a terrible performance of Han Solo: The Musical	A rebel without applause.
What's the most reliable thing about a Honda	It's theft rate.
What's the best part of split-pea soup	The cut up peaness.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	GLOVES! Nah, just kidding... He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
What do you call a paraplegic archer	Legolas.
What's better than watching a woman wrestle	Seeing her box.
What do you call a black woman that has had seven abortions	A crime fighter
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	A golfer goes *whack* ""damn"" and a skydiver goes ""damn"" *whack*
What is the difference between a musician and a dead body	One composes and the other decomposes.
What's 8 feet tall, covered in fur, and walks around the Himalayas undermining your arguments by attacking your character	The Adhomineminal Snowman
What do you call a potato that looks like Hitler	A dick-tator.
What is the difference between a teacher and a train	A teacher says, ""Spit out your gum"" and a train says, ""Choo, Choo, Choo.
What kind of exercises do lazy people do	Diddly-squats
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo	Probably an award or something. I mean, that would be pretty crazy. Alternative punch line: I don't know. The zoo won't let me try.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a Styrofoam cup	A dead baby doesn't harm the atmosphere when you burn it.
What does a gay horse eat	heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey
What were the last words Jimi Hendrix said before he died	*S'cuse me, while I kiss the sky...*
What do you call 75 year old John Cena	John Cenile.
What's the difference between anal and oral sex	Oral sex will make your day, anal sex will make your hole weak.
What do you call an alcoholic eating grapes	Impatient.
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike	Ethiopian.
What do a frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant girl have in common	Failure to pull out in time
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What is a double-wide salad	It's a salad for people who can't afford a house salad
Q: What did the blonde customer say after reading the buxom waitress's name tag	A: ""What did you name the other one?
What is the hardest part of eating vegetables	Their wheelchairs
What's your favorite ""I just hurt myself or messed up"" phrase	Like, oh fuck! Oh shit! TITTY SPRINKLESSSSSSS
What was Mussolini's favourite dessert	Tyranisu
What is a pirate's favorite letter	You think it'd be R but it be the C
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Now, you might say ""r"" but his first love be the ""c"".
What does a WoW player with tubercolosis say when he ends a conversation	TBC
What's the difference between a mechanical and a civil engineer	One builds weapons and the other build targets.
What's a crusader's favourite drink	A Teu-tonic.
What did the termite eat for dinner	A table for two.
What do sprinters eat before a race	Nothing, they fast.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Likalotapus.
What were the Crocodile Hunters last words	You Irwin some you Irlose some"" Then he dieded.
What's the best part about dating a black girl	Not having to wait for her downstairs with her father.
What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells	Pregnant.
What's the difference between a Priest and Acne	Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 13.
What do sick composers drink	Tchai *cough* Tea
What's the easiest way to get laid	Crawl up a chickens ass and wait.
What's Tommen Baratheon's favorite band	Fall out boy
What do you call a 5'10"" fortune teller parked in the middle of a divided highway	A medium medium on the median.
What is a virgin's least favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
What's the favorite letter of the National Socialist Party	Anyone before the last one actually. Because they are all not Zs.
What does my finger and lemon pie have in common	They both have my rang on them.
What do Muslim gamers say at the start of Ramadan	Gotta go fast!
What's a rappers shirt made out of	Strait out of cotton
What do you call a group of IT guys that smoke meth	Geek Squad
What did the gay atheist shout after Noah threw him off the ark for being a gay atheist	Help! I'm thinking!
What type of luggage only speaks in short sentences	A brief case.
Whats an African-American's favorite fare	Welfare.
What do you call a scary bee	A boo bee.
What does the quantum duck say	Quark Quark
What is Walter White's favourite band	Well it's not Saving Jane, that's for sure.
What do you call a fat computer	A Dell
What do you call Jimmy Savile walking down the street	[British] ... a paedestrian... *grabs coat, shuffles out of room in silent shame*
What do you call a very small valentine	A valentiny.
What's the difference between a hobo crack addict and a millionaire crack addict	99 dollars.
What do you call an easy lifestyle revolving around eating Chinese food	Lo Meintenance
What do you call a constipated optimist	A half ass full kind-a guy!
What does a rapist wear to feel sexy	Cologne.
What did Robin Williams do when he got to his office early	He hung around until his assistant arrived
What does a vegan ghost eat	Supernatural food.
What do you call a fat kid with red hair and a eye patch	Names
What do you call Washington State after a long rain storm	Washed a Ton State. I woke up with that joke in my head this morning. My brain is weird. Had to share it with someone.
What do a gynecologist and a pizza guy have in common	They can both smell it but can't eat it.
What do you get when you cross a bell with a piece of shit	Dung.
What do u get when u give a rodent date rape drugs	Mickey Mouse
what has nine legs, four feet and orange	Nothing, fuck off
What do you call your mom who used to be your dad	A transparent (   )
What do smoking a cigarette and eating pussy have in common	The closer you get to the butt, the stronger the taste.
What has two legs and looks like a spider	A spider. (They have two legs and an additional six legs also)
What do you do if your boyfriend walks out	Close the door.
What four letter word has made the biggest impact in the modern world	Send.
What do you get when you cross peanuts and almonds	Deez Nutz
Q: What does a blonde say when you asked her what the last two words of the national anthem are	A: Play ball.
What food is good for the brain	Noodle soup.
What is the leading cause of pedophilia in America	Sexy children.
What did the mexican say to the Highlander	There can only be Juan.
What music does a mummy listen to	Wrap music
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick up someone's ass
What do cow pastures smell like	Dairy air
What did the DJ order from the deli	A club sandwich with extra beets.
What is the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker &amp; a prostitute with diarrhea	The epileptic oyster-shucker SHUCKS between FITS.
What do you call a midget with Down's Syndrome who arrives to class late	A little tardy.
What did the dolphin king say at the funeral of his faithful servant	You have served your porpoise.
What do you call a deceptive feline	A lion. Get it guys lol? Lion ~ Lying I'll pounce myself out now...
What did O say to Q	Your dick is hanging out.
What do you call a French boy wearing Sandals	Phillipe Phillope Friends and I thought of this in French class today.
What did the terrorist say to the police before he blew up the building	C4 yourself!
What do you get when you set a dog's tail on fire	Hopefully arrested you sick fuck... also a Dash-hound
What do you call a penguin with a smoking problem	It's a puffin!
What did the japanese chef do after he dishonored the emperor	Commit sushi
What has 18 legs and catches flies	A baseball team.
What's the difference between raping and rapping	One's mostly done by criminals in shady neighborhoods, and the other is sex without consent.
What do you call an expert that studies sign language	A signtist!
What's the difference between a redneck, and a SJW	A redneck's trigger actually does something
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer	The freezer doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
What do you call a promiscuous hippy	Whore-ganic
What did Mustafa's dad say after he founded Turkey	attaturk.
What would Ronald Reagan be doing if he were alive today	He'd be scratching at the lid of his coffin yelling, ""Let me out! I'm alive! Let me out!!
What do you call a beautiful woman on a bassist's arm	A tattoo.
What's brown and sticky	(not a stick) My Beyonce calendar
What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a tree	My cock while I'm doing it.
What is a mummies favorite genre of music	Wrap
Whats the worst part about having a lesbian for a roommate	They eat all the tuna!!!
What did one turnip say to the other	We're white and bulbous, just like America
What do you do with an elephant with 3 balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
What do you call a stoner that complains about luck	A Hearthstoner
What is the scariest part of a cavity search	When they put both their hands on your shoulders but keep searching
What should be done in case of apparent drowning	Take the parent out of the water
What do a chop shop and a desperate actress have in common	They both strip for parts!
What game did the Rabbi play with the Baby	PeekaJew
What kind of birds stick together	Vel-crows
What is the ideal weight for a lawyer	About 3 pounds, including the urn.
What do mysoginy and racism have in common	Black women.
What business is King Kong in	Monkey business.
What's hard, white, and 10 inches	Nothing.
Q: What do sneezes wear on their feet	A: Ahhh-shoes.
Q: What kind of suit does a bee wear to work	A: A buzzness suit!
What's Pink and Hard	?? A Pig with a Flip Knife.
what do you call a mistake in a soup recipe	a Pho pas
What should you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns	Go for the juggler
What bit of fish doesn't make sense	The piece of cod that passeth all understanding !
What s the difference between a goodyear and a fucking good year	365 condoms.
What did one boob say to the other	We better get some support or people are gonna think we're nuts.
What do you call a magnet that can go both ways	Bi-Polar
What do you call a former CIA agent when a winter storm hits	Snowed-in
What did the car baby say to his car dad	Hey dad, let's tell a joke for car ma!
What's the difference between Doctor Who and Facebook	When the Doctor changes the timeline, it's usually for a good reason.
What do you get when you have sex with the Quaker Oats guy	Oatmeal Creme Pies.
What do you call a Jamaican that wears glasses	Rasta-four-eyes!
Whats the difference between a rectal and an oral thermometer	The taste.
What did the chemist say when he caught his brother stealing halogens	Bro, mine
What kind of jeans do ghosts wear	Boo Jeans
What's the worst part about Necrophilia	The awkward silence.
What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it hits your windshield	Its butt.
What do you call the iron-stealing, oxygen-depleting metalloproteins that lurk in the red blood cells of all vertebrates	Hemogoblins.
What's Ellen Pao's husband's favourite web plugin	Ponzi Buddy.
what do you call a clean idiot	soap on a dope
What falls faster from a tree, a leaf or an Emo	The leaf, the Emo is too depressed to go outside. I saw this joke reposted so many times. I figured I'd mix it up a bit.
What do you call 30 gay guys buttfucking in a circle	A creme-filled donut.
What do you call a guy stuck in the same job for 30 years	A four term US senator.
What's a vampire's favourite dance	The vaults!
What do you call a snobby criminal going down stairs	A condescending con descending
What is a politician's favorite kind of tea	Infideli-tea.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Damn!
What's a desert's favorite song	Darude-Sandstorm
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Damn.
What's the true meaning of a New Years resolution	Something you do for the first week of the new year.
What do you call it when you sit on a high chair to see if you want to buy it	A stool sample.
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do at night	He stays up wondering if there really is a dog.
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked	A seatbelt
What do you call two lesbians on a canoe	Fur Traders
What does the neckbeard say when asked what he did last weekend	M'laundry.
What does the Jewish Bruce Wayne drive	The Shabbat-Mobile.
What do men and pizza have in common	That you call them and in 10minutes you have them h...
What's the difference between a kidney bean and a chickpea	I've never had a kidney bean on my face.
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer	Mostly the taste.
what is the hardest part of being a pedophile	I dunno, probably making friends and fitting in
What do you call a jewish Pokemon trainer	Ash.
What does the comedian say to his children on his deathbed	No one will appreciate your jokes once you're *dad.*
What kind of tea do you pay an arm and a leg for	Amputee
What do New York McDonald's employees and people who read Ulysses have in common	Liberal Arts Degrees.
What do you call an alien surfing the Internet	e-t.
What is the easiest way to make a banana split	Cut it in half.
What's the difference between Santa and Justin Beiber	Santa stops at 3 Ho's
Q: What do you call a blonde lesbian	A: A waste.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	a tire.
What is it called when an unborn baby dies in a horse-drawn sleigh	A mis-carriage
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Steven Hawking after a house fire
Q: What's yellow and 1454 feet tall	A: The Empire State Banana.
What comes after L	Bow
What do you bury a Jewish metalhead in	A Moshe pit!
What's the difference between a penis and a criminal	Well a penis gets hard, but a criminal does HARD time!
What's the favourite toy of Turkish rulers	Beyblades.
What do you call a black cat than can spring up to  a six foot wall	A good jumpurr !
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One's big and heavy, the other's a little lighter.
What do you call a flying skunk	A smellicopter!
What is the most popular sport played by raindrops and hail stones	-Diving
What did the frustrated cannibal say	Nothing he just threw up his hands.
What do you call a guy who plays Fallout	A Fall Out Boy.
What do you call it when an underwater explorer gets bitten by a bloodsucking parasite	Diverticulitis.
What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor	Make me one with everything
What does a Dallas Cowboys fan do when his team has won the Super Bowl	He turns off the PlayStation.
What do you get when you cross NWA and Young Money	Dr. Drake.
What did the Ghost say to the Bee	Boo Bee
What electronic device leaves behind a lot of broken glass	A PC, seeing how they typically run on Windows!
What's a ducks favorite drug	Quack cocaine
What do you call a dinosaur with good dental hygiene	A flossiraptor
What is matthew mcconaughey' least favorite part of interstellar	The girls get older, but he stays the same age"" -first attempt at a original joke (apologies if its a repost that I'm unaware of)
What do the neighbor's wife and a dead gorilla have in common	They're both haram bae.
What's the difference between a beaver and a deer	The deer has a bigger beaver
What do you call a bunch of cats sitting in a circle	The purr-rimiter.
Q: What did the girl sea say when the boy sea asked her for a date	A: Shore.
What is the chemical composition of a fire hydrant	K9P.
What do Alicia Keys, Katniss Everdeen, and Joan of Arc all have in common	They're all girls on fire.
What does a nut say when it sneezes	Cashew.
What's the best part of having sex with twenty one year olds	There's twenty of 'em.
What do you say to someone riding a stoned horse	Get off your high horse.
Whats a rednecks favorite thing to do on Halloween	Pump Kin
What is blonde and brown blonde and brown blonde and brown	Answer. Madonna doing cartwheels.
What is the most searched porn on the ginger-bread man's computer	Crumbshots
What do you say to a handicapped dog	Down Syndrome, down!
What is a Nazi's favorite bird	Q: What's a Nazi's favorite bird? A: Austrich
What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear	Shot it!
What are facts about canines we must believe	Dogma
what's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	the wheelchair
What s the difference between an ostridge	it can neither fly
What do you call a bear without teeth	A gummy bear
What do you call a shark with no friends	A lone shark
What were the protestors outside Erin Andrew's court house shouting today	White Nudes Matter!
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite sex position	On camera. Credit to this week's episode of *The Soup*.
What can you never eat for breakfast	Dinner.
What do you call two witches who share a  room	Broom-mates.
What is Dracula's girlfriend called when she gives him head	Down for the count!
What happens when Trump makes a meme	it goes dankrupt.
What do you call it when a chickpea gets killed	Hummuside
What kind of nuts go on a carrot cake	First time posting to r/baking.
What is E.T short for	Because he's got little legs.
What does Drew Carey have in his driveway	Cleveland Rocks!
What do you call it when you make fun of someone's gambling addiction	Slot shaming.
What's the funniest thing /r/funny has done	Gone private.
What is a 6.9	A great thing ruined by a period.
What do you call a vet that can only work on one animal	A doctor
What do you call a security guard stationed outside of a Samsung	A Guardian of the Galaxy
Q: What's an accordion good for	A: Learning how to fold a map.
What do male lawyers call a female barrister	A barista. Because she's only useful for getting coffee.
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's sexual orientation	Bicepsual.
What do you call an angry black man	Typical. What do you call an angry white man? Active shooter.
What's the best rape prevention tool	A de-boning knife.
What does the Russian President enjoy having on his fries	Putine...
What do you call an outdated joke that, while sharp, has little potential for laughs	I used to know, but then I took an arrow to the knee
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	The boy scout comes home from camp.
What do you call a sheep taking Ambien	Shleepy!
Whats black, big, and smelly	An unemployment line.(:
What do you call two guys using the same urinal	Peers
What game console do Latinos use most	XBOX JUAN
What's a sailor's favorite thing to watch at sunset	Knot movies
What do you call a horny lightbulb	Illumi-naughty. ;)
What do you call a midget with an axe	A battle dwarf
What do doors and hookers have in common	You enter, come, and go. EDIT: changed punchline
What kind of exercise does Ned Flanders like to do	Diddily-squats.
What was Hitler's favorite battery	The nein volt
What's the best time to go to the dentist	Tooth Hurty!
What do you call a cow that has given birth	..... Decalfinated.
What did the fish have to pay to get past the coral reef	Atoll.
What do you call a tweaker (meth addict) who goes to church	A Crystal Methodist.
What's the tallest building	A library, because it has so many stories.
What kind of native American is Nikki Minaj	Arapahoe.
What is something a lot of redditors mix up	/r/askreddit and /r/jokes titles
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they're stuck up cunts.
What did the ghost serve at his Halloween  party	Hallowieners!
What's a candidates favorite instrument	Trump-et
What do you call a cow that has abortion	Decaffeinated
What do you call a snake that works for the government	~~A civil serpent~~ Senator.
What did Lawrence Taylor say when they told him the prostitute he was with 15	That bitch told me she was 13!
What do you call the sweat that forms on a guys scrotum while he copulates with his sister	Relative humidity.
What do you call five black people having sex	A threesome I'm sorry
What's the difference between 7/11 and 9/11	One is a part-time job the other an inside
What's the difference between training wheels and training bras	I need two hands to remove training wheels.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other	See you next month!
What's a pedophile's favorite shoe	White Vans
What do you get when you wreck a Honda Accord into a Saturn Ion	An Accordion. ...I'll, uh, see myself out.
What's the difference between Gene Simmons and Richard Simmons	One porks women the other un-porks them.
What do porn movies and disney movies have in common	Happy endings.
What are some good fruit jokes	My friend is doing a video project for school and needs fruit jokes.
What did the pirate say when he had a steering wheel down his pantaloons	Arr! It's driving me nuts!
What do you call a funny pancake	a puncake
What does D.N.A. stand for	National Dyslexia Association
What's the cheapest meat on the Market	Dear balls. They're under a buck.
What happened to the gay couple that mistook Vaseline for wallpaper paste	Their wallpaper fell down!
What did the Arab say to his goat	Jihad Me at hello
What do you call a tired cow	Milked out!
What is a pedophile's favorite type of shoes	White Vans
What do you call a custard when it goes bad	Off-pudding.
What's the Italian word for suppository	innuendo
What's the deal with rape whistles	I can't imagine a situation in which blowing on a whistle is more effective than yelling ""RAPE!
What do you say when the inventor of the telephone falls over	Alexander Graham Fell!
What is Martin Luther King's least favorite Christmas song	I'm dreamin' of a white Christmas
What do you call a gay keyboard layout	Qweerty
What Do You Call A Jewish Dilemma	Free Ham
What do Karl Marx and the founder of Linux have in common	Both of them hate classes.
What's a pirates favorite letter	Ye think it be R but it a actually be the C
What is the difference between a baby and a stamp	I don't have a stamp collection.
What do you call a girl in between 2 houses	Alane
What do you call a five year old with no friends	A sandy hook survivor
What do you call a dictionary on drugs	addictionary
What	What do you call a man with one extra finger on his left hand? John Dillinger.
What do you call a group of paralyzed hippies	Organic Vegetables.
What South American dance do cows like to do	The Rump-a
What cuts four farts in the morning, two farts at midday, and three farts in the evening	A sphinxter.
What do you call a 100 spiders on a tyre	A spinning wheel !
What do you call a young male cow	Cowboy
What do you call it when one musician abuses another	An act of violins.
What's the best way to fit 30 Jews in a 5 passenger car	30 in the ashtray
What did the accountant do when he was constipated	He worked it out with a pencil.
What would it take to reunite the Beatles	Two more bullets.
What's long and black	The unemployment Line.
What do you call a man with 6,022 x 10^23 dollars	A Moleionaire
What's the difference between men and women when it comes to drinking	My boys drive me to drink, but women drive me to drink.
What do you call a cow that's missing a leg	A 3 legged cow
What do you do with an infected chemist	You try to Curium. If that doesn't work and he dies, then Barium
What do women and Slinkies have in common	Not much, but you can't help but crack a smile when see some tumbling down the stairs.
What does a sandwich filling share in common with Joffrey Lannister	They are both in bread.
What's the easiest way to condense milk	Mlk
What do you call a communist pirate ship	The USS Arrrrrr
Whats the first word a swede says after its born	wouaaa wouaaa wu wu welcome refugees
What do a pizza delivery driver and a gynecologist have in common	They both have to smell it, but neither of them can eat it
What does a computer say when it encounters a skunk	C: PU!
What do you call an old, dead, bloodsucking leech	Margaret Thatcher
What's brown and sticky	Parcel tape.
What kind of tea isn't fake	A property
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk	anUDDER failure.
What do you call it when a homosexual asks a question	A Query.
What do you call a sometimes homosexual arctic bear with heavy mood swings	A Bi bipolar polar bear!
What do dwarves use to cut their pizza	Little Caesars
What are the best funny fake names you know	? I submit - Craven Moorehead
Q: What kind of bar do fish go to	A: A sand bar.
What's the most positive thing about Africa	HIV.
What do you call a nuclear-powered car	A mobile-Chernobyl!
What's the difference between a liberal arts major and a pizza	The pizza can feed a family.
What do you call a bee's rear end	A Bee-Hind
Q: What did the blonde think of the new  computer	A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get channel 9.
What did the bee say to the flower	Hello honey !
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothin, they're both stuck up cunts.
What is Winrar's Favorite pickup line	I can Unzip it for you.
What is the deadliest bear	Seriously... I don't know the punchline to this, help me out.
What did Hansel and Gretel say when the witch put them in the oven	She diabeetus!
What's the worst thing about 90's kids	They fight back.
What do you call a gay guy's saggy balls	Mud-flaps
What's 9 + 10	Dix Neuf
What's a pirates favorite thing to eat	The booty.
What did Kermit the Frog say when Jim Henson died	Nothing.
What does Tupperware and a walrus have in common	They both like a tight seal!
What do you call money you pay prostitutes	Headquarters
What's on TV	My wife sat down next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, ""What's on TV?"" I said, ""Dust."" And then the fight started...
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeve.
What do you call a rich frog	A gold-blooded reptile.
What do you call a mix between an elephant and a rhino	Elephino (hell if i know) :)
What's the difference between a hockey player and a feminist hippie chick	A hockey player will take a shower after three periods.
What's the NSA's favourite game	I spy.
What did the flower say about the tree heading to the sky	He's on route.
What do you call a person with no brain	A no-brainer
What's the best way to fuck a red-headed virgin	gingerly (wrote this today, if anyone has ever heard it or can find a past use, I am dying to know)
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeves
What do you call a child molesting know-it-all	A wikipediaphile
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs playing in the leaves	Russell.
What is the opposite of leapfrog	Toadstool *i'll just see myself out*
What does a Pokemon baby say to his dad in Star Wars	Waba Fett
What is a pirate's favorite element	Gold.
What do you call an Egyptian doctor who works on peoples backs	A Cairopractor!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws; and the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
What is the square root of 69	Ate something....
What is the quickest way to get some easy money Saying ""Ive got $200 on Rhonda Rousey to win, any takers	
What did the baker say to the baby lamb who stole his dough	Oh baby ewe...you got what I knead!
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe	Roberto
What do your girlfriends personality and breasts have in common	They're both flat.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back 4 seconds.
What does an onii-chan drive	A Niisan. *cue rimshot*
What do you call El Chapo suffering from seizures	Narcolepsy
What does Hillary's emails and a racist post have in common	[removed]
what is your least favorite type of sandwich	Whoops, wrong sub.
What's another name for a dictator	Penis potato
What do you call two doctors with the same career	Pair of medics.
What's the strongest muscle on a pig	The hamstring.
What's the difference between the Welland bus terminal and a Lobster with breast implants	One is a busty crustacean, and the other is a crusty bus station.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	Puberty
What's worse than watching your brother do a double barrel roll over 15 cars on a motorbike	Having to watch him do a half barrel roll over 8 of them. R.I.P. Bobby. Never forget.
[God-awful OC] What do you call someone who lets people rent wifi signals from them	The lanlord!
What should Bernie Sanders' next presidential campaign be called	Hindsight is 2020
What do you call an exam that a Biology major almost failed	Biodegradable.
What's a bear's favorite fruit	Tom**ato**(**ms**). Explanation: Bears are made up of atoms. Plug: /r/BearJokes
Q: What did the blonde's dentist find	A: Teeth in the cavity.
What do you call a sexy BLONDE that understands what you're saying	A MissUnderstanding!
What's easier to load into a garbage truck, babies or bowling balls	Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
What kind of noise annoys an oyster	A noisey noise annoys an oyster!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs playing in a pile of leaves	Rustle
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club	A circus is full of cunning stunts
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken	Christopher Reeve...
What's the difference between a queer and a refrigerator	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out!
What is an ear of corn's favourite Leonardo DiCaprio movie	Inception
What did the author say when he added a chapter about flour to a story about soup	The plot thickens!
What did Mr. Cena's fiancee say on their wedding day	No, John! *You* can't see *me!*
What is the difference between Trump's tie and a horse's tail	The horse's tail covers the whole asshole
What do you call a malady effecting reproduction in turtles	A reptile dysfunction
[OC] What did the imprisoned locksmith say after he told the inmates a bunch of bad jokes	I'll show myself out.
What do Reptiles love to smoke	Mariguana
What kind of ant can count	An account*ant*.
What's the difference between and egg and a wank	You can beat an egg.
What's a hotdog's best subject in school	History. Because history has always been written by wieners.
What does a dyslexic agnostic insomniac do	...Stays up all night pondering the existence of a dog
What's a nice guy's fave drink	M'mosa
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger do after he retired	He became an ex-terminator!
What did one Redditer say to another	Doesn't matter, the real joke is in the comments.
What's a great thing to do in Fresno	Leave.
What is the only reason Donald Trump is watching the Olympics	So he can determine how high Mexican pole vaulters can jump.
What do you get when you cross-breed a shark and a cow	I have no idea but I wouldn't try milking it
What does a nosy pepper do	Get jalapeno business
What do you name the male and female twin monkeys	Abe and Anna
What did the snowman eat for breakfast	Frosted snow flakes. My 4.5 y/o son came up with this joke, but his punch line was ""snow flakes"". I added the ""frosted"". Teamwork.
What's the technical name for the mental disorder where someone habitually gropes others	Cop-a-Feelia
What did the feminist baker blame for all of her life's problems	The Pastryarchy.
What is the collective noun for children	A migraine.
What are your favorite jokes for the Holidays	For those of us that struggle with our family perhaps this will help break the ice.
What's the difference between necrophilia and a pizza	Even if it is cold it's still good.
What do you call the place where parrots make  films	Pollywood!
What do you call a dwarf that was on fire	A lil smokey
What has 9 letters and makes everyone mad	Clickbait
What do Harvard and a virgin have in common	You try so hard to get in but 9 months later you regret you ever came.
What do you call a drummer who has lost one of his drumsticks	A conductor.
What did Jay Z call his girlfriend before they got married	His Feyonce.
What's the best nation in the world	Donation. What's the best city in the world? Generosity.
What do you call it when you have sex with a dwarf who has gender dysmorphia	micro trans action
What makes the ocean roar	You'd roar too if you had crabs on your bottom
What do you call a roaming caveman	A meanderthal
What shape gets rid of curses	A hexagon
What's the difference between a man on a unicycle wearing a tuxedo and a man on a bicycle wearing a tank top	Attire.
What do you call a pirate that pees on other people	Rrrrrrrrrrrr Kelly
What should you do when an elephant comes in your window	Swim.
What do you call a big fish that makes you an offer you can't refuse	The Codfather.
What is a SJW's least favorite element on the periodic table	Helium.
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink	Waattaaah!
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.
What's worse than a Jimmy John's full of dead babies	A Subway full of live ones.
What's a nymphomaniac's favorite candy bar	Almond joy.
What does a chauvinistic doctor use as a general term for women with high cholesterol	A Broad Stroke...
What kind of jeans does Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What sex act did the mobster offer his boss	A goodfellatio
Whats the point of calling it ""secret Santa""	Everyone knows that the person who gave you the gift is Santa.
What's the difference between a feminist and a chicken	The chicken likes the cock.
What did the old man get for his birthday	Cancer.
What do Ryan Giggs and Imogen Thomas have in common	I'm not allowed to tell you
What do you call a Pakistani with a vest on	Going to the gym, You. Racist.
What does the First Lady say to the President during sex	Oh yeah! Yeah! Do me in my Oval Orifice~!
What do you call a Jew with the pH level of 1	Hacidic!
What mistake have you made when your wife comes in from the kitchen to yell at you	Made her chain too long.
What came first, the chicken or the egg	(dirty) The Rooster. (   )
What's the object of a Jewish football game	To get the quarter back!
What dictator had the best bureaucracy	Idi Admin.
What did the libertarian shirt say when it was thrown into the washing machine	AM I BEING DE-STAINED?!
What's large, black and steals your credit cards	Sony Playstation
Whats better	Virtual porn or 4K porn? Neither you pervert...
What's the only difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball	I can only fit 3 fingers in a bowling ball
What do you call a chocolate cake	? A dindonuffin muffin
What is dead on its back, 100 feet in the air	A dead centipede.
What do you call an antelope that wants a big wedding	Cantelope
What do you call an Ent prince who betrays his dad	Treason
What did the Bra say to the Hat	You go on ahead while i give these two a lift.
What word starts with N and ends with R and you never want to call a black person	Neighbor
What do you call a prostitute that is bad at their job	Whorrible.
What do we want	An Iphone for fat fingers! When do we want it? BOW!
What newspaper do cows read	The Daily Moos.
What did one Redditor say to another	[removed]
What did the New Zealand naval officer say to his crew	All hands on dick....
What if animals ""were"" injured in the making of a film. Do they list that in the credits	Tim hurt one monkey. He is very sorry.
What do you call gummy semites	Chews!
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite sport	NASCAR, because it's always heading to the left.
What is the difference between a rectal thermometer and a regular thermometer	The taste.
What did Bob Ross do after eating a fair of fickled feffers	He fainted.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other	See you next month.
What do you call a crossdressing nanny in Martha's Vineyard	A Nantucket.
What is the Highest Proof of Tequila	Juan Fifty Juan
What do you call the director of Kill Bill out in the sun	Squintin' Tarantino
Q: What do the bathroom doors at the funeral home say	A: His and Hearse.
What does a 75 year old pussy taste like	Depends.
What's the difference between jokes and dicks	Your mom hates jokes.
What do you call a friendly helicopter	A hello-copter
What did the nun wear to the casino	Her gambling habit.
What's the different between E.T. and a refugee	E.T. learned English and wanted to go home
Q: What goes click-click-click...""Did I get it	A: Ray Charles doing Rubik's Cube
Q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney	A: You're too young to smoke.
What does the ""L"" stand for in Samuel L. Jackson	Motherfucking It stands for motherfucking
What did the fish say when it hit a wall	DAM.
What's the worst part about running a gay pirate ship	There's always seamen on your poopdeck!
What do you call it when...	What do you call it when you photograph childbirth? Child bornography.
What did the painting on the wall say to the cop	I've been framed!
What's a zombie's morning routine	Shit, shower, grave.
What do you call an illegal wristwatch trade	A wrist-ky buisness.
What do reddit fans and Apple fans have in common	They both like seeing the same thing a year later.
What's the difference between a dead hooker and a Ferrari	I didn't lose my virginity to a Ferrari.
What do a Tupperware designer and a horny walrus have in common	They're both looking for a tight seal.
What does a Drake fan with AIDS get tattooed on his back	If you're reading this it's too late.
What does a blueberry do at a party	The Anti-oxy-dance
What's big, black and loaded with aids	A new Cadillac Escalade with cruise control, lane alert, navigation, downhill descent control and parking assist.
What does a constipated virgin think about this punchline	He doesn't give a fuck or a shit.
Q: What is the difference between a trumpet  soloist and King Kong	A: King Kong is more sensitive.
What did the left ass cheek say to the right ass cheek	Whose the asshole in the middle.
What's it called when you apologize using dots and dashes	Remorse code
What do you call a drunk Muslim	Hammad. What do you call a really drunk Muslim? Mohammad
What's the worst part about being a pedophile	Getting the blood out of your clown suit.
What reddit page has that link/picture you're looking for	The next page.
What is the difference between Reddit and children's television	Children don't throw tantrums when there's a rerun of some content.
Q: What do Bill Clinton and a fifteen-watt light bulb have in common	A: Neither one is very bright.
What did the Eskimo children sing when their principal was leaving	Freeze a Jolly Good Fellow.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye Matey!
What do you call someone on the borderline of being diagnosed with a borderline personality disorder	An asylum seeker.
What do you call an actor from Alabama that is forced by contract to play a certain character in a production	Role tied.
What are the first 3 words in every authentic Mexican recipe	Steal a chicken
What do you call a Belgian with a cold	Phlegmish
What did the Romans say to each other after crucifying Jesus	Nailed it!
What dog can jump higher than a building	Anydog, buildings can't jump!
What`s the definition of a misogynist	A man who hates every bone in the female body... except his own.
What's the difference between a Stormtrooper and a Zoo Keeper	The Storm Trooper would have missed harambe
What did the blind guy say when he walked past Red Lobster	Hi, Ladies!
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Ruberto.
What do you call a gay geologist	Substrate.
What do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors	Ereptile dysfunction
What's the best thing to come out of Oklahoma	Southbound 35.
What the difference between... a dead dog in the road and a dead Frenchman in the road	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
What's the worst kind of incompetent	Leader.
What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear	A wind tunnel.
What the diffrence between a boy scout and a jew	The boy scout comes home from camp
What's the penis from Bill Gates like	Micro and soft.
What do you call a colorful nipple	Areola Borealis.
What do you call it when you said a redneck on fire	A firecracker
What's the difference between a high-wire circus trapeze act and the Rockettes	One is a fantastic display of cunning stunts while the other is a fantastic display of stunning cunts
What did the homeless man get for Christmas	Hypothermia
What's long and black	The unemployment line.
What happened to the Native American who drank too much tea	He died in his teepee
What belongs to me but is used the most by others	My ex-wife
What kind of coat does a vampire wear in the rain	A wet one.
What's the difference between a  schoolteacher and a train driver	A schoolteacher says ""Spit out that toffee"" and a train says ""Choo choo.
What do a tornado and a black man have in common	They both can ruin a neighborhood.
What is it	It has wings, but it doesn't fly, it has a beak, but it doesn't peck, it has legs, but it doesn't walk. What is it? A dead crow
What do you call a Scottsman with a sniper rifle	Fiction.
What's a orphans favorite ice cream flavor	Banana Foster
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and the real thing	The picture of Jesus only takes one nail to hang up .
What is Jesus' favorite workout	Crossfitting
What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go	Flabio
What do witches eat at Halloween	Spook-etti Halloweenies Devil's food cake and Boo-berry pie.
What's worse than a worm in your apple	The holocaust. What's worse than that? TWO worms in your apple!
What's Ned Stark's favorite cereal	Raisin Bran
What will they now call hormonally-induced knockers on men	broosts
What song does a car radio play	A cartoon (car tune).
What does an alcoholic do when he is out of beer	Wine
What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice cream	Sure, Bert!
What is the healthiest college	Rice
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See ya next month.
What do you call a pair of sadomasochists who break up as soon as the going gets tough	Fair leather friends
What did the farmer say after he fed his cows pot	the Steaks are high.
What's the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents you're gay.
What do you call a black woman who has an abortion	A crime fighter
What is a frog's favourite website	REDDIT
What's the most sensitive part of a man's body when masturbating	His ears.
What do you call a crippled kid locked in a hot car	Steamed Vegetable.
What burns longer, a red or a green candle	Neither, they both burn shorter.
What is a goal keepers favourite snack	Beans on post!
What do you call a Mexican that acts like a white person	A wiener
What is the most successful spinoff ever made	The Bible
What do you call Batman when he ditches church	Christian Bale
What kind of fruit tells the best jokes	A punkin. Edit: and apparently not me.
What kind of doctor deals with pussies	A whinecologist.
What would a Chinese person never eat, but a Mexican regularly eats incredulously	Pan *duh*
What kind of bread do Rednecks like	Inbred
What do you get when you put two Beta Fish in the same tank	One Alpha Fish.
What do you call it when a rabbit tactfully jumps in front of a line	A nice hare cut
What does the US military and a fart have in common	Air Force
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut, YOU RACIST SON OF A BITCH!
What gets really high in Colorado	The average elevation.
What is the thinnest book in the world	What Men Know About Women...
What Do Twitter Users Call Themselves	Twats.
What is the most religious insect	A mosque-ito !
What caused the civil war in Ethiopia	Too many Negus.
What do you call a liquid that spent all its money dissolving solute	[in]solvent
What do you call all that useless meat around the vagina	A woman
Q: What do outlaws eat with their milk	A: Crookies.
What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 70	Your honor.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face	Finding out it was traced.
What subject did Dracula major in during college	AcCOUNTing This joke must be on a popsicle stick somewhere.
What is black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking after a house fire :).
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to Beethoven on the way to the fancy dress party	I'll be Bach
What's the difference between a preschool and a terrorist training camp	Don't ask me...I just fly the drones!
What slides in and out until it's balls are busted	Piston
What's long thin and smells of piss	Old people doing the conga.
Q: What did the finger say to the thumb	A: I'm in glove with you.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a dollar-fifty, and deer nuts are under a buck.
What do you call bears without ears	B.
What's the difference between pink and purple	The squeeze.
What do you call a natural blonde who dyes her hair	Artificial intelligence.
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute	A prostitute stops screwing you after you're dead.
What did the baby dolphin do when he didn't get his way	He whale-d
What do most Indian people have in common	They all like to Singh.
What nationality are Sprinters	They Russian. I'll also see myself out.
What's the difference between a pussy and a cunt	The pussy is the cute fuzzy thing and the cunt is what it's attached to.
What's the best part about dating a homeless chick	You can drop her off wherever.
What time is it in Brazil	Oh, it's 7 past Cesar
What's a sorority girls favorite camera	A Like uh
What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water	It might me a little to get hard, I just got laid by some chick. EDIT: ""take me a little while
What did the Pope say when he first saw the Shroud of Turin	Holy Sheet!
What nipple did the UFO crash land on	Areola 51
What do you get when you have a mothball in each hand	One happy big-assed moth!
what do you call a rodent that smokes weed	A Hemp-ster
What does a 9 volt battery have in common with a girls arsehole	You know its wrong but sooner or later your going to lick it.
What do you call a ghost that stays out all  night	Afresh air freak.
Q: What is the definition of gross ignorance	A: 144 blondes.
What do you call a town in the middle of the Arctic Ocean	An Iceburgh.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute	The prostitute stops screwing the client when they die. Source: eavesdropping on the legal counsel at work.
What is the opposite of a cold front	-A warm back
What did God say when Eve swim in the ocean for the first	He said, ""Oh great, now we'll never get that smell off the fish"".
What did Michael Fox bring to baby Jesus	Parkincense.
What's long, green, slimy and smells like pork	Kermit the frog's finger
What do you call someone who studied from the greatest teachers in the country, met the greatest scientists, academicians, friends in the country	Donald Trump
What did the banana say to the apple	Nothing. Fruits can't talk. Idiot.
What would Germans call a painfully offensive joke	Ouchwitz &gt;say ouch when offended or in pain &gt;Witz is the German word for joke &gt;sounds like auschwitz
What did the bad shock tell the good shock	I'm bad under pressure!! It's the lamest car joke in the world.
What's the difference between mashed potatoes and pea soup	You can mash potatoes, but you can't pee soup. (sorry sorry. Really. I've loved this joke since I was... oh.. six...)
What's the difference between U and I	J
What's the difference between toilet paper and a shower curtain	So you're the one!
What machine should I use at the gym to impress girls	The ATM
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	You call him a pilot you fucking racist.
What kind of porn does Smurfette make	Blue Cocky.
What is it called when you insult an Indian so bad that he bursts into flames	A Sikh burn
What does Garry Newman want to be when he grows up	Garry Oldman.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly a dick in your mouth.
What do you get when you mix gangsta rap and relational aesthetics	Albums released through California penal records.
What do a loading bar and my girlfriend have in common	Both equally inefficient at letting me know when they are actually ready.
what did the strong bee say to the weak bee	beehold my power
q: What's got four legs, is fuzzy and green, and would kill you if it came out of a tree at you	a: A pool table.
What do you call a duck that does drugs	A quack head!
What did Apply say to the iPhone 7	Hit the road, Jack.
What's the difference between the 2016 presidential debates and a pen of baboons relentlessly fighting over the dead stinking corpse of a sheep	Microphones!
What's the difference between a white nationalist and a racist	Two syllables.
What do you call someone who can masturbate with either hand	Ambidickstrous
What's green and sings	Elvis Parsley.
What do you call a big Eastern European sausage	Kielbasa (Often Pronounced Ca-Ba-Sa.)
What happened to the Denver Broncos in the Super Bowl	They had a MetLife crisis. (that's the name of the stadium)
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot you racist bastard.
What's an MLG's smartphone of choice	An HTC One M8.
What did the kid with no arms and no legs get for Christmas	Cancer
What did your last slave die of	A perforated colon.
What did the bolt say to the nut	Washer? I don't even know 'er!
What did the extremely super cool and awesome guy say to his equally super cool and awesome friend	Your *sup* is *bro*ing!
What does Snoop Lion do when he forgets to wear oven mitts	Drops it like it's hot.
What did the frog with internet addiction say	Reddit
What's the difference between an African American lesbian and someone flying a confederate flag	One's a black that hates dicks, the other's a dick that hates blacks.
What kind of operating system do horses use	None. Horses are not known to use operating systems nor computers for that matter.
What do wooden whales eat	A plankton.
What's the best thing about murder	Nobody remembers the rape.
What do you call a Chinese cameraman	Phil Ming
What's not 50% off today	Health insurance
What's green and invisible	This cabbage
What do you call a Mexican whose car has been stolen	Carlos
What happened why the grape was squished	It let out a little wine Eh....eh..eh
Q: What is a grasshopper	A: An insect on a pogo stick.
What do a woman and a bar have in common	Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
What is the difference between Issac Newton and the 5 year old i just stabbed to death	Issac Newton died a virgin.
What did the old fly say to the young fly	I've seen a lot of shit!
What did Picard say when Riker asked him what kind of Chinese food he wanted	Make it Tso's Number One.
What is the Arabic word for Priest	Infidel.
What's the difference between Yogurt and L.A.	Yogurt has a live and thriving culture.
What symphony is a pedophiles favorite	Mozart's magic flute in A minor.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It may take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
What do you call it when you forgot to use mouthwash, and it kills an otherwise pleasant evening	A ""no scope
What version of windows does Jesus use	XP Edit: [Explanation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chi_Rho)
What does a Jewish wife make for dinner	Reservations.
What does a bee from Asia do	Nepallinates flowers.
What's the most disgusting, distasteful international treaty organization	EU!
What's the difference between dead hookers and copper plumbing	I don't have copper plumbing 8n my crawlspace.
What do you call a speech so scary it makes you crap your pants	A dire rhetoric.
What do you call a short mexican	A paragraph, hes not a full essay yet.
What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians	One hundred people who don't do dick
What's the difference between a lawyer and a whore	` None. They both fuck people for a living.
What do men do after orgasm	1% Do it again 1% Go Smoking 1% Fall Asleep 97% Clear History EDIT: Punctuation
What do you call a baby in a concentration camp	Baby Powder.
What is Cersei Lannister's favorite American city	Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school	Bison.
What is the worst that can happen to an atheist caricaturist	To die as a martyr.
What piece of clothing is made overseas in an Asia country	Japanese
What does Ukraine have in common with the iPhone 7	They both suffered the loss of one very important port.
What kind of Mechanics fix and break your car at the same time	Quantum Mechanics.
What's worse than a paper titty	A cardboard box
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea	A salad shooter.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing. You already told her twice.
What do farts and children have in common	You love your own, but hate everyone else's.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a fridge	The fridge doesn't fart when you take out the sausage.
What do homosexuals and appliances have in common	They both turn on when plugged. And a difference? An appliance doesn't work when the plug is wet.
What do Santa Claus and Bill Cosby have in common	They both know when you are sleeping.
What do you call a group of people who hate Mexicans	Que Que Que
what does a good bar and a good woman have in common	Liquor in the front and poker in the back
What happened to the man running in front of a car	He got tired. The man running behind the car -- he got exhausted.
What is Paul Georges favorite place to eat at	IHOP
What shoes does Brad wear	Loafers!
What's the hardest thing to do in the morning	Peeing with a Boner
What do you call a seabird who's easily taken in	Gullible.
What did the Ethiopian Government say when the United States sent over 1 million condoms to promote safe sex	Thanks for the sleeping bags
What do you call the beginning of a porno	Prelude
What's the difference between a Philosophy major and a cashier at KFC	A job application.
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of pygmies	He tribe of pygmies is a cunning bunch of runts.
What's the German super hero called	Ale-Man
What's Whitney Houston's favourite form of coordination	HAAAAAND EYEEEEEEE!
What's the difference between an IRS audit and prison rape	In prison, you have a chance at getting a reach around
What do you call a robot doing the Gangnam Style dance	A Psy-borg.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I'm not going to jelly my dick in your ass.
What kind of dog can you milk	A titbull.
What do you get when you cross the CIA and the Republican Party	Shot in the head in Dallas.
What do you call a Jewish beer	A Hebrew
What do you call a fake record player	A phonygraph
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman	Snowballs!
What's the best way to eat a thanksgiving vegetable	Pick her up out of the wheelchair
What did one ghost say to another	I'm sorry but I just don't believe in people.
What was the name of the operation to catch Juaquin Guzman	El trapo.
What do you call a set of computer generated jokes	A comedy subroutine
What do you call a black woman who flies a plane	A pilot, you racist asshole.
What's the difference between KFC and /R/Jokes	What you get served at KFC is original.
What's one thing a girl can tell a guy that can make him happy and sad at the same time	Out of all of your friends you have the biggest dick.
What does a stock broker and a gym rat have in common	NEED MORE GAINS
What is the worst part about being black	You never know if your gums are bruised.
What does Hitler drink each morning	Some Jews
What does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac spend his time doing	Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
What did the /r/science mod say to the user	[removed]
What time does Andy Murray go to bed	Tennish!
What's the worst thing you can come across while browsing the Internet	Your keyboard.
What do you call a black man on the moon	An astronaut ..
What's worse than having a screaming child on your hands	Having half a screaming child on your hands.
What do you call a big pile of kittens	A meowntain.
What's the difference between purple and pink	The grip.
What do you get when you breed a Shih Tzu with a Poodle	A shit poo
What kind of bear is best	One that gets you an oscar
What do you call the richest person in the soup industry	A boullionaire
What do you call a gay doctor who went to college in France, married an Irishwoman and practiced medicine in Italy	A Fag
What did the comedy club proprietor say to the FedEx guy	The jokes are ok but you need to work on your delivery.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter he ain't commin
What do Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Seth Meyers and James Corden all have in common	Minority Bandleaders. Who says affermative action doesn't work.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a Xbox	They're both made of plastic, and little kids turn them on.
What do you call backup milk	*Secondairy*
What do you call a dog with no legs and metal balls	Sparky.
What do you call Floyd Mayweather a month before his fight	Floyd Aprilweather
What do you call a waffle that burps too much	A belchin waffle.
What do they say when you leave an abortion clinic in Germany	Al-fetus-zane
What did the Korean girl say about anal	Don't go in my thongoh
What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards	A receding hare-line!
What do you call an egotistical anorexic	A selfie stick.
What do women and condoms have in common	They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
What happens when you turn on a computer	You turn it's floppy disk into a hard disk
What's with girls having weird names nowadays	I recently slept with a girl and after sex she was like ""I'm Fifteen"" I was like that's nice I'm Daniel.
What invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts
What do you call Kosher ice	Iceberg
what do you call a cat in a blender	Meow Mix
What's the difference between a moose and an ant	A moose has antlers, but an ant doesn't have mooselers.
What do you call a spitting vampire	Spatula.
What's a British student's favourite drink	M.I.Tea
What goes eek eek bang	A mouse in a minefield !
What STD can you catch from Mayor McCheese	None, but you can get food poisoning.
What is the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits your windshield	Its asshole.
What repulsive awful thing can be found in a black persons clothes	The black person.
What's the difference between a sweatshirt and a jacket	I don't sweatshirt 3 times a day.
What does a cannibal without a kitchen eat	Raw men
What do you call a female deer that's pickled	A dill doe
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick into your asshole.
What do you call a phantom by a campfire	A toasty ghosty
What did Jennifer Lawrence say to Julius Caesar	...""May the Ides be ever in your favor.
What's the difference between a Mercedes and a bunch of dead babies	I don't have a Mercedes in my garage.
What were the last words of the explorer who discovered the Boa Constrictor	Can't...breathe...
What do you call a Mexican guy with one rubber toe	Roberto
Whats the most common work of fiction	The average persons resume
What did the comedian eat on Easter	Hot cross puns.
What did God say to the inventor of the didlo	If you build it, they will cum.
What is the difference between a young man and an old man	The young man shampoos his head and soaps his ass, the old man soaps his head and shampoos his ass.
What is the most confusing holiday in Harlem	Father's Day.
What did Star Trek teach millions of kids	To boldly split infinitives!
What has 4 legs, 2 grey and 2 brown	an elephant with diarrhea
What do you call a dinosaur with herpes	...a Cankersaurus!
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear	White Vans.
What fruit/vegetable doesnt leave your body through the anus	A Stomato
What do you call it when you second guess your decision to book a stay at a Native American resort	A reservation reservation reservation. Credit to Brian Regan, this is my favorite joke of his!
What did the Cherokee-Polish couple name their firstborn	Running Stupid
What do you call an American white guy in a Christmas sweater	A Christmas cracker
Q: What illness are you suffering from if you keep seeing cartoon animals who talk	A: Disney spells.
What's the best way to bring out your inner child	A coat hanger
What did the muslim man say when he arrived at his resort in Hawaii	Aloha Snackbar!
What's the official sports drink of the KKK	White Power-ade
What did one orphan say to another	Robin, get in the batmobile.
What do fat chicks do in the summer	Stink.
What do fish smoke	Seaweed!
What do fish smoke	Seaweed.
What do you call it when a baby tells you off	A fedis.
What do you call a caveman that goes walkabout	A Meanderthal.
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm	Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
What came first	The chicken, the egg or millions of years of evolution that are ignored by a stupid fucking idiom.
What does a pedophile and McDonald's have in common	They both have meat between 7-year-old buns.
What is the similarity between an airplane and a woman	The cockpit
What's small and got 7 dents in it	Snow White's cherry
What is posthumous work	Something written by someone after they are dead !
What did Einstein say when he was pulled over for speeding	Speed is relative, officer.
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you	Run! She has a grenade in her mouth!
What animal has more lives than a cat	A frog...because it croaks every night
What is a group of porn stars called	A Gaggle.
What do you call a black guy in a cockpit	A pilot, you racist bastard.
What did the chemist say when he found 2 isotopes of helium	HeHe
What's a meth head's favourite thing about Halloween	Only two more sleeps till Christmas!
Q: What happened when Bill Clinton got a shot of testosterone	A: He turned into Hillary!
What did the dwarf say to the drunk prostitute	. High hoe, high hoe...
What does DNA stand for	the National Dyslexic Association!
What's better than a vase of roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What's the best part about having a hooker die on you	The second hour is free.
What do you call a fat psychic	A four chin teller.
What does the country of Brazil and tent sex have in common	Camp penis.
what's a resistance pilot's favorite mathematical activity	solving for x wing. what do more advanced resistance pilots do? solve for x and y wing at the same time.
Whats the most obvious feature shared by a leprechaun and a sober Irishman	Neither exist.
What do you call a group of rabbits backing up	A Receding hairline
What's green, slimy and smells like bacon	Kermit the frogs finger (shoutout to Hesher)
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	A dictator ha....ha.......I'll be leaving now
Q: What does Clinton have in common with his Hollywood pals	A: They all make a living by lying to people.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long	Polaroids
What is red and crawls up your leg	An abortion with homesickness.
What do you call a singer gently swaying from one side to another	A rocking Cher.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane for a living	A pilot you fucking racist!
What does a pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common	They both get to smell it but neither of them can eat it.
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Mould them into a tire, and call it a GoodYear
What happens if you violate Reddit's content policy	[removed]
What do you call white people on a bench	The NBA
What is an Italian's favorite type of breakfast	*Serie-a*l
What do you get when you put an idiot's brain in a female golden retriever	A dumb blonde bitch.
What do you call an unusual rabbit	A rare hare.
What's used to calculate binomial coefficients and eaten on Passover	A Paschal Triangle!
Whats the difference between Mashed Potatoes and Pea Soup	Anyone can mash potatoes!
What is Aladdin's favorite Pokemon	Magikarp. So he can take Jasmine to a Magikarpet Ride.
What did the reverend say before eating his salad	Lettuce Pray.
What do you call a news anchor with diarrhea	Anderson Pooper
What do gay Japanese jocks give each other	Brojobs.
What do you call a dog that can find something that's not there	A Labracadabrador
What did the leper tell the prostitute	You can keep the tip
What did Abe Lincoln say to the judge when he asked how he pleas	I'm in a cent.
What do Asians meeting up at their favorite Chinese take-out say	Where my dogs at?
What do a baseball and a Mexican have in common	The harder you hit it the more English you get
What happens when so-and-so step in the neutrino's urine	He develops LEPTONspirosis.
What kind of bees give milk	Boobies.
What's the first thing a woman does after leaving spousal abuse therapy	The dishes, if she knows what's good for her!
What do you call it when Superman craps his pants	Undy-terd.
What's wrong with a broken alphabetizer	It's out of order.
What do you call a guy who wears two condoms	Justin Case
What do you call a man with a car on his head	Jack
What does a stripper do with her asshole before she goes to work	She drops him off at band practice.
What do a moving bus and a dead vibrator have in common	You can't get off.
Q: What kind of spy hangs out in department stores	A: A counter spy.
what nation do most people not want to be in	urination
What did Satan name his new bar	The BeelzebPub
What's Moby Dick's Dad's name	Papa Boner
What do you call a dirty puddle on a slab of cold concrete in dim, gloomy light	A sunny day in Seattle.
What do you call a lesbian with huge thumbs	Well-endowed. http://img487.imageshack.us/img487/3628/ellenplaidshirt022ex9.jpg
What should you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	? Slow down and maybe use some lube...
What do you call a rape in the military	A flashbang.
What did Sandy say when she came to New York	I come to this great city with great intentions.
Q: What do you get when you cross a tiger with a cabbage	A: Man-eating coleslaw.
What nickname did the police give to the new  blonde woman police officer	A fair cop.
What's worse than having ants in your pants	Uncles
What is the name of the bear capitol	Koala Lumpur
What's Santas favorite band	Sleigher.
What's E.T. Short for	Cause he's got small legs......
What type of file would you use to make a small hole bigger	PedoPHILE
What do you call it when someone is mistaken about you having a penis	A phallusy
What is the difference between a pile of dead babies and a porn stash	My porn stash isn't enough to get me off anymore.
What happened to the thick yellow liquid that committed a crime	It was taken into custardy.
What's the name of a musical collaboration between Shia LaBeouf and a Judge	A just duet.
What's the difference between new cops and old cops	New Cops: Belly with abs. Old Cops: Belly with Fats.
What do your mother and the ground have in common	They are always full of seed.
What does a bucket of KFC and a whore have in common	After you're done with the breasts and thighs, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
What happens when the fog clears in California	UCLA
What do you want to be when you graduate high school	No more than 25"" from Gary Muledeer
what do asians do when they have an erection	they vote...
[Possible GOT Spoilers] What's Rickon Stark's favourite band	One Direction
What do sprinters eat before a race	Nothing... they fast.
What do Kermit the Frog and Henry the Eighth have in common	They share the same middle name.
What do you call a Clinton with no legs	Doesn't matter. She won't come. Edit: oops, wrong type of Bitch.
What's small, gray, and came in little cans	Michael Jackson.
What do black guys have that's double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman	Their criminal record.
What's the difference between light and hard	I can go to sleep with a light on.
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Rabbit farts
What kind of database does a Pokedex use	PokeMongoDB
What's black on top and white at the bottom	Rape.
What do the chronically late have in common with sex traffickers	They both ""run behind"".
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree	Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job
What kind of limes open doors	Key limes.
What do you call Batman when he skips church	Christian Bail
What do you call five black man having sex	A threesome.
What is it called when a duck kills another duck	Quack on quack crime.
What's Emperor Palpatine's favorite kind of cheese	Gouda, gouda...
What's the difference between a moan and a scream	About 3 inches
What did the Navy battleship captain say to his first mate during a skirmish	[OC] I think I'm feeling C6
What's the best hour to book a dental appointment	Tooth hurty.
What's the best month for dating	Sep-tinder!
What do you call a man with a blood-covered axe with necklaces made of fingers running towards you	Why the fuck are you still thinking what to call him? Run and get the cops!
What's long, hard, and has cum in it	... a cuCUMber.
What do you call an amorous vampire	A neck-romancer
Q: What do you say to a Blonde that won't give  in	A: ""Have another beer.
What do you a Mars with water	Wars
What's another name for dick pics	Junk mail!
What's a Dungeons and Dragons player's favorite rap group	D12
What is it called when you crack an egg and two yolks come out	An anomalette
What do you call a fish that makes you an offer you can't refuse	The Codfather. (_)
What did the hat say to the scarf	You hang around while I go on ahead. Credit goes to a Laffy Taffy wrapper from some years ago.
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist	A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush.
What family history website do rednecks use	Incestry.com
What happens if Usain Bolt misses his bus	He waits for it at the next stop.
Whats the most important aspect of gun safety to practice around a feminist	Trigger discipline
What rhymes with Orange	No it doesn't.
What's the difference between a woman and bacon....	You can't beat bacon....!
What do they call a rant in Australia	A Fuck-filled Platitude
What do you call someone who knows a lot about sea life	An Afishionado You're welcome!
What does a widow say when she wakes up	Mourning
What did the blind man say when he walked passed the fish aisle in the supermarket	Good morning, ladies.
What do you call someone who sells sex in exchange for spaghetti	A pastatute.
What sound does a grape make when you step on it	Just a little wine
What do you call a shirt you hate	*Cloathed*
What do you call a man who's on fire	Bernie.
What does Michael Bolton say when he walks into an elevator	This place rocks!
What's got two legs and bleeds	half a dog [Derek, s01e05]
What do you call a female clown	April Fools
What did Luke Skywalker say to his sister's bully	Don't you Leia finger on her
What do you call an Arab flying a plane	A pilot
What is the common trait between men and snow	You don't know how many centimeters you'll get, neither how long will it last.
Whats 12 inches long and drives women crazy	[NSFW] A still born...
What is the worst part about going to Auschwitz	Your dreams are not the only thing going up in smokes.
What's he difference between Santa Claus and a Jew	Santa goes *down* the chimney.
What do you call an electro-food	(it's giga-bite!) yeah it was giga bite yeah you're right yeah giga bite that was it giga bite it!!
What does the hungry monster get after he's  eaten too much ice cream	More ice cream!
What do you call a baby born feet first	a c-section.
What do you call a radio host with a broken leg	Maggie *Limpton* ~~Most people probably won't get this, but eh.~~
Q: What is your least favorite force of nature	A: Gravity. It's always bringing me down.
What does a blonde do when her computer freezes	She puts in in the microwave.
What does someone have if they laugh at other people's eyes	Aqueous humour.
What does a whistle-blower do during a Russian blizzard	Nothing, he's Snowden.
What did the Chinese government say about the air pollution	Suck it up!
What does a feminist get when she can't afford a punching bag	A boyfriend.
What do they call Independence Day in France	A Royale-free with cheese! (Happy [Bastille Day](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastille_Day)!)
What type of knot do you tie in space	An astronaut.
What do you get when you mix T and C	Angry British people!
What do you call a room full of comatose people	A salad.
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle	The polar bear.
What do you call playing a woodwind instrument and eating fast food while driving an f1 car	A McClarenet.
What do you call an ant from overseas	Impartant
What is the difference between sex and LEGO	If you don't know you should stick to the LEGO!!
What did the police man say when he arrested the remote control that beat up his wife	'I charge you with battery'
What do you call it when you cover your penis in postage stamps	Junk mail. (Credit to one if my FB friends)
What did Helen Keller's friend say to her	(offensive) You should try blind dating.
What did the cat say when he lost all his money	I'm paw !
What do you call a jewish man	By his name
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women.
What did the frog with the speech impediment say	Thibbit
What does a black man do after sex	15 years to life
What is Romeo and Juliet's least favorite fruit	Can't- elope!
What do you call immigrants in Sweden	Swede-ish
What's even worse than five dead babies in a dustbin	One dead baby in five dustbins.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits.
What's the difference between a toilet and a drummer	A toilet only has to deal with shit from one asshole at a time.
What's the worst part of an NFL wedding	Getting hit by Rice
What's the difference between golfers and skydivers	Golfers: *smack* Shit! Skydivers: Shit! *smack*
What's the definition of a will	(Come on, it's a dead giveaway!)
What do Iron Man's giggles sound like when he's sucking on a helium balloon	He fe he fe he fe.
What is the difference between a feminist and a machist	The second lacks the hypocrisy of the first.
What do you call a camel with three humps	Pregnant
What did the sergeant say to the corporal	I need to see your privates.
What do you call a root vegetable that spins on it's axis	A *rotato*...
What do you put in an oragami gun	Paper clips.
What do you call it when a gorilla takes martial arts lessons	Kong-fu
What do you call a man with no arms and legs that falls into a body of water	Bob.
What do dwarves and hipsters have in common	(just made this joke up, help me if I can word it better) They're underground, and it's hard to tell males from females. or something like that =)
Whats the month people get most drunk in	Febrewery
What did adam say to eve	Let's save humanity.
What do you get when you cross a Star Wars ship with math	A Pi fighter
What do you call a black guy with a fan	Antique air conditioner.
What happened to the blind circumciser	He got the sack.
What's the difference between an old bus station and a lobster with a boob job	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean!
What type of car does a Loch ness monster Drive	A nissan [tree fiddy](http://www.motorstown.com/images/nissan-350-z-coupe-02.jpg)
What does a baby mouse say to its mother after seeing a bat	Look mom, an angel!
Whats it called when you 69 with someone who is sitting in a wheelchair	Meals on wheels
Whats the difference between an anal thermometer and an oral thermometer	The taste
What's the Mexican version of the Klan	Que Que Que
What do you call a bolshevik in a hurry	A rushin' russian.
What do you call a gay with a large asshole and a lesbian with a strap-on	A wife and a husband. (My gay friend told me this joke).
Whats the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year old	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window
What do you call an Asian Pothead camping in Yellowstone	A Yellowstoner.
What noise does a ceiling fan make	GO CEILING!!! WHOOOHOOO!!!! YOUR NUMBER ONE!! YAY, CEILING RULES!!!
What do you call a cow woth a twitch	Beef Jerky
What's white and can't climb a tree	A refrigerator. Sorry.
What's yellow on the outside and grey on the  inside	An elephant disguised as a banana !
Whats the difference between a man and a government bond	The bond matures.
What do you call a court case in which an immigrant is suing over sexual harassment	*Alien v. Predator*
What French city always surrenders first	Toulouse
What's a Hater, Homophobe, Racist, Bigot, and Sexist	Any conservative winning an argument with a liberal, Democrat or 'progressive'.
What do you call a disabled paedophile	A creepy crawly
What do you call a boat that won't float	Bloated.
What do you call a black guy that you can't see at night	Incognegro.
What do Mexicans cut their pizza with	Little Caesars
What has 9 arms and sucks	Led Zeppelin
What Do You Call an Ethiopian with A Piece of Lettuce on His Head	A Quarter Pounder.
What snake do get when cross a calculator with a steam engine	A puff-adder
What's the only part of a vegetable you can't eat	The wheelchair...
What's the best thing about picking up a homeless chick	It doesn't matter where you drop them off.
What did the tsunami say to Japan	.. ... nothing, it waved. Happy Thursday all.
What do you call a bird that drunkenly conveys a compelling perspective on racial hatred	Tequila Mockingbird.
What's the difference between rape and vehicular manslaughter	It's harder to eat a plate of ribs during a rape.
What is the difference between a priest and a zit	A zit wait to come on your face till your 13
What can turn a fox into an elephant	A marriage certificate.
What do you call a Mexican without his car	Carlos
What's blue, and smells like red paint	Blue paint
What do you call a nun with a washing machine on her head	Sister-Matic
What is Error 619	When your kid sleeps in between.
What is Hitler's least favorite beverage	Juice.
What do Ethiopians have in common with Yoko Ono	They both live off dead beetles
What's brown and rhymes with ""snoop""	Dr. Dre
what't the difference between a US election and a bunch of sly midgets	[NSFW] one is a bunch of cunning runts and the other is a bunch of running cunts.
What's a rapists favorite meal	Spaghetti-No's I'm sorry.
What do you call a Mexican midget	A paragraph, because he is not a full essay!!!
What's the difference between a 19th century slave and a 21st century unpaid intern	No, seriously, I want to know.
What do you call a pig that's a lumber jack	Well you call him porkchop
What do you call a cow that's cold and angry	BURRRR...GERRRRRRR edit: Thought of this last night when eating my burger and my friend said that the burgers were cold, lol.
What do peasants do in their spare time	They serf
What's long, green, and smells like bacon	Kermit's middle finger.
Whats the difference between a black guy in jail and a caged birth	The bird doesn't feel he's home.
What do you call a nun that works for your company	Nun of your business.
What does Korean food taste like	Chinese food.
What's the best thing about sex with 21-year-olds	There are 20 of them.
What's white on top and black on bottom	Society. Whats black on top and white on bottom? rape.
What would happen if The Styx and The Stones got a band together	It wood rock.
What do you call a Chinese man with a bad sense of direction	Wong Wei
What's the difference between your child and your husband	At least you can leave your child alone with the babysit
What's the most common view of porn	In HD.
What do you call a burger that merged with a laptop	*A big mac*
What's the most obvious name you can give a Panda	Pan, duh!
What did the rock say to the other rock	Im hard
What did your mom's leg say to her other leg	Nothing; they've never met.
What did the mother of the guy who broke his arms say at the beginning of every 'session'	ssh bby is ok
What's the difference between Jesus and Sasha Grey	The look on their face while being nailed.
What do you call an acid trip so hard that it gives you visions of the future	Psychic-delic.
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and shakes	A nervous wreck.
What do your sister and snow have in common	I plow both.
What do you give a sick microbe	Primordial soup
What gun do you use to hunt a moose	A moosecut!
What do you call Batman when he skips out on church	Christian Bale.
What do you call a teacher who doesn't fart in public	A private tooter!
What's the difference between a gang of pygmy's and a women's track team	One is a Cunning group of Runts.....
What did the maths homework website say to the geometry website	Boy do we have problems.
What do you call when a blonde dyes her hair brown	Artificial Intelligence
What was the radioactive senior citizen's super power	Gramma Rays
whats the difference between me and the bible	i'm easy to read
What's the difference between a BMW and a pair of Dockers	You can only fit one asshole in a pair of Dockers.
What did one strawberry say to the other strawberry	If you hadn't been so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!
What does an expensive circumcision have in common with a cheap circumcision	They're both a rip-off.
What did the Jew say to Kim Kardashian's booty	Isreal?
What happens if an elephant comes through your letterbox	Swim for it.
What did the penguin say to the polar bear	Nothing, penguins live in the south pole and polar bears live in the north pole. TROLOLOLOL
What did the army recruiter say to the gay wizard	Don't ask don't spell.
What's the best insult you can say to someone	You are very disagreeable.
What do vegetables say when they go to party's	TURNUP!
What does every clean nose have	Fingerprints.
What did one tonsil say to the other	Get dressed a doctor is taking us out to night.
What did the boy fish say to his girlfriend	'Your plaice or mine' !
Q: What do you get when you drop a piano down a  mine shaft	A: A flat minor.
What kind of meat do you give a stupid dog	Chump chops !
What do you call Shia LaBeouf's alter ego	Inertia.
What do you call a poorly made massive dumpling	A wanton one-ton wonton.
What did Captain Kirk do when his girlfriend told him she had a defecation fetish	William Shat-on-her
What did our parents do to kill boredom before the Internet	I asked my 26 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.
What do terrorists say to their sister	H'Isis
What's the difference between america and a bottle of milk	In 200 years the milk will have developed a culture
What article of clothing is round and rubbery	Attire.
What did they say about the burger who went skiing for the first time	How the meaty have fallen!
What's a procrastinator's favorite punchline	I'll tell you tomorrow
What do caves have	Echosystems. From my 9 year-old.
What's the internal temperature of a tauntaun	Luke Warm. May the 4th Be With You!
What is the difference between men and women	A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need...A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. DRE
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	Tennish
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver	The golfer goes: thwack.... ""Oh fuck"".
What do Greeks call someone when the most common consonant in their name is R	A rho-man
What Did Cinderella say to the prince when she got to the ball	Grgggll
What is Chris Brown's new girlfriends' name	Beats Me
What grocery store does Charlie Sheen frequently visit	Rite Aid
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	Nothing. They're both on Reddit EVERY FUCKING DAY.
What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic	A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a Scottish lady that wears nothing but a tie	Hentai.
What do you call a Russian airliner that goes down over Egypt	Karma.
What did the homeless man say to Barack Obama	Can I have some 'change'?
What's honey mustards least favorite holiday	Cinco de Mayo
What did the rock say when he went metamorphic	Holy schist.
What time does Sean Connery show up to wimbledon	Tennish
What do you call a row of boxers	A punchline.
What happens every year when the Time Square Ball drops	Justin Bieber gets jealous.
What's the difference between jam and jelly	You can't jelly a dick up a butt.
Whats Lil' Johns Favorite magazine	OK!
What's the difference between Kim and Robert K	Robert never got a famous black guy off all by himself ...
What game do little cows like to play	Moonopoly.
What did Iocaste say to Oedipus when he dropped his plate	You dumb motherfucker!
What flavor do termites like best	Chair-y
What was the parrot doing in prison	It was a jail-bird !
What do you call a Christian who visits shrines	A roamin' Catholic.
What do you call a fast country	I ran. Which one is faster? Rush sia. How about d fastest? E jeep. No? K
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit's finger
What's six feet tall, black and screaming	Stevie Wonder, answering the Iron.
What do you call it when you kill someone with your bad breath from a long distance away	No scope
What do you call the only wood that doesn't float	Natalie.
What type of food do firefly's love to eat	Light food.
What do necrophiliacs and alcoholics have in common	They both like to crack open a cold one
What do kinky ghosts enjoy	Boo-kake
What do you call a swimming hole in the middle of a farm	A rural pool.
What is the greatest right given to Muslim women	The right to remain silent.
What were the Virgin Islands called, after Chuck Norris visited them	The Islands
What do you call a man who used to like tractors	An extractor fan!
What's the worst part about being a black Jew	You have to sit at the back of the oven
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bustation the other is busty crustacean.
What's a superheroes favorite narcotic	Heroine
What do you call a dissection performed by drunks	An Autipsy.
What do you call a bear that's been in the rain	A drizzly bear, of course
What do girls and noodles have in common	They both wiggle when you eat them
What's the expiry date on plastic	[81](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/UYwYdFdoecA/0.jpg)
What do you get when you cross a sheep and a kangaroo	A wooly jumper.
What is the richest beverage	Juice.
What type of shoes does a ninja wear	Sneakers.
What is white and disturbs your lunch	An avalanche
What did John Wilkes Boothe's stage partner wish him on the day of that tragic night	Break a leg. So he jumped off the balcony... Sorry that I am not funny.
What is gay pride	A group of homosexual lions
What did the bisexual sperm say in the morning	UGH!! I WANTED EGGS BUT THIS TASTES LIKE ASS!!
What's wrong with the plane that flies to Holland	It Netherlands.
What do you call someone who thinks Vikings are the best	a Norsissist.
What kind of donuts will Bruce never eat again	Krispy Kreme.
What is China's favorite ice cream flavor	Licorice
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms	One's a Goodyear, the other's a great year.
What's the difference between Caitlyn Jenner and two kids playing catch at the park	I actually give a shit if the kids lose their balls.
Q: What color is a cheerleader	A: Yeller.
What do fake news sites and porn subreddits have in common	No source.
What did Plaxico Burress say when he read Colin Kaepernick's Tweets	Man, this guy just keeps shooting himself in the foot"".
What do an elephant and a giraffe have in common	They are both gray except for the giraffe.
What disease do donkey's get from eating too much fast food	Aspergers..
What's the quickest way to a woman's heart	The rib cage.
What do you call a sexy cousin	87.5% unrelated. (Shamelessly stolen from [Two Guys and Guy](http://www.twogag.com/archives/3023))
What did the flower couple call their two babies	Poli, Nate
What does the high elves call Gandalf	Methrandir
What's the difference between a walrus and a vagina	One has thick whiskers and smells like fish. The others a WALRUS.
What do you call a lesbian prostitute	A rug hooker.
What do Apple and the US economy have in common now	No Jobs
What's Hitler's favourite cany	Nazipan
What does your s*** smell like	Freedom.
What's a Sikh's favourite kind of joke	A Nanak Nanak joke.
whats 12 inches long and snaps a cunt	a selfie stick.
What kind of trails does a crazy person travel	Psychopaths. (I hate myself)
what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped his ass
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole	A ten foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.
What do you say when a corrupt Soviet takes a bathroom break right before war	Now you're just Stallin.
What is the opposite of Polygamy	&gt; What is the opposite of Polygamy? Monotony
What did the alphabet have before it took a shit	A vowel movement.
What does Santa call it when Mrs. Claus gives him road head	Getting sleighed.
What does Santa call his English Elves	Subordinate clauses. ... I'll see myself out.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a baby	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
What does a self-conscious vampire say	I'm going to suck..
What do Polar Bears and Black Men have in common	They're real cute when they are young but at a certain age they start getting scary.
What do you call an Asian gold digger	Cha Ching
What is the difference between 'light' and 'hard'	I can sleep with a light on.
What's the difference between sperm and lawyers	Sperm have a 1 in 3,000,000 chance to become a human being.
What do you get when you convince a gorilla to have sex with a pig	Fired from the zoo, apparently.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a mountain climber	Nothing, you can't cross a vector and a scalar.
What did the terrorist send in the mail	A CAIR package.
What do you call a cow with 2 legs	Lean beef.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang rape
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	A cease and desist.
What is a pedophile's favorite guitar chord	A minor
What's a Greek's favorite color of sky	Golden Dawn
Whats the difference between a Polish woman and a hockey goalkeeper	? A hockey goalie changes his pads after 3 periods
What's Hitler's least favorite planet	Jupiter
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch	Names.
What starts with a 'C', contains the letters U, N, and T, is hairy on the outside, and soft on the inside	A coconut!
Whats the difference between a mosquito and your mom	The mosquite stops sucking when I slap it.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my cock into my girlfriend's arse
What do you call an empty town after dinner	Desserted
Whats the difference between My computer and Paul Walker	I give a Fuck when my computer crashes
What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs	A condescending con descending
What do you call sex with a black person	Beastiality.
What is a Jedi's Favorite Italian Dessert	Obi-Wan....Cannoli!
What did Larry McMurtry say when his neighbor asked to borrow a bar of soap	He said ""Sure! I could loan some Dove"".
What do you call it when you dip poultry and beef in chocolate	Brown-chichen-Brown-cow
What did the Suicide Bomber think about the premature bomb Explosion	Wow this blew up.
What do you call a fat cop	A fuzz ball
What did sushi A say to sushi B	WASSA-B!!!
What do you call an owl escapologist	The great Hootini
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
What came first the chicken or the egg	Neither. The rooster came first.
What do you call it when Usain Bolt is standing next to your mom	A runner in scoring position.
What's a lesbian's favorite meal to cook	Nothing. Lesbians don't cook. They eat out.
Whats the difference between your Mom and the Pringles guy	I can't get my whole fist in the Pringles guy's can.
what's green and lives in the cupboard	? last year's hide and go seek champion
What was Bin Laden's favorite Football team	The New York Jets
What cologne do engineers wear	Elon's musk
What do 0/10 little boys enjoy	Catholic priests
What's the best type of monastery to send troublesome teens to	A Beenadickteen one
What does an elephant use for a tampon	A sheep.
What comes after fear but ends before sex	Funf!
What does a dyslexic Christian worship	Dog
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	See you next month
What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave	I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.
What does BMW stand for	Black man working
What do you call a seagull that catches you sleeping	A baegull.
What do gamers plant in their garden	Skill trees! **Dances wildly with top hat and cane**
What's the difference between a corn farmer with epilepsy and a prostitute with dysentery	One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.
What gets louder if you enter it from one end, but quieter if you enter it from the other	A howler monkey.
What do you call a Punjabi fellow stuck in the middle of a shark-filled ocean	Amandeep trouble.
What is the most popular ethnic snack among Programmers	NaN
What disease do police give black people	Glock coma
What do you call a very unfriendly, female dog	A cunt.
What came first	The chicken or the egg? Humans' ability to classify living organisms.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute	The prostitute will stop screwing you when you die.
What did 0 say to 8	Nice belt, shithead.
What do elves learn in school	The Elf-abet!
What does rare chicken meat taste like	Salmonella
What's the difference between my dick and a pitchfork	I can't stick my dick in 4 babies at once.
Whats the difference between a jew and a pizza	The pizza doesn't scream when it's being shoved into an oven
What's black and white and red all over	Police brutality.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	My ass! HAHAHAHA!
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, because they're both suck up bitches.
What's baked everyday and sells itself	bread
What doesn't float to the top when it dies	A day old reddit post.
What do a marriage and superglue have in common	They both form a bond in seconds, last (ideally) forever, and are dissolved by alcohol.
What do you get when you mix a penis and a potato	A dictator.
What do you tell a worried guitar	Don't fret
What's worse than being told by your doctor that you have gonorrhea	Being told by your dentist
What rock group has 4 dudes that don't sing	Mount Rushmore
What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog	We really do taste like chicken!
What do you call 4 chinese guys and 4 black guys standing in a line	A sprinkler, chink chink chink chink nigga nigga nigga nigga
What is the Hamburglar's favorite David Bowie song	Rebel Rebel!
What do you call someone who tortures you to death with boring wordplay and double entendres	PUNisher
What's your favorite preservative salt, vinegar, lemon	Mine's embalming fluid.
What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea	One shucks between fits...
What does an r/frog say	reddit, reddit
What does Bill Gates call his manhood	Microsoft.
What do you call a bodybuilding Mexican who's run out of protein	No whey Jose.
What did the psychopathic dry cleaner say to his victims	DYE, DYE , DYEEEEEEE!
what do you call a gay drive by	A fruit roll-up
What do you call Charlie Sheen's brother if he were a financial advisor	Emilio Investevez. Fun game/running joke friends in college used to play. Wondering if Reddit would enjoy the game too.
What does a cat say when its trapped in a box	Let MEEEOOOOOOOOWWWWWWt
what's the difference between time and ronaldo	time passes
What do you call fake spaghetti	Impasta.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day; anal sex makes your hole weak.
What do you call a Batman that leaves church before its over	A Christian Bale
What's the difference between Iron Man And Iron Woman	Iron Man is a superhero, Iron Woman is a command.
What do you call a black guy that flys a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What did the bull say to the green eyed cow	I can't get pasteurize.
What's the difference between a joke and 2 dicks	You can take 2 dicks.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	*Cough-Choke-Cough-Gag-Cough*
Whats the difference between acne and a priest	Acne waits until a boy's 14 to come on his face.
What do you call two lesbians in the closet	a liquor cabinet.
What do you call a frog that jumps half the distance to its destination every time	An asymptoad.
What did the duck say to the prostitute	Put it on my bill
What do you call a girl with a unibrow	Cuban
What is the definition of a menstrual period	A bloody waste of fucking time.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	...Dr. Dre
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce	Make seizure salad!
What do you call an emperor who's also a musician	A rock-czar
What do you call it when two gays fight	Fruit punch!
What's a spiders favorite way to learn	A webinar.
What do you get if you cross a dog and a film studio	Collie-wood !
What do you call a crisis where you're the same before and after	An identity crisis!
What is the best way for a pet shop to get business	Word of mouse.
What is brown and sticky	A stick
What should you never give to a Jewish person as a present	A dustpan.
What do a porn star and an IT security analyst have in common	Both do penetration testing.
What does a cow do after a break up	Mooves on.
What do you call it when a bear makes a complete rotation on both its longitudinal and lateral axes, causing it to follow a helical path	A bearl roll.
What's the best thing about punching twenty one years olds	There's twenty of them.
What does Isaac Asimov take when he has the flu	I, Robotussin.
What's the best part about fingering a Gypsy on her period	You get your palm read at the same time....
What kind of cereal does Microsoft make	Wind O's
What's the difference between a guitar player and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty five year olds	There are twenty of them.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler	Well, one is a racist, megalomaniacal, rabble-rousing buffoon and the other one is Adolf Hitler.
What is hard and six inches long	my pen is
What happens to a woman who falls down the stairs	Nothing, as long as she doesn't drop my beers
What is mother-approved and child-tested	Coat-Hanger Abortions
What's the difference between Texas and Russia	One's a disgusting cesspool full of paranoid, bigoted, anti-American sadists, and the other is really cold.
What is a pirates favorite letter	Many think it's R, but his first love be the C.
What do you call a plane on a secret mission	In disguise.
Whats Dj Khaleds Favourite Jetski Brand	Kawasakey
What do you call a fat lady that can tell your future	A four-chin teller
What do you call it when a criminal goes down an elevator	A con descending.
What did the lifeguard say to the hippie	You're too far out, man.
What sound does an emo cow make	Amumu
What did C say to E	She wants the D.
What's the difference between Stephen Harper and Rob Ford	One likes pipelines, and the other likes pipes *and* lines.
What part of New York has the most feminists	Manhatin'
What do you call a cop who doesn't shoot innocent black people	1. Acquitted 2. Fired, retired or expired
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery guy have in common	They can both smell it but they can't eat it.
What did the zero say to the eight	Nice belt!
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club	At the circus you see cunning stunts.
What the the electrician say to his buddy	Watts up?!
What does Trump have to do to win the election	Show off his erection.
What is black and yellow and buzzes along at  30000 feet	A bee is an aeroplane !
What's a three letter word for Hell	DMV.
What's the difference between a hooker and a politician	A hooker stops screwing you when you run out of money.
What is easy to get into, but hard to get out of	Addiction
What's the difference between a terrorist and a woman with PMS	You can negotiate with a terrorist.
What do you call gay couple	TOGAYTHER
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter	An irrelephant.
What do you call a guy who's into beastiality	Someone who really gets his head into the game.
What's a boxer's favorite part of a joke	The **punch**-line :)
What do you call a six sided shape that's missing	A hex-a-gone
What cheese does a piano princess eat	Mozart-rella!
What do you call an extraterrestrial cetacean	A Whalien.
What was the dentist doing in Panama	...Looking for the Root Canal
What is Bart Simpsons' favorite kind of fish	Stealhead!
What do you call an Itallian hooker	A pasta-tuite!
What Video Game do feminists LOVE to play	No MAN'S sky!
What will Melania Trump say to mexicans if her husband becomes president	Hello from the other side.
What does a gay horse eat	Heeeeeyy.
What's a scientist's favorite shade of blue	Cyan-tific.
What is a ghost boxer called	A phantomweight.
What is the clinical name of the surgical procedure performed on a transsexual woman transitioning into a man	Addadictomy
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store	A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
What did the allergic say after getting stung by a bee	Life's a bee-itch and then you die.
What Saudi funded event ended in a massive collapse on 9/11	Hillary Clinton's campaign.
What's the difference between a small bird	One of it's legs is a little smaller.
What do you call a rapper who's feeling bitter	NaClmore
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you	Run, she's got a grenade in her mouth.
What are some good 'your sister jokes'	Ones like: what's the difference between dinner and your sister? I wash my hands before eating dinner.
What did one piano say to another	CBA
What's long, hard and bendable and contains the letters p, e, n, i, s	Your spine Edit: Thanks guys, made it to the front page. Was my first joke and ~~penis~~ spine joke on Reddit.
What's a pirate's favorite element on the periodic table	Gold! (works better when told - most will interrupt with ""Arrrrrrrrrgon!"")
What was the name of Europe's most famous Jewish knight	Sir cumcised
What's a Pirate's favorite letter	Ye would think it be Arrr(R) but its the Sea(C)!
What do you call an aborted Czechoslovakian	A cancelled Chzeck.
What is the volume of Monica Lewinsky's mouth	One US Leader
What do you call 2 medics	paramedics
What did the train on the way to Auschwitz say	JEW JEW! TUGATUGATUGATUGA JEW JEW!
What do you call a Graveyard built on sandstone	A sedimentary.
What Will Mexico's National Sport Become if Trump Is Elected	Pole Vaulting
What's red and smells like blue paint	Red Paint!
What does a bee style his hair with	A honey comb!
What do you call an attractive black mom	Chocolate Milf
What is the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods	One of them has a good driver.
What do you call a molecule with the structure bunny-O-bunny	An Ether Bunny!
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe	The canoe occasionally tips.
What starts with F and ends with UCK	Fuck
What's an ""innuendo""	An Italian suppository
What did the Dalai Lama say at the hotdog stand	Make me one with everything
What do you call 5 black people on a plane	Niggas with altitude
What did the audio visual cable say when it got 80% on its final	HDMI
What do you call an amphibian in disguise	Infrognito.
What does ISIS call wine snobs	Zinfandels!!!!!!
Whats brown & sticky	A stick.
What's the difference between Tuna, a Piano, and a bottle of Glue	You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
What did the child with no arms get for Christmas	Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened it yet.
What's the best part about locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic	Plenty of coat hangers.
What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	I didn't make an enzyme last night.
What do gifted bakers take in high school	AP Flour
What's the difference between being hungry and being horny	Where you put the cucumber.
What's the difference between your mom and a drug dealer	Your mom can wash her crack and re-sell it.
What's the hardest part about roller skating	... Telling your dad you're gay.
What do you call a belt with a clock	A waist of time.
What do you call fake shit	Shampoo
What did the priest say before eating his salad	Lettuce pray
What's the most important part of making a Mexican joke	Making sure that no Juan hears you.
Q: What is the most military day of the year	A: March 4th.
What's it called when two female scientists have sex for the first time	A double slit experiment
What's the difference between an flautist and a Porsche	Most members of the band haven't been in a Porsche.
What's red, and bad for your teeth	A brick.
What do you do when you see a space man	Park your car, man.
Q: What does Star Trek's Dr Bones McCoy say before he performs brain surgery on a blonde	A: Space. The final frontier..........
Q: What do little trees say on Halloween	A: Twig or treat.
What is the difference between a default subreddit mod and a radical feminist	Nothing.
What do English pirates call each other	M80
What do you call a grumpy girl's desk	A periodic table.
What do you call a doctor who is trained in neurosurgery and is covering for a gynecologist	A pervert.
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut sleeps with everyone A bitch sleeps with everyone, except you
What's Nigel Thornberry's favorite band	The Smashing Pumpkins.
What do you call someone who can't dance	A white guy.
What's the difference between a priest and acne... What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne waits until you're 14 to come on your face.
What does ebony porn have in common with space	Black holes.
What do you call a hydrocarbon that tells fart jokes	Crude Oil.
What kind of car does a ghost drive	A boogati!
What's the difference between a cow and the crucifixion	You can't milk a cow for 2000 years
What do you call a pickle on sale	A sweet Dill.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa	Santa stops at three ho's.
What do you call a Cadillac with a staircase on the back	An escalador.
What word in the dictionary is always spelled wrong	Wrong.
What's the difference between a bus stop filled with old people and a crab with boobs	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean!
What do you call a white person on fire	A firecracker.
What do you tell a diabetic girl in bed	Hi sugar
What's do pot and pusssy have in common	You can tell the quality if you can smell it across the room.
What do you call a cat who uses fake finger prints	an im-paw-ster.
What's yellow comes from Peru and is  completely unknown	Waterloo Bear Paddington Bear's forgotten cousin !
What do a pizza guy and a gynecologist have in common	They both smell it but they can't eat it.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	He wiped his arse
What can you find between the toes of the African elephant	Slow Africans.
What did the hipster stoner call his marijuana pipe	Ira Glass
What did the vulture say when the airline agent asked if he wanted to check his luggage	No, thanks, it's just carrion...
What do you feed a feminist at a cookout	Trick question. Nobody invites feminists to a cookout.
What is the difference between kinky sex and perverted sex	Kinky sex involves a feather, perverted sex involves the whole chicken.
What's black and eats pussy	Cervical cancer
What do male lawyers call a female barrister	A barista. Because they're only good for making coffee.
What do you call fans who take a trilogy way too seriously	Christians, Muslims, and Jews.
What did the gingerbread man say during sex	I'm gonna crumb!
What do you call a fat Chinese man	A chunk.
What do you get when you administer marijuana to cows	High steaks! (I'll just see my way out...)
What's a nuclear scientist's favourite food	Fission chips.
What do you call a crocodile that can't have sex	A reptile dysfunction.
What did Matthew McConaughey yell at the drive that was about to miss his turn	A right a right a right!
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping Tom	A pick pocket only snatches people's watches. Credit Sanford and Son Edit: Statches
What do you call a broken angle	A rektangle
What's black and can't swim	A microwave oven.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter it wont come anyways
What kind of investments do musicians make	Sound investments.
What did the cannibal ask for in his burrito	Human beans
[SPOILERS]What was the main difference between the scripts for 'The force Awakens' and 'A new Hope'	The title.
What do you call a thieving duck	A robber duck....
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire.
What do you call a blood-thirsty optometrist	Macula.
what's your best joke involving or being about germans	Just a German who wants to laugh.
What do you call a french organized crime detective	J'accuza
What do you call an egoistical sea animal	Selfish
Q: What is printed on the bottom of a bottle in Michigan	(Found on /r/linux) A: Open the other end
What do you tell a jew to shut up	Sssshhhhhh
What is harder said than done	Your mom
What do you call a kid with an eyepatch and no limbs	Names.
What did one toilet roll say to another toilet roll	People keep ripping me off.
What do you call a limp and deaf dog	By it's name if it has one
What kind of venereal disease does a Stormtrooper get	An AT-STD.
What kind of music do cows listen to	(dadjoke) MOOOOOsic.
What do you call it when a girl named ""Sandy"" Punches someone	Sandy hook.
What did the fish skeleton say	Long time, no sea.
What do sea monsters like to eat	Fish and ships
What's the difference between a stingy neighbor and a cheap prostitute	One nickels and dimes you for screws while the other screws you for nickels and dimes.
What's a Mexican's favourite video game	Borderlands.
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Phelps can finish a race
What is an extremist's favourite thing to have sex with	A blow up doll
What do rabbits put in their computers	Hoppy disks!
What did the lawyer say to the sovereign citizen when asked for legal counsel	**Am I being retained?** **Am I being retained?**
What did the Pirate say on his 80th Birthday	Aye Matey!
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew	You have to sit at the back of the oven.
What's the difference between ""choice"" and ""choose	Choice"" is your ability to make decisions, ""choose"" are what Mexicans put on their feet.
What's a buffalo's favorite activity	Grazing.
What kind of bug do you find on a long car ride	An I-shoulda-pede.
Q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney	A: I'm bigger than you!
What's a pirates favorite letter	*arrrrrrr?* you'd think that but it's actually P, because with out it they'd just be irate.
What's the best way to work your trapezius muscles	*shrugs*
What do you call a Chinese girl with one leg	Irene.
What do you call an anorexic blonde with a yeast infection	Quarter pounder with cheese !
What happened to Voldemort's face	Nobody nose.
What did ""O"" said to ""Q""	Dude, your *thing* is hanging out
Q: What do you say when a dog runs away	A: Dog-gone!
What's the most popular religion for addicts	the Crystal Methodists
What do you call Figrin D'an's first born boy	Son of a Bith!
What is a pirate	/t
Whats the best part of having sex with a transvestite	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What should you do if a vampire borrows your  comic	Wait for him to give it back.
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench	A park bench can support a family.
What do you call a psychic dwarf running from the law	A small medium at large
What's the best thing to do with a thimble	Bang it with a drum-thtick!
what did the prostitutes knee say to the other one	nothing, they have never met!
What's green and turns red at the push of a button	A frog in a blender.
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall	A broken nose, i will sit in the corner now.
What word is always spelled incorrectly	Incorrectly. I'll see myself out.
What should you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant	??? #RT
What did the cow wear to the football game	A Jersey.
What do you call a seamstress who makes things up	A *fabric*ator. It was a slow day at work...
What do you call Chinese woman with one leg	Irene.
What do you call an epileptic in the garden	Seizure salad
What do you call a chicken staring at lettuce	Chicken sees a salad
What did the left leg say to the right leg	Dont talk to the middle leg he is a dick.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop, and a lobster with implants	One is a crusty bus station, and the other's a busty crustacean!
What did 0 say to 8	Nice belt!
What do drunk female pirates like to give up	DA BOOTY!
What is your favourite type of birthday present	Another present!
What is the most dangerous color	Sharktreuse
What does a communist prostitute do	Seizes the means of reproduction
What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs who's rolling down a hill	Rick O'Shay.
What was the name of the lumberjack in Al-Quaida	Osama-Been-Loggin'
What would albert einstein's name be if he was blonde	Nobody would know
What do you call a black, seafaring plunderer	Pirate. Unless you're a clever racist, then you might've said ""nigarrr"".
What does Mike Tyson eat after a long time on twitter	Tweets of course! ....and then your family.
What's something that some people don't get about jokes with sexual innuendo	That it's a fucking joke.
What insect lives on nothing	Moths, because they eat holes.
What do you call a mouthwash for tiny scientists	Microscope
What was the top item on Hitler's grocery list	Concentrated Juice.
What do yo call a gay dinosaur that's a transgendered bottom	Trannysoreass!
What did Leonardo DiCaprio say when he planted a seed	Inception
What's Donald Trump's favorite Pink Floyd Album	The Dark Side of the Moon... What a filthy casual.
What did the blanket say as it fell of the bed	Sheet
What do you call a horse that likes arts and crafts	Glue.
What is Snoopy's favorite Japanese dish	Snushi.
What did the perverted sauce say to the Chinese Ribs	.. I'm only Peking.
What do you get when you win a theological debate with a muslim	Death threats.
What's the fastest way to drive through Louisiana	Drive the route with Les Miles! ... I'll see myself out.
What do you call a pessimistic melon	A cantaloupe
What does a priest get when he wants pussy	Nun
What do you call a camel without humps	Humphrey
What makes an ISIS joke funny	The execution
Whats the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle	Attire.
What do you call a reptile that's good with directions	A Navigator
What do you call a hooker who works for spaghetti	A pastatute!
What does Bill Clinton say to Hilary after sex	I'll be home in 20 minutes
What's green, white, and orange and only appears once a year	Irish pride
What do you call a fish with no eye's	a fsh
What did the lonely hedgehog get at the sex shop	A pinecone.
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable	Getting the wheelchair in the pot.
What do you call a female sex change	An add-a-dick-to-me.
What do crocs and getting a blowjob from a guy have in common	They both feel great until you look down and realize you're gay.
What is the 100% guaranteed way to get younger looking skin	Believe in reincarnation.
What's the first place Dora explored	The mexican border.
What was the most privileged region conquered by Julius Caesar	Cis-Alpine Gaul.
What did the sophisticated cow say in response to another cow's joke	That was very amoosing
What's a redneck's favourite vegetable	Pump-kin.
What was Bruce lee's favorite drink	Wataaaaah!
What's big and hairy and climbs up the  Empire State Building in a dress	Queen Kong.
What do pigs drive	Pig-up trucks!
What do you call Keanu Reeves when he served under Hitler	A Neo Nazi.
What's the difference between a Piano and a Fish	You can tune a piano but you can't Tuna Fish!
What does a barista wear	A cap and chinos.
What do you call the hair between your grandmas boobs	Her vagina...
What do Bernie Sanders and Santa Claus have in common	(Dark) They both have difficulties regarding chimneys!
What does a pediatrist do when you ask them which body part they find most interesting	They admit de feet.
What is an over protective German father's favorite game	Sudoku a game of neins!
What does a hiker love to listen to	A trail mix!
What's the difference between spider man and superman	peter parker can shoot webs. clark kent.
What would be the American version of ""Duck Quacks Don't Echo""	Jet Fuel Don't Melt Steel Beams"".
What's attractive in a prostitute	The Price. Own creation if anyone asks.
What's the difference between herpes and mono	You get one from snatching a kiss.
What happens when a cow jumps over a barb wire fence	Udder destruction
What driver doesn't have a license	A screwdriver
What do you call a Mexican baptism	Bean Dip
What time do you go to the dentist	Tooth hurty.
What kind of ears does an engine have	Engineers
What bleeds once a month in the mouth	Me, when I remember to floss once a month. Edit: account got hacked and showed something different. Sorry about that
What would you call an uprising at Charles Xavier's school	A mutant-y
What is a Mexican's least favorite nursery rhyme	Humpty Dumpty
What did Muhammad Ali tell ISIS	IsIs? Pretty soon y'all gonna be WasWas !
What did the fat piece of shit say when he screwed up	Sorry that I screwed up **lards**.
What do you call 27 West Virginians	A full set of teeth.
What is the most common death among square dancers	Over Do-se-do.
What sound does a piano make when falling down a mine shaft	A-flat minor.
What is the best part about showering with a 14 year old girl	If you slick her hair back just right, she looks nine!
What kind of light makes the best US president	A blinkin' light
What is the worst thing to hear after blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What's the first thing you should do when confronted by an evil spirit	Try to neghostiate.
What do you call a blowjob from a midget	A low blow.
What is a dolphin's favorite TV show	Whale of fortune !
What is the difference between American teen girls and Muslim teen girls	American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
What do you get when you put the batteries in the Energizer Bunny backwards	It keeps coming and coming and coming...
Q: What happened when a ship carrying red paint collided with a ship carrying blue paint	A: Both crews were marooned.
What does autocorrect and women have in common	They both jump to concussion
What type of cancer is an anarchist immune to	Prostate
What's the difference between drunk people and black people	Drunk people are found **IN** bars. Black people are found **BEHIND** them.
What's black and loves to destroy Baltimore	The Pittsburgh Steelers
What should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise.
What dog breed do Jewish pet owners desire most	A Golden Retriever
What would one call a movie about meth addictions	Need for speed.
What's the one good thing about pedophiles	They drive real slow in the school zones.
What's the difference between a turkey sandwich and a ham sandwich	A turkey sandwich doesn't recognize the Armenian genocide
Whats the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a bottle of glue	Anyone can tune a piano, but noone can piano a tuna!
What do you call all Republicans that aren't racist, sexist or homophobic	Nancy from New York.
What do you call a dog woth no legs	It doesn't matter what you call him he's not coming
What comes after fear but before sex	funf
What do you call a dead chicken that likes to throw things	A **Poultry**geist. Thanks! I will show myself out.
What do you call a shifty midget in a police line up	A little suspect
What crime did the tree commit to be put in tree jail	Treeson
What's the difference between bullets and people	Bullets don't miss Harambe. Rest in Peace brother.
What kind of a cake requires goggles to eat	Bukkake
Whats the difference between a Windows computer and My penis	One has Microsoft and the other is Micro and Soft
What's the fastest way to lose weight	Puking and shitting at the same time.
What did one snow man say to the other	Smells like carrots
What did the beaver say when his house burned down	Damn
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalottapuss! *credit goes to my brother-in-law who recently told me that one
Q: What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is working	A: Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No.
What do you call a pirates thong	A whispering eye patch.
What do you call a tree that does not believe Jesus was the messiah	A Jew-niper
What did the German baker say to greet his customers	Gluten tag!
What do Abraham Lincoln and an '80s sitcom have in common	Both were shot before a live audience.
What do you call a guy who likes touching unripened cheese	A fetaphile
What do you do when a Chemist dies	You Barium.
What do you call it when George Thorogood farts on a throne	Air to the bone
What do you call a nun who's drinking a pint	Catholic
What do you call a pirate having sex	A jolly rogering.
What is a Jewish person's first discount	10% off the penis.
What did the ancient Egyptian cheerleader chant	THERE IS ONE GOD, HE IS THE SUN GOD! RA! RA! RA!
What do you call a Blind German	A Not see.
What is the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only 1/5th of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
What kind of dog sniffs out new flowers	A bud hound !
Q: What happened to the Indian who drank too much tea	A: He drowned in his teapea.
What do we want	A cure for Tourette's! When do we want it? Cunt.
What do we want	A cure for Tourette's! When do we want it? Cunt!
What's the difference between eating pizza, and eating pussy	You eat the crust off the pizza!
What did the banker use for birth control	His personality
What's bad about wetting your bed	Urine it.
What were the martyr's last words	I believe in peace in our time
What do you call a singing goat that lives by the sea	Billy Ocean
What do many Asian guys have that's hairy, got two balls, and is smaller than average	A penis.
What does the dot on an Indian woman's forehead signify	Coffee's ready
What did Dracula say to Frankenstein	!? I like Rape !! lol !!
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippie chick	A hockey player takes shower after three periods.
What is 6.9	A really great thing ruined by a period.
What do you get when you cross a rooster with an owl	A cock that stays up all night long
What is the difference between erotic and kinky	erotic is when you use a feather, kinky is when you use the whole chicken
What do you call a bisexual vietnamese person	**Bi**ngo.
What did the evil tin man say when he was run over by a steamroller	Curses! Foil again!
What is the difference between Pokemon Go and Tinder	On one app you search your area and find strange creatures, on the other you only find pokemon.
What do you call a stupid beer	Daft!
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car, outside of a planned parenthood center	Having to go inside and ask for a coat-hanger.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre...
Whats the difference between a bdsm slavegirl, and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking if you slap it.
Whats the number one cause of paedofilla	Sexy kids.
What do single people call Valentine's Day	Independence Day
What do you call 4 Mexicans stuck in quicksand	Quatro cinqo.
What did Sherlock ask his friend when he wanted to know what they were having for dinner	Watson the menu
What does a fresh egg say when you try to hardboil it	It'll take me about 20 minutes to get hard, I just got laid by some chick.
What do you call a leper in a hot tub	Stew!
What's the difference between my dick and my shot gun	my daughter didn't cry when the gun went off in her mouth!
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Aye yee think it be arrrrr, but it be the seaa
What could you do if you were on a desert island without food or water	Open your watch: drink from the spring and eat the sand which is (sandwiches) there.
What's black and white that small children no longer need worry about	Michael Jackson
Q: What goes ""krab krab krab""	- A: A dog barking in a mirror.
Whats a pirate's favorite letter	Arrrrrrrg matey it be the C.
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe	Rubberto
What do fat chicks do in the summer time	Stink.
What did the DNA say to the other DNA	Do these genes make me look fat?
What did the penis say to the condom	Cover me, I'm going in.
What did the penis say to the condom	Cover me, I'm going in!
What do you call someone who stole home plate	A rapist.
What do you call 5 black guys on a stage	An auction
What do you call a gay guy flying a plane	The pilot.
What kind of key opens a casket	A skeleton key.
What do you call a man with a disfigured penis and a woman with a large vagina	Bendidick Cumbersnatch
Whats invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts! Yup ya walked right into that one
What do you call a Mexican that won't get on a scale	A no weigh Jose.
what kind of meat does a priest eat on fridays	Nun.
What's harder than nailing 10 dead babies to a tree	Nailing one dead baby to 10 trees.
What would be the name of a very old rapper	2 Canes
What did one bell say to the other	Be my valenchime!
What's the difference between a pedophile and acne	Acne only comes on your face after 12
What's Irish and sits outside	Paddy O'furniture
What's a frog's favorite pass-time on the internet	(Sorry if this is a re-post.) Reeeedit *(Say/think it in a frog voice!)*
What's grey and goes round and round	An elephant in a washing machine !
Q: What goes VROOM SCREECHVROOM  SCREECHVROOM SCREECH	A: A blonde going through a flashing red light.
What's a one way streets favorite band	One Direction
What superheroes refuse to fight in North Carolina	The X-Men
What does a cannibal and a homeless man have in common	They both eat chips off the old block.
What's the square root of sixty-nine	Eight-something!
What do you get when you see Bill Cosby in double-vision	Raped.
What do you call a bird who never remembers song lyrics	A hummingbird
What do Reddit and Pedophiles have in common	they are both fucking immature assholes...
What do you call someone who only speaks one language	American
What do you call a fish that operates on brains	A brain sturgeon.
What's Avagodro's favorite type of dip	GuacaMOLE
Q: What do you call 4 blondes laying on the  beach	A: Public access.
What do you call the fruit of Islam	Quran-berries
What do clouds wear under their pants	Thunderwear!
What do blondes and computer have in common	You never appreciate them until they go down on you. [Source](http://www.vice.com/kids-telling-dirty-jokes/david-741) edit: computers
What's a Pedophile's favorite brand of shoe	White Vans
What did the German policeman say to his nipples	You are under a vest!
What do you call someone who speaks only one language	An American.
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland	Well the flag for one is a big plus. Badum tss.
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	I can't hear an enzyme.
What did the naughty rabbit leave for  Easter	Deviled eggs!
What kind of drugs do ducks use	Quack.
What's the Russian President's favorite song	Putin on the Ritz!"" I'll be here all week guys.
What do you call a bunch of skinny people stretching in the snow	Low-fat frozen yoga
What band does Santa listen to while delivering presents	Slayer.
What happens when you tell a sexist joke to a feminist mod	[Removed]
What is the square root of 69	Ate Something! (""8 something"", actually 8.306)
What's the easiest thing to lift with a forklift	A palette.
What do they do to dead scientists	They barium.
Whats black and white and red all over	A [removed]paper
What will be on the Denny's Menu when ISIS takes over	The Grand I-slam
What's your favourite colour	I love green 'cos it reminds me of blue.
What do you call a horny priest	A firm believer.
What's the smartest thing that's come out of a woman's mouth	Einstein's cock. Taken from the movie 300 Miles to Graceland.
What do you call it when two Mexicans were in a car accident and one had both legs amputated	Juan and a half
What is the difference between an onion and a hooker	I am not crying when chopping up the hooker. Thank you and goodbye forever!!
What happened when Red-Beard's ship and Blue-Beard's ship crashed into each other	They were MAROONED!
Whats a Floridian hookers favorite drink	Sunny-D
What do you call it when a person has a fear of Vietnamese food	They have a Pho-bia!
What's a porn stars favorite drink	7up in cider
What did the laziest man in the world win	Atrophy.
Q: What word begins with M and ends in arriage and is a mans favourite thing	A: Miscarriage This joke never gets old, just like the baby.
What do you call an alligator with a vest on	... ...an investigator.
What do you call a book club that has been stuck on the same book for thousands of years	[X-post from /r/SacrilegiousHumor] Church
What do get when you mix two breads	A hy-bread
What's a clown's favorite restaurant	(mod post from r/AntiJokes) I wouldn't know, as a mime I cannot comment.
What do you do on a date with a feminist	Split the bill.
What do you call a hard drive in a hydraulic press	File compression
What should PMS be called	Ovary-acting
What's the difference between Putin and Poutine	Umm... I don't know ... I've got nothing.
What did the old chimney say to the younger chimney	You're too young to smoke!
What do you call a gangster Hobbit	Yolo Swaggins
What did the melon say to his daughter after she tried to get married	You cant-elope!
What do you get when you cross a Judge and a Potato	A Dicktater
What's the difference between a feminist and an archangel that dislikes Biblical prophets	One is a Dan-hating Mike. The other is a man-hating dyke. edit: spelling because of anal dykes
What's 20 foot long, screams like a banshee and has no pubes	The front row of a One Direction concert.
What do young ghosts call their parents	Deady and Mummy.
What do you get if you cross a tarantula with a rose	I'm not sure but I wouldn't try smelling it !
What do you call a cat that torrents movies	A copy cat.
What do you get when you put a number 1 and a number 2 on your calculator	A huge mess.
What size bed comfortably fits a married couple	Twin. Because the husband has to sleep on the couch.
What's Donald Trumps favorite juice	Orangu-Tang
What do you call a coffee shop where drug deals go down	The trappe!
What happened when Billy Mays's ghost floated into the rave	Everyone started partying like it was $19.99.
What do you have to bring if you visit r/nsfw_gifs	Giffy Lube.
What's the hardest thing about skydiving	The ground.
What's the difference between a Priest and Pimples	Pimples don't come on your face until you're at least 13.
What's the difference between an oyster fisherman with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea	The fisherman shucks between fits.
Whats a Plumber's favorite vegetable	A Leek!
What do crack addicts sing while caroling	All I Want for Christmas is my two front teeth!
What's the warmest organ in a dead woman's body	My dick.
What do you call a greedy roman god	Jewpiter.
What does the Interstellar soundtrack and a porno film have in common	Swelling organs.
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur	A Lickalotopus
What do Kodak film and John Lennon have in common	They both came in a yellow box
What's the difference between a Lima Bean and a Chick Pea	I never payed a hundred bucks to have a Lima Bean on my face.
What do you get if you cross a parrot with a  shark	A bird that will talk you ear off !
What's the difference between a golf ball and a woman's G-Spot	A man will spend half an hour looking for a golf ball.
What is Al Qaeda's Favorite Football Team	The New York Jets.
What do you call a pickled aardvark	A jarredvark!
what type of meat does the pope eat	nun
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit	Ba na na nas
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a Jeep	With the hedgehog the pricks can be seen on the outside and with a Jeep the prick can be seen on the inside.
What's Terrance Howard's favorite Radiohead song	(1 x 1 = 2) + 2 = 5
What is Bill Cosby's arch-nemesis	Smelling salts.
What do baseball teams and muffins have in common	They both rely on a good *batter*
What is the difference between me and being artistic	The second letter.
What's blue and yellow and sits at the bottom of the pool	A baby with slashed floaties. What's red and yellow and floats on top of the pool? Floaties with a slashed baby.
Whats the difference... Between a hormone and and enzyme	You cant hear an enzyme.
What did the baby call the strip club	An all you can eat buffet
What do you call a stripper with a cattle prod	Electrifying entertainment.
what's the longest word in a black man's dictionary	sheeeeeeeeeeeeit..
What's the difference between a dead prostitute and a Ferrari	I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
What's grey and bad for your teeth	A hammer.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit	Ba-Na-Na-Na!
What's brown and gurgles	A baby in a casserole
What is Fetty Wap's favorite time	5:38 PM.
What a group of musical chemists called	Butane Clan
What sound does a Baroque chicken make	Bach Bach Bach Bach
What was Whitney Houston's favourite kind of co-ordination	Haaaaannnnndd eeeyyyyyyeeeeee
What did Luke get for pulling Darth Vader's face mask off	A 15 yard penalty.
Whats the best thing you get out of a penis	The wrinkles.
What are the odds of a chronic gambler ever calling the addiction-helpline	No seriously, I've got $100 riding on this.
What do a black guy and a paraplegic have in common	They're both only three fifths of a person
What's a pirate's favorite Antivirus	Avast.
What happened to the Italian chef when he died	He *pasta way*.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a poodle	A dead poodle with an 18 inch wide asshole.
Q: What did the Pink Panther say when he  stepped on an ant	A: ""Dead ant Dead Ant ... Dead ant Dead Ant .. Dead Ant"" (to the tune of Pink Panther theme).
What did the football fan say to the paedophile footballer	Come on my son.
What's the worst hereditary disease	Cousins
What instrument do skeletons play	A trombone!
what's a slice of cheese's secret fetish	mature. I'll pack up and leave.
What do you call a cold cafe worker	A burrrista.
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before	A key.
What do you call a cheating wife	a Jenny
What do you say when an episode of explosive diarrhoea turns into a round of smooth poop	What a wondrous *turd* of events.
What do you call a caboose that changes its gender	A trains-vestite.
What's Irish and sits outside in the summertime	Paddy O'Furniture! (Happy St. Patrick's Day)
Whats the most disappointing thing for dads on Christmas	When he gets a sweater, but he was hoping for a screamer or a squirter.
What do rednecks say after they broke up	We can still be brother and sister.
What part of a football pitch smells nicest	The scenter spot!
What do GTA and the third Reich have in common	If you have a star, you are getting chased.
What's long, hard and makes a woman moan when erect	An ironing board.
What did the astronaut from AA say in space	Houston, I have a problem.
What comes after 69	Mouthwash.
What's a holocaust survivor's favorite movie	Gone With The Wind.
What's Brown and sticky	A stick
What's your favorite racial (but not racist) joke	How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb? A Brazilian!
What's the best thing about having sex with forty two year olds	There's forty of them.
What is the strictest part of a ship	The stern
What is Michele Obama's favorite vegetable	Barack-oli
What do you call an angry German	A sauerkraut
What do my girlfriend and Jesus have in common	Not sure if either of them came once, but I know they haven't come a second time.
What is the most racist type of bread	A biguette
What is the playing surface of the New Orleans Superdome called	Mardi grass.
What is the difference between a poor marksman and a constipated owl	One can shoot but can't hit and the other one can hoot but can't shit.
What is 12 inches long and hangs infront of a cunt	Trump's tie
What's an owl's favorite subject	Owlgebra
What has 4 wheels and flies	/u/IDrewTheDuckBlue's car. [Credit.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/3ez4sp/just_drove_from_california_to_illinois_with_a_fly/)
What is the difference between a cocktail and a dickbutt	You order a dickbutt at a gay bar.
What did one volcano say to the other volcano	I lava you
What type of milk does Mitt Romney use with his cereal	The one percent
What did the Indian tailor say to the patron who came in naked	What sarong with you?
What do Jewish pedophiles say	Hey kids, want to buy some candy?
What happens when the Sun and the Moon get together	They turn out the lights.
What do hackers do when they go on vacation	They go phishing
What do tofu and a dildo have in common	They are both meat substitutes.
What video game does hitler play	Mein craft
What do you call that part of the pharmacy where they keep the condoms, birth-control pills, etc.	The Contrasection.
What are the worst three words you could hear when you're in the middle of some passionate love making	Honey, I'm home!
What do you call a little Mexican	A paragraph. Because he's not quite an essay.
What do gay horses eat	Heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!
What did the dyslexic kid say to his parents at Christmas	I love Satan
What's brown and Rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre.......just kidding.....poop
What's a transvestite's favorite candy	He/she's kisses
What do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards	A receding hareline.
What's the best version of Microsoft Office	Microsoft Office 36543
Whatever happened to Robot Jones	He got cancelled.
What do you call that piece of flesh around the clitoris	The woman.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	Megasaurass
What type of skiing do Jews prefer	Shlalom
What's a good motto for a sewage treatment plant	Our duty is clear. Credit: Futurama
What state has the best small sized soft drink	Minisoda
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a crab with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.
What's a neckbeard's favorite color	M'genta
What do you call an agreeable neighbor	....a yaybor.
What has 132 legs and 8 teeth	The front row of a garth brooks concert.
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Captain Morgan	Captain Morgan comes alive when you add coke.
What do you call a gay guy in a coma	Fruity.
What do you call pasta with alzheimers	forgetti
Whats the difference between a truckload of babies and a truckload of bowling balls	You can t unload the bowling balls with a pitchfork.
What do Muslim men do during foreplay	They tickle the goat under the chin.
What excuse does an Ape give for abducting a pretty girl	I can't help it - she brings out the beast in me!
What peanut butter do total dicks eat	Schmuckers.
What would the world be like without women	It would be a real pain in the ass!
What does Bill Cosby have in common with Santa	They both come while you sleep
What sexual position produces the ugliest children	Ask your mother.
What do you call a really really big ant	A GIANT! Now what do you call a baby ant? an Infant! What do you call an ant thats into business? A Merchant! please post more ant jokes if you know of any.
What is a group of hooligans acting like they are Vietnamese called	Gang, 'Nam Style.
What's the difference between a Snickers and my girlfriend	Snickers satisfies.
What did the Native American say when his dog fell of the cliff	Dog gone!
What's a Jewish Person's Favorite Time of Year	The Challah-Days
What is a pedophiles favorite part about Halloween	Free delivery.
What do 6 lesbians and 6 government workers have in common	They're a dozen people who don't do dick.
What did the grape say when it got trodden on	Nothing, it just let out a little whine.
What do you call a 12 year old protein	A pretein
What the difference between a filthy bus station and a crab with implants	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ......
What is the difference between an epilectic oyster and a whore with diarrhea	One you shuck between fits.
What did they name a mountain nobody gives a shit about	Moot Point
What are a school teachers 3 favorite words	June, July, and August.
What do you call an Irishman sitting on his veranda	Patty O'Furniture.
Whats the difference between a fridge and a vagina	A fridge doesn't fart when you get the meat out.
What's the most sensitive part of your body when you masturbate	Your ears
what's the difference between a Ferrari and a boner	...I have a boner.
What kind of baby appears when an Eskimo and a Japanese person have sex	Ugg Li
What do you call a Filipino contortionist	A Manila folder
What's up with gay analysts	They anal-ize.
What do you say when it's snowing	Winter is coming.
What's the best part of an asynchronous dog	It's non barking! Hopefully some software people get this one
Whats better than roses on a piano	tulips on an organ...
What do you call the space in between Pamela Anderson's breasts	**Silicon Valley**
What expression would be the worst if taken literally	Shit a brick.
What does the rest of the colony call an old ant	An antique.
What did Julius Caesar ask when finding a color to paint the Senate	Ecru, Brute?
What is the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out of it.
What is it	-What is it? -It's a ticket to the cinema -But why is it so small? -You place it under your tongue and wait for the movie.
What do you and 1 ply toilet paper have in common	You BOTH eat *da*-booty!
What did Kobe Bryant's teamates say to him while he was scoring 81 points	I'M FUCKING OPEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is the quickest way to double your money	Fold it in half !
What did Shang Tsung say when he stole Liu Kang's shoes	Your sole is mine!
What's the difference between a shrimp with big tits and a bus station full of old people	One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station!
What is the fastest cake in the world	Scone.
What has four wheels and can't support a family	A liberal arts major. I lied about the wheels.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	a rip off.
What's green and then red	A frog in a blender.
What does an asylum have in common with a squirrel's house	They're both used to store nuts.
What did the ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing, they just waved..
What do you call a Jihadist that loves turkey	A Tryptophanatic
What do you call introverted hobbits	Shyer folk
What do you call a guy that hates Christmas and steals the woman you love	Ebenezer Scrooge-yagirl
What's the difference between a clever child and a rude marathoner	One's a cunning runt...
What does it taste like when you go down... What does it taste like when you go down on an old lady	Depends...
What's green and smells like red paint	Green paint.
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe	Roberto
What do you call someone who makes a lot of money through deforestation of the Amazon	A Brazillionaire!
What's a Grecian Urn	Nothing, they're bankrupt.
What do you call a pretentious mime	A dick in a box.
What do you call a huge pile of cats	A Meow-tain!
What is the difference between snowman and snowwoman	snowballs
What does a girl say to a guy when she sees his huge dick	Im not sure either.
What happens to an Asian guy when they run into a wall with a full erection	They break their nose!
What's a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math course	Triggernometry.
What did the executioner say to his wife when he left	I'll beheading out now.
What's 7 inches and makes women submissive	A knife.
What's the perfect line of work for a lizard	Re-tail.
What do you call a cow who just gave birth	De-calfinated.
What does a fish say when it hits a brick wall	DAM!!!
What's Robin Hood's favourite font	Sans Sheriff!
What is Niglish	You're an asshole. Just go away.
What does an aardvark keep in his aquarium	An aard-shark!
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree on top of you would kill you	A pool table.
What do a black person and a bike have in common	they both don't work without a chain.
What do you call a blonde in a BMW	Optional. (My manager from Croatia told me this during a shift)
What did the upper class Rastafari say when he walked into the bakers shop	One love me breda.
What do pussy and cigarettes have in common	There's more flavor the closer you get to the butt.
What did the fish say when he swam into a cement wall	Dam.
What street do you put a lesbian restaurant on	Eater Route
What kind of bees produce milk	Boo'bees
What is a nomad	Someone who is not crazy. Nomad= No+mad.
What did one lonely penis say to the other	I just want to belong.
What would you call an EDM producer on a flagpole	Datsik but not dat well.
What Do You Call a Terrible German Hot-dog Stand Owner	The Wurst Guy.
What has four legs but isn't alive	A Dead Dog
What do you call a snobbish thief walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What do Jewish women get when they go to the gynecologist	A pap schmear.
What's a snakes favourite TV program	Monty Python!
What's Irish and stays out all night	Patty O'Furniture.
Q: What do you cast a containment device out of element 28 in	A: MOVIES!
What's pink has five toes and is carried by the Easter Bunny	His lucky people's foot!
What sexual position do you use to make an ugly baby	Go ask your mom
What do you get when water washes away dirt	a road
What do tampons and renaissance art have in common	You get upset when your dog tears up either of them because they are period pieces.
What about the man with nobody and no nose	Nobody knows...
What makes rock stars great campers	Their living situation is intense.
what do you call a young, green Pumpkin for Halloween	A premature e-Jack-O'-Lantern.
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay fifty bucks for a lentil on my chest.
What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet	DownlOdin. What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet illegally? Thorrenting.
What's worse than finding a caterpillar in your apple	Finding half a caterpillar in your apple
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun	A Roamin' Catholic!
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife	A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
What's the fastest way to send a rabbit	Haremail.
What is Michelle obama's favorite vegetable	BARACK-OLI
What's white on top and black on bottom	Society!
What do you call a medieval dentist	A plaque doctor.
What do you call a riot in Baltimore	Target practice.
What's under the Pillsbury Doughboy's apron	Doughnuts
What do you call 100 black people on a plane to Africa	A good start.
What do you call it when Al Capone goes camping	Criminal intent.
What do Islamist extremists eat for breakfast	French toast
What do you call a weed smoker with abs	A Narc.
what did the biologists call their basketball team	The Hemoglobin-Trotters!
What do you call it when two amoebas say hi	A micro-transaction.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit	Elton John.
What math classes do gender studies majors take	Triggernometry.
What people travel the most	Romans.
What did the math teacher tree say to the music teacher tree	Nice log rhythms
What do bees use to do their hair	Honeycombs!
What phone networks do Jedi's use	Yodafone
What do you call a blind german	A Not - see (Nazi)
What's the difference between America and yogurt	If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.
What is the title of a show where children pawn items	Child Pawnography
what so you call a white guy with a small penis	cockasian
What do they call Bro Chads in the U.K.	......Bloke chaps. Play me off Johnny!
What do you call a Mexican on a bike	a dirt bike
What does a fish say when it hits a wall	Dam
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two of them, now it's offensive to talk about.
What color is ice	Hielo.
What do organic mathematicians put in their fireplaces	Natural logs.
What do you get if you cross a phone with a rooster	A wake-up call!
What's the difference between a straight mustache and a gay mustache	The smell.
What did the Indian child say to his mother before he left for school	Mumbai!
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween	Pump Kin.
What do you get when you cross a camera with a mirror	A camera that takes pictures of itself.
What does it sounds like when a Japanese Homer Simpson forgets how to count to 11	Nin, ten, *Doh*"" ....I'll leave now.
What do people typically get at Whole Foods	Ripped off.
What would Bill Nye be called if he spoke to ghosts	Bill Nye the Seance guy.
What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew	The Boy Scout came back from camp.
What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a pit bull	The pit bull will eventually let go.
What is the worst thing about Ancient History Class	The teachers tend to Babylon
What's fast and breathes fast underwater	Definitely not a toddler, I can tell you that now.
What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup (Soccer)	Turn off the Playstation.
What's the hardest thing about being a vegan crossfitter who went to Harvard	Figuring out what to tell you about first.
What has big ears brings Easter treats and goes ""hippity-BOOM hippity-BOOM hippity-BOOM""	The Easter Elephant.
What should you do when you see a blond with a pin in her mouth	RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
What comes after Brexit	BREICH
What is worse than a dead baby in a garbage bag	A dead baby in two garbage bags.
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common	Their biggest hit was The Wall.
Q: What kind of guitar did the pool player own	A: A-cue-stick.
What is the worst joke in philosophy	One that kant be repeated.
What do you get if you cross a poodle with katey perry	7 trillion dead toddlers.. LMFAOOOOOOOO
What's the hardest part of rollerblading	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What do you call a play about a moose on a bicycle	A Moosical
What's the quietest element	A no-bell gas. Especially when the ringing noises Are-gon.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a trampoline	You should take your workboots off before you jump on a trampoline.
What's the difference between your sister and a washing machine	A washing machine only takes one load at a time.
What's the best part about child molestation jokes	You don't understand it until you're older!
What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head	A Space Invader.
What did the doctor say when he delivered a blonde-haired baby to an expecting Chinese couple	Two Wongs don't make a white
What do you get if you cross Socrates with a dentist	A flossopher!
What do biology students do when they do poorly on a test	They bio-D-grade.
What is Blizzard going to call StarCraft 5	SCV.
What did the monster say when he saw a rush hour train full of passengers	Oh good! A chew chew train!
What's the worst part about vaping	Telling your parents you're gay.
[job interview] What's ur greatest strength	I wear too much cologne"" No, I mean- ""A lady legit passed out when I got in the elevator
What is the opposite of a Predator	a Postdator
What do homeless people eat for breakfast	Cardboard-hydrates
Whatever happened to silk underwear	A: Fell through the cracks.
What is important in relationships	Reflexivity and transitivity.
What is green, and then red	Frogs in a blender.
What do you say to a thin American	How's the chemotherapy going?
What did a constipated Watson tell Sherlock	No shit, Sherlock.
What's the difference between a deaf person and my wife	I don't know.
What if Stephen Hawking was the real Slim Shady	We would never know cuz he cant stand up
What's snoop dogg's favorite time of day	High Noon.
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex	A microwave won't brown your meat!!!
What happened when the sausage came in first	An announcer said, ""Ladies and gentlemen, we have a wiener!
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler	Michael can actually finish a race off..
What's six inches long that women love	Folding money.
What's the difference between an 8-ball and a baby	Eric Clapton would never let an 8-ball fall out the window!
What's The Difference Between a Redditor and a Calender	A Redditor is a living breathing human being, and a Calender is an inanimate object.
What do you call two Mexicans playing volleyball	Juan on Juan
What is the only thing keeping fat people from jenny craig	The door
What type of bees don't die	Zom-bees
What do you call a tree that hates this joke	A face palm.
What do stoners ride to school	The cannibus
What type of currency do people use in outer space	STARbucks.
What is the name of an Irish girl who hangs out on your lawn	Patti O'Furniture
What do you call an eight-legged insect holding a magnifying glass	A spy, duh.
What two words result in the most marriages	Screw it. EDIT: u/Zui_Quan has a better answer lol
What do you call a Chinese orange	A Mandarin
What's long, black and smelly	The unemployment line.
What do blacks and bikes have in common	They both stop working when you take their chains off. Edit: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought this was America. By the way, got this from AskReddit.
What Happens if you eat Yeast and Shoe Polish	Every morning you will RISE and SHINE.
What do you call water that hasn't been changed	Still, water.
What do you call a country full of people who throw garbage on the street, while repeating consonant sounds	A litter nation.
What is going to replace ObamaCare	Don.T.Care
What do you call a group of Rhode Islanders	A traffic accident.
Whats the difference between a Mexican and a power tool	Power tools are found inside the Home Depot.
What kind of degrees do slaves get in college	Their Master's.
What do you call the slimy stuff between dinosaurs' toes	Slow cavemen.
What kind of dog can do magic tricks	A labracadabrador
What do you call a bear that is not Jewish	Gentile Ben
What's green, fuzzy and could kill you if it fell from a tree	A pool table
What is the difference between snowmen and snowladies	Snowballs
What do you cal a bear with extreme mood swings	A bi-polar bear.
What do you call a well hung black man	Dead.
What cereal do impotent men eat	Nut-N Raisin Honey
What do a crematorium and an auditorium have in common	It's apparently frowned upon to jerk off in either.
What's does a black man have in common with a tornado	It only takes one to ruin a good neighbourhood
What's dirtier than grease on Olivia Newton John	Cum on Eileen.
What do you say when you see a Nazi trip and fall	Are you Alt-right?
What do you call a promiscuous egg	Humped-me Dumped-me
What's the difference between 'your mum' and 'knock knock' jokes	A door doesn't let you come inside.
What the difference between a feminist and a pencil	The pencil has a point
What was Camelot	A place where people parked their camels !
What's the difference between a man in plain clothes riding a unicycle and a man in a tuxedo riding a bike	Attire
What's black, white, and red all over	The bludgeoned face of a bi racial man in 2017 america.
What's the best language for jokes	Punjabi.
What sound does a dead cow make	BOOOOOOOOOO
What do you call a constipated detective	No shit sherlock.
What is the difference between a drunk driver and a stoned driver	The drunk driver passes a stop sign, the stoner waits for it to turn green.
What was the first profession to go all digital	Proctology.
What's Canada's intelligence agency called	The C.I. Eh
Q: What wobbles as it flies	A: A jelly-copter.
What do Hillary Clinton and the World Trade Center have in common	Both collapsed on 9/11 after becoming overheated.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	OMG!!!!!!! BREATHE!! BREEEEEATHE!!!!!
Whats the difference between a pile of dead babies and a ferrari	I dont have a ferrari in my garage.
What's most jewish of all reptiles	The MOSESaur!
What do people with an extra chromosome wash their clothes with	Downy.
What do you get with breaking news	Newscasts
What does snoop dogg use to wash his clothes	BLEYOTCH!
What's a Brit's favorite baked good	cake.
What Do You Get When You Cross ""White Christmas"" With A Black Rapist	Bing Cosby    edit for pudding an extra letter in the last name
What keyboard shortcut is extensively used by journalists who work for Breitbart News	alt right
What do you call a nose without a body	Nobody knows...
What's the difference between a Dominican and a Cuban	Dominicans are close, but no cigar
What did the Belgian Nazis call themselves	The Waffle S.S.
What's a pirate's favourite game	An arrr-pg
What's a questionable hole blocker	A butt plug (but why? you ask)
What do you call it when you get ripped from steroid use	Ill-gotten gains
What is the worst thing you want to hear from a doctor giving you a prostate exam	Look ma, no hands!
What did the stupid ghost do	He used to climb over walls.
What kind of Aircraft is into Men and Women	A Biplane.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working	Beat it until she starts again.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk	My zipper.
What do Harry Potter and Kermit The Frog's penis have in common	Hogwarts
What did the big programming number say to the small programming number	UShort.
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair	Artificial Intelligence.
What kind of wine does ISIS drink	White Infidel.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Nothing, she just gagged a little.
What's green and not heavy	Light green
What do you call a Russian man with three testicles	Mr. Whodyounickabollockov
What did one little lesbian frog say to the other	We really do taste like chicken!
Whats the difference between a feminist and a jihad	one actually fights for change
What does a nosey pepper do	It gets jalapeno business
What's the difference between your dad and this joke	This joke will be back someday
What do you call a guy with eight dicks	A coctopus
What do you call a table with dots all over it	The periodic table!
What drove the British mystery fan insane	He lost his Marples.
What do you call a man who revives black people from the dead	A Negromancer
What do cigarettes and pussy have in common	The closer you get to the butt, the more flavor you get.
What's the difference between a rooster and a  hooker	a rooster says cocka-doodle-doo a hooker says any cock will do.
What do you call an eternity	4 blondes in 4 cars at a 4 way stop
What gives milk and has a horn	A milk tank!
What do you call it when a Spanish man goes to court for custody of his children	Fight for your right to padre
What word grows smaller when you add two  letters to it	Add ""er"" to short and it becomes shorter.
What do you call a dog in the middle of a muddy  road	A mutt in a rut !
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Licalotapus.
What's the most common illness affecting neckbeards	M'laise.
What do you get when you burn Baltimore	Baltiless
What happens when a Spanish person and a French person fuck	They give birth to an Andorran.
What is a uppercase 'i'	Pointless.
What type of jokes are the least upvoted ones	Original Jokes.
What did the Pharaohs use to keep their babies  quiet	Egyptian dummies.
What's the proper way to pronounce Mormon	The second m is silent.
[interview] What is your biggest weakness	Sometimes I'm too succinct"" Can you give an example? ""Yes
What is the national vegetable of Germany	*Michael Schumacher.*
What is a difference between acne and a catholic priest	Acne actually comes on a boys face after he turns 12
What's the difference between a Volvo and a Mercedes	Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Volvo
What did the cell say to his sister cell when she stepped on his toe	Mitosis.
What did the mailman ask his girlfriend	Will you envelope with me? (I know its Corny, but it makes me chuckle.)
What do you call a chubby girl that's high	A baked potato.
What would Elvis Presley be doing if he were alive today	Scratching at the inside of his coffin.
What does a Notre Dame fan do after his team beats the Roll Tide	Turn off the xbox and go to bed...
What does a cow like to do by a campfire	Roast Moosmallows!
What's the difference between a Twitter post and a Russian Novel	A Twitter post is limited to 140 characters
What do you call a black man that flies planes	A pilot, you racist.
What do you get when you cross an (italian) with a gorilla	A retarded gorilla. (Can be modified to offend any nationality or group)
Whats best joke aboot canada	I'm canadian and i was just wondering
What is the meaning of  afford	It's the car most sales representatives drive.
What do ISIS and cats have in common	They're both a bunch of pussies. Credit to Stephen Colbert.
What do Limas Sweed and Bruce Jenner have in common	Neither can keep track of their balls
What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common	No ballroom.
What's the best part about sex with a pregnant woman	Getting head at the same time.
What do you call 2 people with identical penises	Doppelwangers
What does a lingerie store and a guitar store have in common	They both sell G-strings
What's the best thing about duct tape	It turns ""No no no!"" Into ""Mmm mmm mmm!
What's the difference between a woman and a fridge	A fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
What do you call a person without a son	per
What do you call it when people want to have sex while camping	Intense intents in tents.
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates	Rolaids. -courtesy of bro team pill
What did Patrick Stewart say when he was given a tortoise for his birthday	Please, take it back. I don't like getting attached to animals. Especially when they only live 100 years.
What is a Honeymoon salad	Lettuce alone.
What's the difference between a feminist and a spear	A spear has a point!
What's the difference between a pizza and a prostitute	You can order one of them without mushrooms.
What's the difference between a condom and a coffin	Well, both carry stiffs, but one's for coming and the other's for going.
What is Beethoven doing right now	Decomposing.
What's the difference between a bIack guy and a bike	A bike doesn't start singing when you put chains on it.
What did the Jewish man do when he got a dog	Posted fliers around the neighborhood that said ""Not Lost Yet"".
What do you call the Mexican version of the NSA	Jalapeno Business...........
What kind of a belly button does a German car mechanic have	An Audi
What's the point of Jewish football	To get the quarter back.
What do you call a German who is up themselves	A deutsche-bag
What does a nine-volt battery and a woman's asshole have in common	Eventually, you're going to put your tongue on both.
What did Saint Patrick say when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland	Everyone got seat belts on back there?
What do you call a snail on a ship	A snailor
What did the baby computer call his dad	Data!
What do you call a short clairvoyant person who just broke out of prison	A small medium at large.
What country has the shittiest beaches	India.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor?"" (as told by my Irish granddad)
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What kind of animal has an asshole directly in the middle off its back	A police horse
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 14 years straight.
What do you call an ex-Muslim	A Waslim
What's green, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree	A pool table.
What did the zoo keeper say when he saw four elephants walking over the hill towards him wearing sunglasses	Nothing he didn't recognize them!
What US city has the dirtiest waffles	San Diego
What did the daddy salt say to his son	Stop cracking your NaCles.
What do you see when the pillsbury doughboy bends over	Doughnuts
What's the ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter	Eskimo pi.
What's the difference between six dicks and a joke	You can't take a joke.
Whats a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think it would be R but its actually the c!"" Aye matey
What's the difference between a seal and sea lion	One electron
What's the Hitler Youth's favorite weather	Heil
What did the mom say to her son when he said he didn't want any of her flippin' pancakes	Fine. They will just be burnt on one side.
What does a Gorilla learn first in school	The Apey-cees!
What's the difference between an African kid and an orange	Approximately 3 grams.
What do you call a rich Asian	*Cha Ching!*
What's the difference between Obama supporters and Romney supporters	Romney supporters sign their checks on the front. Obama supporters sign their checks on the back.
What's red, 10 inches long, and makes my girlfriend cry when I try to put it in her mouth	Her miscarriage. sorry.
What do you get when you're bitten by a mosquito wearing a fedora	M'laria
What has 100 teeth and holds back a monster	My zipper.
What did they find in the toilet of the Starship Enterprise	The Captain's Log.
What's the only thing that doesn't make Hilary suck	Bill
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts	Boy Scouts come back from camp.
What type of music do astronauts love	Neptunes!
What does anal sex and a serving of brussel sprouts have in common	If you were forced to like it as a child, you probably don't like it as an adult.
What did the atom say when it lost an electron	I better keep an ion that.
What type of condom does Spock use	Vulcanized rubber!
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No idea :)
What do you call a police officer that stays in bed all day underneath the blankets	An undercover cop!
What is a pirate's favorite letter	(is it ""R""?) NAAAAAY!!! 'Tis the C
What did the saggy boob also say to the other	Hey, let's hang out together?
What do you call a black man visiting a zoo	a family reunion
What do Monica Lewinsky and a soda machine have in common	They both say insert Bill here
What did the Mexican Firefighter name his two children	Jose and Hose B
What do you call a midnight run to get ecstasy	A nocturnal E-mission!!! I came up with this a few years ago and thought I should share with the masses:)
What is a pedophile's favorite part of Christmas	Stalking stuffers.
What's green and empty	Orville's arsehole
What do you tell a women with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice.
What do you call a black and white bra	Zebra
What did Pink Floyd say to Jerry Sandusky	Hey, teacher, leave those kids alone!
What's the longest word in the dictionary	Smiles"" because there is a mile between each S!
what do you call a scared Mexican	What do you call a scared Mexican?"" ""Pedro-fied
What was Lenin's favourite film	Tsar Wars episode III: Revenge of the scythe.
What's the difference between PMS and a terrorist	You can negotiate with the terrorist.
What do u do when your sitting in the dark and your TV starts to float	You turn on the lights and shoot the black guy stealing it.
What's white on top and black on the bottom	Society. (All black people, take a jab - i'm jewish and not racist!)
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew	Only one makes it back from camp.
What's the most logical country	AND OR a
What did Ryan Lochte name his Gold medal	GoldiLochtes
What kid of music do old people listen to	Hip-Pop
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm	Squatters.
What do you call 1 black guy being stalked by 200 white guys	PGA Tour.
What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew	A stoner gets baked on purpose
what is a vegetable's favorite singer	elvis parsley what is a fly's favorite singer? gnat king cole
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	Garbanzo beans were never the subject of bad puns.
What type of overalls did Mario wear	Denim denim denim
Whats the leading cause of pedophilia	sexy kids
[OC] What type of music do Irish people listen to	Pubstep
What did the naturalist say when he saw a number of rocks covered in moss	I'm lichen what I see
What is it called when Batman leaves church early	Christian Bale.
What did the German say when the Spaniard asked him for some cheese	Mi Kase es su Kase.
What happened when Grandpa went to the strip club	He had a stroke.
What's 12"" long, rock hard in the morning, and makes a woman cry	A dead baby.
Whats long and black	The unemployment line
What's the opposite of critical thinking	Critical theory.
What did the square of cloth identify as on tumblr	Nap-kin
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It may take me a while to get hard, I got laid last night.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	The pricks are on the outside of the porcupine.
What do you call a female redneck who is faster than her brothers	A virgin
What do you call stuffing an orifice with chilies	Jalapenetration.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot you racist asshole
What would happen if the Earth was a Cube	We'd all be cubans. ^^^^I'm ^^^^sorry
What do you get when you cross Captain America with The Incredible Hulk	A star-spangled banner
What did the vegatable say to the fruit	Turnip
What did the politician with a cold talk about at his meeting	The important tissues. (I know it sucks, I just made it up)
What were Luke Skywalker's favourite model cars to play with as a kid	Toyodas
What's the difference between a slice of toast and an Iraqi..	You can make soldiers out of a slice of toast
What is yellow and goes click-click	A ball-point banana. Witch: Will I lose my looks as I get older?  Wizard: With luck yes. Witch:
What sound does a Chinese doorbell make	Ching Chong
What do you call..... What do you call dead black people in a barn	Antique farm equipment!
What do you call a painter with a brown finger	Picasso
What does a hockey player and a magician have in common	Both do hat tricks!
What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed	Oh sheet.
What goes in dry, but comes out hard and wet	A Teabag.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts to smoke	Slow the pace and apply more lube!
What does /r/jokes and the iPhone vs FBI case have	Both just got hacked
What do you tell a girl with two black eyes	Nothing, she has already been told twice.
What did the math book say to the literature book	You're so full of great stories, I'm just filled with problems
What is the definition of a goose	An animal that grows down as it grows up !
What do you tell a girl who won't stop asking for a tampon	Put a sock in it.
What do you call am alligator in a vest	An illogical situation imagined by a child.
What do you call a potato with one oar	A row-tater.
What does a half-dressed Sikh wear on his head	A subturban!
What did the fish say when it crashed into a wall	Damn! (This is my go-to joke that someone told me in highschool like 7 years ago. Felt like sharing it.)
What is something that is invisible and lying on the floor	[RACISM ALERT!] A black man that has gotten the shit kicked out of him.
Whats the difference between a retard and a woman	The retard doesn't need to be buggered to think he's special.
What do you call a clock tower somebody lives in	A timely manor.
What do Africans eat for lunch	Ebola soup
What's the word that starts with 'n', ends with 'r', and you wouldn't ever want to call a black guy	Neighbor
What did the soccer player shout to the baker who's cakes kept sticking to the tin	LINE IT!
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot
What's the difference between a good lawyer and a great lawyer	A good lawyer knows the law. A great lawyer knows the judge.
[job interview] What are your strengths	Me: inventing special occasions. Is that even a *I interrupt him with a happy cereal day song*
What's the difference between a camel and a Russian	A camel can walk for 30 days without drinking but a Russian can drink for 30 days without walking.
What did the cannibal make of the politician he just met	Pork and bologne sammiches.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice
What's the difference between a black man and Batman	Batman can go inside a store without Robin
Q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	A: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face...
What is the temperature of a ton-ton	Luke warm
What's the worst thing about Fridays	Realizing it's only Tuesday.
What do you call a gay midget	Sweet and Low
What's the difference between a new anal plug and a used one	The taste.
What do you call the happy fellow that brings death to the people	The grin reaper
What did the ancient Greek mother say when her sons toga got torn	Euripides, Eumenides
What are poofists	If you ask toilet attendant why he/she haven't made more of their life. you get punched into your face by poofists.
What celebrity is most likely to stab you	James Blunt
What's the worst thing about running 100 meters in less than 10 seconds	Being black.
What is cowhide mostly used for	Keeping cows from falling apart.
What do you call an Islamic cow	A Mooslim
What is the difference between a gay man and a freezer	A freezer doesn't fart when you pull meat out of it.
What does a sign on a out-of-business brothel say	Beat it, we're closed.
Q: What did one hat say to the other hat	A: You stay here. I'll go on a head.
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 15 black guys	Coach.
What did the White crayon say to the Black crayon	We make a GRAY team!
What's the difference between a 5 year old kid and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.
What rhymes with Jon Snow	He doesn't know. , Sorry for the lame joke, just made it up.
What the 0 said to the 8	Nice belt, dude !
What do you call bread baked in the south	inbred
What's green and eats nuts	Syphillis
What do they eat instead of ""pigs in a blanket"" in McKinney, TX	Pork in a roll. (At least I'm trying)
What's Irish and stays on your back porch all year	Patty O'Furniture
What does Brown Santa say	Gifts only for little girls with A's, B's and C's because the other ones already have the D's.
Q: What dinosaur would you find in a rodeo	A: Bronco-saurus!
Q: What do you call a series of FDIV  instructions on a Pentium	A: Successive approximations.
What do a teenage girl and her baby have in common	They're both thinking, ""Oh shit! My mom's gonna kill me.
What happens when a calculus teacher with one arm can't figure out a proof	He gets stumped.
What does Popeye use to toss his salad	Olive Oil.
What did the cool dinosaur say to his mating partner	Dino-mate!
What would it take for the Beatles to get back together again	Three more bullets
What is the difference between your wife and your job	After five years your job still sucks.
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night	-A widow.
What does British parliament name as the #1 cause for pedophilia	Sexy children
What did the pirate say after his successful pillage	Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
What's the difference between a Ford and a tampon	The tampon comes with a tow rope.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport	It used to be cross country but now it's rock climbing.
What do vampires put on their turkey at Christmas	Grave-y !
What's the difference between a chickpea &amp; a lentil	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a lentil in my face
What are the rough parts of Italy called	The spaghetto.
What did the hobo say to the prostitute	Hey girl, I'd sleep in that box.
What's the most important part of an ISIS joke	The execution.
What's the worst part about eating vegetables	Swallowing the wheelchair.
What kind of a friar loves philosophy	A deep friar.
What time is it when an elephant sits on your car	Time to get a new car.
What does a girl want more than anything	Nothing. She is fine.
What does Hillary Clinton have in common with a factory-grown chicken	They're both getting beaten by the name of Sanders.
What's the difference between au jus and a jew	Au jus is boiled but a jew is baked.
What did Christa McAuliffe say to her husband right before she got on the Challenger Shuttle	Honey you feed the dog I'll feed the fish.
What did Adam say to Eve on the day before Christmas	It's Christmas, Eve.
What do you call an X-Games athlete who placed dead last	A louger.
What seperates man from animal	Divorce!
What does oral sex and being in the mafia have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What do you call a person who acts based on their feeling rather than logic	A girl on period.
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang the picture....
What do you call a midget psychic committing a crime	Small medium at large.
What do you call a drill on the North Pole that just wants to get to know people	An icebreaker
What do you call an angry Korean physicist	A seoulenoid
What does Bill Gates call it when someone drops a $20 bill on the ground	Littering.
What am i doing after taking lots of codeine	I literally ain't doin' shit...
Q: What's the difference between a wife and a mistress	A: About fifty pounds.
What do you call a Cloyster that wants to learn the move Rain Dance	The clam before the storm!
What tastes good on pie, but not on pussy	Crust.
Whats white and likes to shoot	Kevin Nash
What do you call a religious drug addict	A crystal methodist.
What's the difference between up and down	It all depends on how you look at it
What do you call the people that always are around musicians	bass players.
What's the difference between an engineer and a prostitute	An engineer makes a lot of fucking money, whereas a prostitute could make a lot of money fucking.
What do you call a 2 with a fat ass	A 3
What did the cat say when I shut him in the refridgerator	I don't know, I couldn't hear him through the door.
What did the brown cow say to the brown chicken	Brown chicken brown cow ;)
What do you call a pot head with down syndrome	A bongoloid.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	No one pays to have a garbanzo bean on their face.
What lies in a pram and wobbles	A jelly baby.
What do a battleship and a belly button ring have in common	They're both Naval units.
What do you name a dog with no legs	Cigarette"" because you take him out for a drag.
What do The Walking Dead and the state of Wisconsin have in common	They both have a hated governor.
What did the surfer say when he visited Syria	This place is totally radical!
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	She gagged and took it like a champ
Whats the difference between a shower thought and a joke	I don't know you tell me.
What's the difference between a green bean chickpea	#EDIT: What's the difference between a green bean **and a** chickpea?# No one has ever paid to have a green bean on their chest
What do you call a hippopotamus that's a gigalo	A hit-the-spotimus.
What's the best thing about finger blasting a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free
What does Miley Cyrus eat on Thanksgiving	Twerkey!
What is the worst part of being both black and jewish	Having to sit in the back of the oven. (these do not reflect my personal views)
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.
What do you do when your daughter says batman raped her	Switch to the spiderman outfit
What did the black cat say to the fish	I've got a bone to pick with you !
What did the Bra say to the hat	You go on ahead I'm going to stay to give these two a lift!
What is the one thing batman and superman don't have to worry about	Dad Jokes.
What do you call a blind deer	No eye deer! What do you call a blind deer without legs? Still no eye deer!
What is one thing that both Australians &amp; Americans share the same view on	1961
What do you tell a woman who has two black eyes	Nothing. She's already been told twice.
What workplace benefit do ebola quarantine nurses receive	Hazardous doodie pay!
What has a bottom at its top	A leg.
What do you get when you mix Mexico with literature	Tequila Mockingbird
What's the difference between a $20 prostitute and a $200 prostitute	When the $20 one swallows, it's because she's hungry.
What do u call a Mexican who survives a shootout and lives to tell the tale	The Juan who lived.
What does a witch enjoy cooking most	Gnomelettes.
What do you call a fruit that makes fun of someone	A banana-nana-nana Got it on a popsicle stick. Laughed for way too long.
What's the difference between ""like"", ""love"" and ""showing off""	Spit, Swallow and Gargle.
What did Santa say to the three prostitutes	(Pointing to each in turn) Ho! Ho! Ho!
What's the most racist letter of the alphabet	Not Z.
What is black, bitter and dont work worth a damn	Decaf coffee
What video game would Adolf Hitler play	Mein Kraft.
What did one boob say to the other boob	Hey man, if we don't get some support soon they're gonna think we're nuts!
What did the bee to the other bee in summer	Swarm here isn't it !
What do you call a perverted fat knight	Sir Cum Ferrance
What's the difference between a circus and a whore house	One has a cunning array of stunts.
What's the best part of a movie	The climax.
What do you call a gynecologist who really loves his job	Ovary Enthusiastic
What do you call an Italian whore	A pastatute. I'll see myself out.
What did Kermit eat after he got divorced	Pork Chops
What happened to the Chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner	He smashed his nose
What happens if you spin an oriental person around really fast for an extended period of time	They become disoriented.
What do you call the people that Trump didn't pick to be in his cabinet	Qualified.
What's the difference between an incontinent person and a 1980's Renault	One's a leaker, one's a Le Car.
What is it called when the Queen farts	a noble gas!
What did they call Dracula when he won the league	The champire!
What is a Rastafarian's favorite country	Yemen
What's that thing called where every time you stand up you have to limp for the first minute	Oh yeah...39
What do headmasters and bullfrogs have in common	Both have big heads that consist mostly of mouth !
What do you call a space agency that doesn't go to space	NASA.
What did the doctor say to the infertile Princess Bride	Inconceivable!
What's the worst part about being a prostitute	The customer always comes first.
What time is it when twenty dogs and one cat get together	20 after 1.
What did the man say when he sat on a candle	Fire in the hole!
What's your body type	Mine is ""giant gummy bear.
What do you moan in Cleveland when you're close to orgasm	O-HI-O
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are under and dollar and deer nuts are under a buck.
What do people with huge penises eat for breakfast	Well, I had toast. EDIT: me and /u/Nekovivie weren't expecting you to know. cuz^you^have^a^small^dick
What was Saddam Husseins favourite TV show	Despot Housewives
What makes a good Stalin joke	The execution.
what would you call superman if he was deaf and mexican	No hero
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalottapuss *I have to give credit to my buddy /u/canavo for that one!
What happend when the bike ran over a nail	It popped a wheelie.
What do you call Indian flowers	Patels [source](http://i.imgur.com/LXADoFR.jpg)
What did Mulan's grumpy elderly friends say when they caught her with Li Shang	Get off Mu-lan!!!
What do you call a black person on the moon	An astrounaut you racist bastard!
What's a Latin professor's favorite song	Hit the quam
What did the pervert get for Christmas	A partial in a pear tree.
What is the difference between a computer and a woman	A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
What is it called when two little people get divorced	Daworfed
What did the fisherman say to the magician	Pick a cod, pick any cod.
What street in France do reindeer live on	Rue Dolph
What'll happen if a piano is dropped on a man	He will B flat
What is brown and rhymes with snoop dogg	Dr. Dre
What is the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	A pervert wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on his face.
What's it called when a hippy hangs himself	Tie-die
What's the difference between... A gold fish and a mountain goat	One mucks about the mountain. What's the difference between a police batton and a magician's wand? One is used for cunning stunts.
What did one math book say to the other math book	We've got a lot of problems.
What did the redditor say to the other redditor	Yes.
What did they call Hitler when he swam	Adolfin
What do you call a smart ant	Elegant !
What did the Annoying Orange say on Fox News	We're going to build a wall
Whats the difference between Donald Trump and a Vacuum	Nothing. Both are really loud, and full of shit.
What do you get when you get in a fight with the Los Angeles Lakers lead point scorer	Kobe beef
What's the best way to hunt for deer	Driving at midnight.
What is it called when you butt dial from your front pocket	A cockadial
What's the difference between and egg and a wank	You can beat a an egg but you can't beat a wank.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An Investigator
What do you say when your opponent resigns after you take their queen	Sorry mate.
What did the Banana say to the other Banana	You're very appealing
What happened when the Italian chef died	He pasta way
WHAT DO WE WANT!	A forum for passive aggressive behavior! WHEN do we want it? NOW would be great but you seem busy sooo whatever.
What can you use to fill your butt crack	Ass-fault
What do you call a censored DMX song	A really good instrumental
What's the best thing about screwing twenty one year olds	There are twenty of them.
What do you call the son of Kim jong-un	Kim jong-deux
What is a monkeys favorite candy	Rhesus species
What do girls and noodles have in common	They both wiggle when you eat them.
Q: What do you call 55 men watching the superbowl	A: Pittsburg Steelers
What is Weird Al Yankovic's favorite pick up line	Hey, so are you familiar with my parodies? Yeah my PAIR O DEEZ NUTS!!!
What do you call the ghost of a chicken	A poultrygeist!
What is it called when Batman leaves church early	Christian bale.
What do you call a cowshed in Arabic	A Mubarak
What do you call it when an Eevee (Pokemon) evolves into what you want with no interruptions	DirecTV (Say it aloud)
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your dick into a girls ass.
what's the difference between fish and meat	yer not supposed to beat yer fish -Red Fox
What do you call a car that eats other cars	A carnivore.
What kind of line gets thicker and thinner at the same time	A line of marathon runners
What's the best way to make friends	Go up to a girl and say that you love her.
What is the main attraction at a Nazi Theme park	Genoslide.
What do you call a drawing of Ketchup	Sketchup
What did the banana say to the vibrator	I don't know why you're shaking, she's gonna eat me.
What did the Jewish baby say to the Rabbi	Keep the tip.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus	Santa stops after three ho's.
What's the difference between telling a good joke and sex	Dunno. I'm pretty shit at both.
What do you do if a black man is harassing you	Tell his owner.
What's the difference between black people and cancer	Cancer can get Jobs.
What do you call tension in the percussion section	Druma
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile	Get in the Batmobile Robin.
What's the difference between a washing machine and a virgin	A washing machine doesn't follow the guy around for 2 weeks after he drops a load in it.
What did the lonely clock say to the other	I hope you have the time tic come toc to me
What does a duck say when it goes to the doctor	Quack
What is a sorority girl's favorite type of cheese	Feta
What's a similarity between anal sex and spinach	If one or the other was forced upon you as a child, you won't like it as an adult.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay money to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
what is the funniest number	69, cuz its also the name of a sex move.
What do you get when you cross an octopus with a black person	I don't know either, but it would be great at picking cotton.
What's the difference between Reddit and the 1984 Universe	You can leave Reddit.
What makes Mercy such a good medic	It must be her high heals.
What happened to the Christian family when they didn't pay their exorcist	THEIR HOUSE GOT REPOSSESSED!
What do Hurricane Matthew and Kim Kardashian have in common	They'll both blow the entire east coast just to get on TV
What did Russia say to Ukraine	Crimea River
What do you call an Internet mystery	An e-nigma.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	Tennish
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Dam.
What do you call a witch who climbs up walls	Ivy.
What is the only thing easier to break than a Razer headset	Your sister's hymen.
What do you get when you cross Godzilla, saved by the bell, and crystal meth	Go go power rangers!
What goes clip clop clip clop BANG clip clop clip clop	An Amish drive by shooting.
What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common	They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!
What is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise	Calf Raises.
What do you get when a cow has sex with coffee	Decalf
what did the proud cheerleader say after she screwed the whole. basketball team	I never knew I had it in me.
What does a vampire call a hemophiliac	Diarrhea.
What do you call four mexicans drowning	Quattro sinko.
What did the hungry terrorist say when he went on a vacation to Hawaii	***ALOHA SNACKBAR***
What do you call a fat person with Tally marks on their stomach	A tally tubby.
What do you call a person who wears adult diapers	Ehh, it depends.
What's the importance of capitalization	You can either help your Uncle Jack off a horse or help your uncle jack off a horse.
What do you call a male cow masturbating	Beef Jerky
What do you call a British nanny with an MDMA addiction	Molly Poppins.
What part of a football pitch smells nicest	The scenter spot !
What did one gay sperm say to the other	How are we going to get through this shit
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa	Santa knows to stop after three Ho's.
What did the chef say when he cooked up moose meat instead of beef	Oh no! I've made a huge MooseSteak!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	[chokes]
What's the difference between a battery and a women	The Battery has a positive side.
What's better than having sex with a 9 year old Vietnamese boy	Nothing.
What's the best part of having sex with twenty-six year olds	There's 20 of them!
What's white and flies through the air	The second cumming.
Q: What's the best way to accelerate a Mac	A: 9.81 m/s2
What weighs 20 times a North Korean	Kim Jong Un.
What do the French call a bad Thursday	A tra-jeudi.
What does the Starship Enterprise have in common with toilet paper	They circle Uranus searching for clingons.
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection	Quarter pounder with cheese
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I've never gotten stuck in a traffic jelly!
What do you call a green man sitting on my porch	My n*gger and I'll paint him whatever color I want.
What do you call a barn full of black people	Antique farm equipment. What do you call a barn full of Mexicans? Updated farm equipment
What spoils quicker than unrefridgerated meat	The Walking Dead's facebook page.
What did the hobo get for Christmas	Nothing.
What's the difference between the wind and a blonde	Some days the wind doesn't blow.
What do people in florida do when their car breaks down	Build a house next to it.
What is Queen's (the band, not the monarch) favourite type of luggage	carry ooooooooonnnn, carry ooooooonnnnnnnnnn
What did the buffalo say to his son before he went to college	Bison.
What do you call fast midget house cleaners	Minute maids.
What do you get when you mix Hitler with a dolphin	Adolfphin
What do Mexicans use to cut pizza	Little Caesars.
What's a skeleton's favorite dish	Spare ribs
What do you call a Filipino contortionist	A manila folder!!!
Q: What did the sink say to the water faucet	A: You're a real drip.
What do gay horses eat	Horse Dick
What kind of bee can you milk	A boobie..
What did one lesbian frog say to the other	Lickit Lickit
What do you call and Irish person who stays outside all night	Paddy O'Furniture
Q: What's one thing everybody sees in a blonde	A: A dick.
What kind of shoes do they wear in Holland	Wooden shoe like me to tell you. [Props to my 8-year-old daughter for this one]
What does robbing a Scotsman get you	Kilt
What do you get when you cross and owl with a bungee chord	My ass
What does a Jewish pedophile say	Come buy some candy kids!
What do you call a dog with no legs	...it doesn't matter, he isn't going to come anyways.
What did the cancer patient say to the nurse	[NSFW] [EDIT] I forgot the joke. Fuck.
What did Euler find in his toilet	A natural log
What do you call a Welshman who writes lots of letters	Pen Gwyn !
What does a redditor say when he is asked ""What country did the missing plane come from	*tips fedora* M'laysia.
What do you call a fake Chinese iPhone	A slanted-iPhone
what happens to nitrogen when the sun rises in the morning	it becomes daytrogen
What do you call a really bad sausage	The Wurst.
What artistic dog chews a lot and follows the rules of the farm where it lives	A Chihuahua that can draw and gnaw while obeying the law and lying on straw!
What do you call a cow who just gave birth	Decalfeinated
What did the deer say when he left the gay bar	I can't believe I blew 50 bucks!
What do you get with a room full of 32 Alabamans	A full set of teeth
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground Beef :-D
Q: What do you get when you cross a sheltie and a cantaloupe	A: A melon collie.
What do you call an old fruit-picker in Wisconsin	Cherry-atric
What do you get if cross a science fiction film  with a toad	Star Warts !
What does a priest get when he wants pussy	Nun.
What's the worst thing you can hear after giving Willie Nelson a bj	I'm not Willie Nelson.
Q: What do you say to a dog before he eats	- A: Bone appetite!
What do you call a pig that murders baseball players	Babe Ruthless
What was Forrest Gump's password	1Forrest1
What kind of music do they play at Stonehenge	Hard Rock.
What have 12 legs six eyes three tails and  can't see	Three blind mice !
What do gays and republicans have in common	Both are feeling a little butt hurt after yesterdays decision.
What do you call a gay drive-by	A fruit rollup
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison.... Let the down-votes ensue :)
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my chest
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do a squirrel and a piano have in common	Both can climb trees, except the piano
What do all Amish women want	2 Mennonite.
What is Kanye West's least favorite holiday	Easter
What do you call a gay man's ball sack	Mud flaps.
Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What did the cow say when it saw the farmer twice in one day	Deja Moo!
What's the difference between a lawyer and a trampoline	You take your boots off to jump on a trampoline
What do you call a snake on viagra	Rod!
What's pink and wrinkled and hangs out your undies	Your grandma.
What did the suave frog say to the hot frog	You're ribbeting!
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	Pizzas don't scream when they are put in the oven!
What does a gay women look for in a man	Lesbi-honest, they don't.
What's cold and scary	! I-scream!
What up Holmes	~Watson
Q: What has 18 legs and catches flies	A: A baseball team
What's a Polygon	A dead parrot.
What do you call a group of crows	The end of season 5.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEYE
What do you get when you cross a loaf of bread with a buffalo	A buffaloaf.
What do you call a Mexican gondolier	Pedro.
What's the difference between a regular horse and a police horse	A police horse has an extra asshole on top.
What is the difference between a dog thermometer and a human thermometer	the taste
What do you call a sea creature that murders people	A Serial Kriller.
Whats the square root of 69	Ate something
What kind of NUT would make a pie for THANKSGIVING	!? Pecan, typically.
[Dark] What is a Muslims favourite phone	Galaxy Note 7 (Exploding Variant) Just kidding it's an iPhone, you racist fuck. This joke has probably already been said before, so please up-vote.
What do you call a blonde standing on her head	A brunette with bad breath.
What do you call a Trump wall that's politically corrupt	A gate.
What is censorship	[removed]
What kind of underwear do the GI Joes wear	None, they go commando.
What will i do when i die	Idk!
What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Poodle	If a Rottweiler starts humping your leg you let it finish.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a book	A book has papers.
What is Obama's least favourite instrument in an orchestra	The Trumppence
What is nasal sex	Fuck nose
What 2 things do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common	They both ate honey and they both have the same middle name.
What's the difference between spit and swallow	A firm grip on the back of her head.
What do you call a state named after highways	Road Island.
What was Helen Keller's dog's name	Uuuuuueeeeuuuuhhhh!!!
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he was white	Alive
What do you call a ghost that lives in your butt	An ass-soul
What is Heinz Guderian's favorite song	The Blitzkrieg Bop
What's the difference between a tribe of clever pygmies and a girls' track team	One is a group of cunning runts.
What are 3 naked woman on a crate of beer	In the way!
What do you call a stable poop	Sturdy.
What happened when Jesus 'screwed' around	He got *nailed*.
What do we want	Race-car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww
What does Jesus do with all the money he gets from church tithings	Jesus saves.
What do you call Professor X doing a wheelie	Professor + I'm sorry. lol.
What do you call 4 lepers in a Jacuzzi	Oatmeal.
What do you say when you get cornered by a gang of Italian prostitutes	Uh-oh, spaghetti hoes!
What do you call a detective from Glasgow with three feet	A Scotland Yard.
What do you call a phallic shaped potato	A dictator.
What do you call a french man who's been attacked by a bear	Claude
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist	A gun only has one trigger.
what ultimately decides your fate while you are driving	Your Carma
What do you call a Russian cat that's been to space	A cos-meow-naut.
What do werewolves put at the bottom of their  e-mails	Beast wishes.
What do Reddit and Duke University have in common	They're both full of blue devs.
Whats the best part about getting a blowjob from a baby	It makes your dick look HUUUGE!
What is the least favorite food place of the Chinese	Nanking Donuts
What's the shortest possible sentence in Canadian English	Sorry, eh.
What did the red dog say to the blue dog	Nothing, dogs can't speak.
What do Donald Trump and the NSFW tag have in common	They're both excellent clickbait.
What do you call a racist police officer	A Police Officer
What qualifies as a ""short stack"" of pancakes	I mean, 2.5 feet is relatively short, right? Yes? Okay cool. Then I just ate a short stack.
What does an Arab say after losing his virginity	Good goat!
What is the #1 cause of paedophilia	Sexy children.
What does Mr. Miyagi do during his alone time	Whacks on, whacks off.
What do you call a constable who is good at music	Copper.
What's the difference between an oyster fisherman with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea	The oyster fisherman shucks between fits.
What's the difference between cows and bulls	It takes longer to milk the bull.
What did the brazillian father ask for for christmas from his wife	A little head, baby
What you call a black priest	Holy shit.
What do you call a beast made entirely from egg whites	A Meringue-u-tang!!! Note: I know it's spelled Orangutan. :P
What is your best casino joke	I work in a casino and want to hear your best one. Here is mine: what's the difference between a canoe and a baccarat player? A canoe sometimes tips!
What does Rolf Harris like to play with on the piano	A minor.
What does an 80 yr old lady have between her tits that an 18 yr old woman doesn't have	A bellybutton
What do you get when a horse's food comes to know Jesus	Christian Bale
What does a queen bee do when she burps	Issues a royal pardon !
What do yo call a Mexican Titanic	Sink-o De Mayo haah
What's the best thing about North Korea	The traffic.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungie cord	My ass. Ha, haha, haha, ENOUGH.
What is the difference between a feminist and a cat	One of them is annoying, dangerous, hairy, lazy, disgusting and filthy and the other one is just a feminist
What kind of sword is good for chopping up young girls	A cutlass.
What does CNN call back-to-back aviation disasters	Christmas in July
What do you say to change the atmosphere at a dinner party	If were all here, who's looking after Madeline?
What's the key to finding love	Rohypnol
What are 8 Hobbits	One hobbyte.
What do ghosts order at the bar	Sam-BOO!-ca
What do you call a cow with a hysterectomy	Decalfinated.
What does Madeleine McCann and Bin Laden have in common	They both got their backdoors smashed in before being dumped in the sea
What's the main difference between Kim and Robert K	Robert didn't get a famous black guy off all by himself ...
What did the dyslexic man do when life gave him lemons	He made melon-ade
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common	Their last big hit was the wall.
What online image hosting service do puppies use to post their puppy pictures	Imgrrrrrrr
What's similar between a black man and a bicycle	They both stop working when the chain comes off.
What do santa and a Jew have in common	they both escape through the chimney.
Q: What do you do with a green monster	A: Wait until it ripens.
What type of lights were on Noah's Ark	You'd think it would be floodlights, but in reality it was the Israelites!
What do you call an invisible, cross-dressing dad	A transparent
What do you call a female manager	Miss. Management.
What do you call a smelly Hobbit	Frodor.
What's more dangerous than being with a fool	Fooling with a bee !
What is the opposite of Christopher Walkin	Christopher Reeve.
What state is a person in when they've just been made fun of sexually on the internet	E-reckt
What's the difference between a politician and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What do you call a penis shaped wand	A Magic Johnson.
What do you call it when your diarrhea finally goes away	Gonorrhea.
What do you call a nose with no body	Nobody knows.
What did the 80 grit sandpaper say to the 36 grit sandpaper	You're a little rougher than I'm used to, but I'll grit and bear it. I'm sorry, that joke was a little rough ;D
What's the longest word in the world	Marriage. Because it's not just a word, it's a fuckin' sentence.
What happens to a bacteria when he travels from his home colony to another	He experiences culture shock.
What was the Rabbi's favorite frozen treat	Jew-lato
What do boobs and Christmas trees have in common	When you see really nice ones, you have to ask if they are real or fake.
What is a punny play	A play on words.
What's a let down Chinese lobster called	A crushed asian
What's the difference between hardware and software	Hardware breaks if you*don't* maintain it.
What's the difference between a Snowman and a Snow- woman	? Snowballs...
What do you call a Polish person going down a hill	A Rollie Pollie
What did the hot dog say when it crossed the finish line	I'm a wiener!
What's the most popular Internet meme in China	Ayy lMao
What is James Bonds code name when he is abroad	+4407
What do you call it when someone forces you to watch them take their clothes off	A power strip.
What do you call a self help book for a Country Music singer	Drink, Pray, Truck
What is Tumblr's least favourite show	NCIS
What is a ghost pirate's favourite letter	Boo! T
What is the difference between Usian Bolt and Hitler	Usian Bolt can finish a race.
What do T-Rex's do for a living	They're small arms dealers.
What do you call 200 white men chasing a black man	The PGA Tour.
What do lawyers wear to court	Law suits!
What do you get when you cross Bruce Lee and Chuck Norris	Beat up.
What is another name for a Jewish guest	A visitorah Sorry
What's the difference between a Hippie chick and a Hockey Player	A Hockey Player takes a shower after 3 periods...
What do a bucket and a woman have in common	Before 1928, neither could vote.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear	White vans.
What is a Jamaicans favorite country to visit	Yeahman
What did Anna Freud let her underwear show	It was a Freudian slip
Whats the difference between a Snowman and a SnowWoman	Snowballs!
What do you call a bear with no teeth	a GUMMY BEAR.
What do you call a murder in the middle east	A hummus-cide
What do you call someone who steals a glacier	An iceberglar
What do African-Americans and Jews have in common	An increased risk for pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
What's a zergling's favourite newspaper	The Guardian.
What do you call a midget prostitute	A lowrider
What do rednecks call the BATF	The Bureau of All Things Fine.
What is a racist's favorite seafood dish	Klu Klux Klam
What do you call a man that marries another man	A minister! Courtesy of a patient.
What's Irish and sits on your lawn	paddy o' furniture
What do you call a laughing mayonnaise	lmayo ahh
What do you call a dog with no tongue	Dirty bollocks
What's the Difference between Jam and Jelly	What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my cock in your ass. Inspiration taken from How I Met Your Mother :)
[oc] What do you call a 100 year old whale	A hunchback whale.
What do you call a pile of kittens	A meowntain
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	Some people are against shooting guns.
What day was Doris Day born	Doris' day.
What do you call taking a dump after breakfast	A Brexit
What comes after 69	A funeral
What do you call it when a hedge fund manager loses his job to a Watson inspired AI built by IBM	It doesn't matter. We'll all be laughing too hard to care.
What do South American governments and internal combustion engines have in common	Both are measured in revolutions per minute.
What symbol dispels a hex	A hexagon! -In collaboration with my kid sister.
What does a crook see with	Burglarize
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	Don't know, don't care.
What did the husband say to his wife when he tried pushing it in as much as he could, but it still wouldn't fit	He said ""I'm going to try on a different shoe size.
What do you call a dog who digs up ancient artifacts	A Barkeologist.
What does an Amish drive by shooting sound like	*clop clop clop, bang bang, clop clop clop*
What's the same about a smart blonde and a UFO	You keep hearing about em but you never see em
What has two legs and bleeds a lot	Half a cat
What did the angry man sing when he found his slippers chewed up by the new puppy	I must throw that doggie out the window !""!
What's the difference between a South African prison and Leonardo Dicaprio	A South African prison has an Oscar
What do cows do for fun	They go to the mooooo-vies.
What's the best way to get the aristocracy out of France	A chopper
What is soft and fuzzy, and lives in a hole	My belly button lint.
What do you call a black brick with three holes in it	A polish bowling ball.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets	Women! *ba dum tssh*
What u call a Jewish Asian	Japplebaum.
What did one dry erase marker say to the other	I'm bored! (As in board) Another one from my 9 year-old.
What's the name of the Pokemon that causes birth defects	Zikachu
What's the difference between a Syrian school and a terrorist camp	I don't know, I'm just flying the drone
What did the bumble bee striker say	Hive scored!
What do you do if you're attacked by a bunch of Carnies	Go for the Jugular (juggler)!
What's the difference between Snow-men and Snow-women	Snowballs.
What is the most fascist letter	Not C
What has four wheels and flies	A garbage truck
What's the difference between toilet paper and a knife	Oh, you don't know? I won't ask you to wipe my bum then.
What did Jay Z call his girlfriend when they were dating	A Feyonce
What do you do if an elephant comes through your window	Swim!
What happens when you drop a hand gren-egg	It eggs-plodes !
What do you call a starving parrot	A polynomial!
What type of Bee gives Milk	A BooBee!
What do you call a person who is happy on a Monday	Unemployed.
What do you call a show full of lions	The mane event !
What did the dog use to make his  kite	Flypaper.
What does a nosey pepper do	It gets jalapeno business!
What did Bernie Sanders say when he found a dead body at a Democratic Party meeting to select candidates and decide policy	Oh god, a caucus!"" ^^^cuz ^^^he ^^^has ^^^a ^^^new ^^^england ^^^accent
What does CPA stand for	Can't Produce Anything
What do you call an Orangutan, a tortoise and a hamster in cars	Top Gear, ^^or ^whatever ^^their ^^new ^^amazon ^^car ^^show ^^will ^^be ^^called.
What happens if you drop a blue marble in the Red Sea	It sinks. (Courtesy of my 9 year old daughter)
Whats the odd one out	The man on the moon? Santa Claus? Or an honest Lawyer? Yes you got it Santa. The other two are figments of the imagination.
What do you call an Egyptian spine adjuster	A Cairopractor
What's Peyton Manning's favorite hair style	The blowout
What did the Indian guy say to his mother before he left for his nearest city	Mumbai
What is a jewish man's biggest dilemma	Free bacon
What do pirates use to copy files	Yarrrrrsync!
What kind of phone makes music	A saxophone.
What does a Mexican motorcycle sound like	Cabrona!!! puto, puto, puto
What's the difference between a caver and a spelunker	A caver rescues a spelunker.
What did the thirsty weatherman say to his intern	I need my thermos, stat!
What did the 2 rednecks say after breaking up	Let's just be cousins.
What do you call a grammatical rendezvous	accommadate I hate me for this..
What should you give a man who has everything	A woman to show him how to work it.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter, it's still not going to come.
What's a barista in France's favorite workout	A French press
What did the envelope say to the stamp	Stick with me and we'll go places.
What did the slut's left leg say to the slut's right leg	Nothing. They've never met.
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	I cry when I cut up onions.
What do you call a bug that can't talk	A hoarse fly.
What do you call the Flintstones if they're black	Niggers.
What do you get when you merge Revenge with Grey's Anatomy	Graysonatomy.
What's green, sticky and smells like eucalyptus	Koala vomit
What do you call a pig with the flu	A swine swine.
What's red like a strawberry, hard like beef jerky, smells like vinegar, and is found under your bed	Me neither. Help.
What's the best drug to have sex on	Birth control.
What kind of car do ghosts drive	BOOgatti!
What made the cable guy late	There was a cord-eal
What do you get when you cross a vulture with a machine gun	As far away as possible. *cough* shameful *cough*
What did the group of unborn babies say when they were hungry	Fetus.
What is a pirate's favorite drink	The HI-C! (punchline must be said in proper pirate voice) (this is what I do when bored at work not even ashamed)
What do you tell a lady with two black eyes	Nothing, You already told her twice.
What disease did the house have	Shingles.
What do you call Japanese people that fly planes	Pirates.
What do you call a black mage	A Negro-mancer
What happened when the lepers played poker	One guy threw down his hand and another laughed his head off. This was my best friend's favorite joke when she was little apparently.
What is a dog's favorite candy	Feces pieces
What sound does a doorbell make in China	ping pong.
What do accountants use for birth control	Their personality.
What was Romeo and Juliet's favorite fruit	Cantaloupe
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb.
What do you sing at a twins bat mitzvah	Happy birthday two Jews
What's the difference between Walk of Life and Washington state	One's by Dire Straits, the other's by dryer states. ^badump ^tssss
What do you get if you fuck an Antarctic penguin	A Chilly Willy.
What do prime numbers and stoners have in common	The higher they are, the more spaced out they get
What do you call Michael Buble's long lost evil twin brother	Pu-pu puble
what u call a Bee that lives in America	A USB
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend	Wiped his ass
What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage	Wataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What do you call nuts on your wall	Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? Dick in your mouth.
What do neutrinos and I have in common	We're both constantly penetrating your mom.
What fish is the most valuable	A goldfish.
What's the difference between an archeologists convention and a basketball team	The archeologists convention is a nerdy bunch of diggers.
What are homeless ducks always asking for	A lil bit of quack
What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other Ilene. What do you cal an Asian woman with one leg shorter than the other	Irene
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on juan
What's the fastest branch of the military	The Marines. When they retire, they're corvettes.
What do you call a white grandmother	A gran-cracker
What's it called when Jesus walks across the street	A cross walk
What do you call five black people having sex	A threesome.
What do you do when an elephant comes into a room	Swim.
What do you call a sexually active spaghetti	Fetishini Alfredo
What's a nature philosopher's favorite rap song	Thoreau some mo'
What do you call a grandma without teeth giving you a blowjob	No denture adventure.
What do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino	A visit from the university board of ethics.
What do you call a duck that's a drug addict	A quack-head.
What do you call a zombie that runs fast	A zoombie.
What should be Serena William's nickname	Tennis-ee Williams
What do going down on a girl and talking to the mafia have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What's the difference between yogurt and white people	If left out for 4,000 years, yogurt will develop culture.
What's the difference between a priest and acne	Acne waits until puberty to come on a kid's face.
What do you get when you cross the Cosby Show with Law &amp; Order: SVU	Women Say the Darndest Things
What do you call a funny fungus	A pungi.
What did a confused Mexican alphabet say	K
what is michael J. Fox's favourite beverage	a vanilla shake
Whats the cheapest type of meat	Deer balls, they are under a buck
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you get when a camel pukes in the desert	A hot mess.
What do you call an innovation in scissors	Cutting-edge technology
What did the caught fish say to the fisherman in the net	Well man it's been reel.
what do mexicans and cue balls have in common	the harder you hit them, the more english they pick up...
What did the guitar and banjo name their daughter	Amanda Lynn
What kind of bat hangs upside-down	An acrobat.
What's the difference between an Armenian and a Gorilla	Just one hair.
What was the ambulance saying when they were carrying Satoru Iwata	Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U
What happens if Hillary Clinton gets so sick she dies before the general election	...she goes to hell
What do you call something that protects your fucking cock during sex	A condom
What would be Jeopardy	If this popular game show told a joke, it would put the punchline first.
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you	NA'CHO CHEESE
What do you call 13 dwarves and a hobbit inside a mountain	A *smaugasbord*.
What do you call a disabled person committing a drive by	Handicappn.
What s a Muslim s favorite cologne	GERMANY!!!!
What's the difference between a blind hunter and a constipated owl	One shoots but can't hit while the other hoots but can't shit
What do you use to transport pittas	A flatbread truck
What do people with memory loss and posters on r/jokes have in common	They both say the same jokes over and over again.
What happens if you play tabletennis with a bad egg	First it goes ping then it goes pong.
What's long and green and smells like pork	Kermit's finger.
What do you call a bottle of seltzer that lost all its bubbles	Water...
What's the difference between Jack Daniel's and General Custer	Jack Daniel's is still killing indians.
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market	Hello ladies.
What is Asia's favourite sitcom	Everybody loves Ramen.
What hurts more; giving birth or being kicked in the balls	A women will normally want more children after a year or two. No man has ever wanted another kick in the balls. Case closed.
What's the difference between Hitler and Lance Armstrong	Lance armstrong can finish a race
What do you call a racist blind person	A not see.
what's worse than being adopted	finding out it was Rick Astley who gave you up.
What do the post office and the San Francisco 49ers have in common	They don't deliver on Sunday
What is a businessman's favorite game	Call of Duty: Economic Warfare
What would Forest Gump's Password be	1Forest1
What do you do when you see a black man lying on the floor	You stop laughing and shoot him again.
What is Satan's favorite headset	S810.
What do you call a lesbian that you can't understand	A mad lib...
What's the husband's equivalent of a wife counting the days since her last period	A husband counting the days since he last had sex.
What Do You Call IDubbbz When He is Angry	Osteoferocious!
What's 18 inches long and makes women scream all night	Crib death.
What's Italian Alzheimer's sound like	Whoa! fuggodaboutit!
What do you call a litter of young dogs who have come in from the snow	Slush puppies !
What two letters do you say when you answer the phone	LO
What's the worst part about getting a lung transplant	The first couple of times you cough, the loogeys aren't yours!
What's the best way to break up with your girlfriend	On the front page of reddit.
What did the white guy see when he looked at his family tree	A straight line.
What Bird	Which bird symbolizes love? Swallow.
What do you get when einstein jacks off	??? a stroke of genius!!!!! (its terrible, i know)
What happens when you get some vinegar in your ear	You suffer from pickled hearing!
What's one thing that a canoe will do that a Jew won't	tip!
What's the difference between a cow and the Holocaust	A cow can't be milked for 70 years.
What do you call a seizure you have while mining	An ore spasm.
what is your dirtiest joke ever What's the difference between a blonde and a 747	Not everyone's been in a 747.
[Family Feud] What's your answer	! *whispers into microphone* Please help me, I don't even know these people
What did the cow say to the masked robber	Moo.
What do you call a pig with no legs	A groundhog
What's black and doesn't work	Decaf coffee...you fucking racist.
What's the best part about having a deaf child	You can have sex as loudly as you want.
What's black and white and red all over	A penguin in a blender.
What do you call a drunk executioner	A dun-GIN keeper. Edit: You have my permission to post this on r/dadjokes
What did god say when he created the first black man	fuck you
What do you Call a Bunch of Horny Teenagers Argueing	A *Mass Debate*
What do you call someone who talks on their phone during dinner	Cellfcentered
What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common	They can smell it but they can't eat it
What is the difference between Digg and Reddit	People can Voat.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable	The Wheelchair
What is the favorite note of a priest	A minor
What do you call a cock-muncher's favorite meal..	Not me.. Stop calling me that.
What do Jesus, Gandhi and Mel Gibson all have in common	They all had a brave-heart.
What's the difference between a pizza and a homeless girl	I don't peel the crust off the pizza before I eat it.
What's the similarity between Michael Jackson and a raped Middle Eastern woman	They got stoned to death.
What do you give a man who has everything	Penicillin
What would happen if a rodent were to crawl into, and die in, a piece of equipment made by Dell	... it would create a fell Dell smell.
What is black and rhymes with Snoop Dogg	Dr. Dre
What is it called when your crush has a crush on you too	Imagination.
What do Jesus Christ and Male Porn-stars have in common	They both take their sweet time before the second coming.
What 11 letter word does every Yale graduate spell incorrectly	I n c o r r e c t l y
What do you call it when you buy stocks of a clothing company	A good in-vest-ment
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What is Mike Tyson's favorite thing for a woman to wear	Thort thorts.
What's the difference between oral sex and...... Brussel Sprouts	If you're forced to have either as a kid you're going to hate it as an adult.
What do you call the place where lesbian Eskimos meet up	A Klondike Bar
What do you call a short cowboy	Subdude
What do Aussies call mates	Cunts. ""Sup cunt"".
What do you call a tooth in a glass	A one molar solution.
What did the sick waiter say when his manager asked him if he could come into work	I can't wait.
What do you do if you are driving your car in central Manhattan and you see a space man	Park in it, of course.
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	Goes back four seconds.
What is Donald Trump's favourite drink	A white Russian.
What do you call a Mexican detective	Sherlock, homes
What happens when a bull and a horse go to a bar	They get BUCKED up!
What do you call an Irishman who studies dinosaurs	a paleontologist.
What do you call a black pilot	A pilot, you racist bastard.
What's the different between a pilot and a pepperoni pizza	I give a shit when my pizza is burnt.
What do you call a female to male sex change	an addadicktomy.
What do you tell someone who doesn't like Depeche Mode	Enjoy the silence.
What's a horses' favorite hip-hop dance	The neigh-neigh.
What type of sound system does a Saab have	A Saab-woofer :)
What is the favorite sports team at the twin towers	The Jets
What's Wolverine's favorite candy bar	SNIKTERS
what's the square root of 69	ate something.
What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog	Hey! We really DO taste like chicken!
What does a Soldier and a Shoulder have in common	They have access to arms.
What do you call an illegitimate fish who crapped itself	A bassturd
What do you give to an elephant with diarrhea	Plenty of room.
What does a selfish cow say	Meeeeeeeeeeeeee
What do you get. . . If you crush a hundred rednecks to death in a car crushing machine	An erection.
What do you call a Middle Eastern sorceress	A sandwitch.
What person adds best in hot weather	A summer.
What's a gay guys favorite pizza	Meat lover's
What did the Pilipino orphan boy say to the linguist who wanted to adopt him	I'll tagalog!
Q: What do you get when you mix a mouse with some laundry detergent	A: Squeaky clean clothes.
What has two arms,two legs and eats ants	Uncles
What's the difference between my 83-year old grandfather and /r/Jokes	My grandfather doesn't have Alzheimers
What do you call the murder of Chickpeas	Houmous-cide.
What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza	The pizza doesn't scream in the oven Sorry
What Disease Do You Get When You Have Sex With Harry Potter	Hogwarts.
What do you call a woman with egg and sausage on here face	Cafe
What's the difference between Barack Obama and a mark on a gift	One's a President and the other's a pressie dent. i'll see myself out.
What's a racist photographer's favorite hobby	Crushing the blacks.
What noise does a Nintendo ambulance make	Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u
What do you call a scam artist who uses his vocabulary to commit crimes	A LexiCon
What's the difference between a job and a wife	After 10 years, a job still sucks!
What is a physicist's favorite cookie	Sig-fig Newtons
What's a pedophile do on a Saturday night	Netflix and chill-dren.
What do you call a pig with no legs	A groundhog!
What did the priest announce before he went for a bath	Speak now or forever hold your pee!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	Elephino...
What is something that you can never eat for breakfast	Lunch and dinner.
What do you call a well-hung gay man	Fruit by the foot.
What's the difference between a girl in church and a girl in a bubble bath	The girl in church has her soul full of hope...
What is gray, has a trunk, and big ears	A mouse going on vacation.
What's the difference between a shooting range and an American college	About thirty thousand dollars a year.
What's the most awkward part of a redneck wedding	When her father and brother walk her down the isle.
What's the greatest birthday present	Hard to say - but a drum takes a lot of beating.
What is the toughest religion to get into	The Difficult.
What do you call a Paraplegic runner	A Boston Marathon Victim.
What is a neckbeard's favorite fish	M'ahi
What's the difference between sex and a corporation	In sex the person on top does most of the work.
What did Batman say to The Joker	I like to Fuck Pigs !! Lol !!
What old-time song is the burgers' favourite	'Hammy' - as sung by Al Jolson!
What's funnier than a dead baby	A dead baby in a clown suit.
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a black man	A dead baby can feed a family of four
What's better than seeing a girl wrestle	... Seeing her box.
Whats do a baby and old people have in common	They both get ditched in the park
What's the one phrase gays will be reluctant to say now	Shoot it in my mouth
What did JayZ say to the theoretical mathematician	I feel sorry for you son, I got 99 problems but you got imaginary ones
What do old people smell like	Depends
Q: What do you call a snake that rides around on the front of a car	A: A windshield viper.
What do you call a bear that's not drunk	So-Bear!
What's the difference between Isis hostages and Isis terrorists	Don't ask me, I just fly the drones...
What's easier to pick up, the heavier it gets	Women
What did Descartes say while shopping online	I think therefore I Amazon
What do you call Asian quadruplets	4chan
Q: What did the Zen master say to the hot dog vendor	A: Make me one with everything.
what do you call a chinese millionaire	Cha Ching
What did the Giant say after he ate Tonga	'I want Samoa!'
What was the name of the meth cook who got caught stealing baked beans	Heinzenburg
What's the difference between a nuclear reactor and a woman	Inserting a rod into the reactor turns it off.
Whats the difference between an Audi and a porcupine	With a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside
What do you call an elderly Mexican man	A senor citizen
[OC] What is the gay community's favourite type of question	Queries.
What do you call a german tampon	A twatstika....buh dum chh!
What kind of zoo has no animals except for a small, yappy dog	A shih tzu
What do you get when you cross weed with weed	You get high.
What do you say to encourage someone who is masturbating	You do you!
What do Disneyworld hookers sing	I ho I ho It's off to work I go
What's the difference between a meteor and a meteorite	Ite. Sorry, a kid said this in elementary school and it was funny back then :)
What do Spider-Man and Windows 98 have in common	They're always rebooting.
What do you get when you have sex with a truck stop hooker	Gator-aids.
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There used to be two and now it's offensive to talk about.
What do you call a George Clooney sex party	A Georgy. (   )
What are the bumps around a girls nipples	Braille for SUCK ME.
What do you call a tick on the moon	A lunatic
What do you call a bug on the moon	A lunatic! (luna-tick)
What's that worthless little piece of skin around the vagina called	The woman.
What is best to drink while eating Jewshi (Jewish sushi)	Oh, any kind of He-brew would be fine, I guess.
What is Batman's favorite porn site	Motherless.com
What do you call a communist who's good with a rifle	A marxman.
What does my jokes and cancer have in common	Only my dad gets it.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snow balls
What do you call disabled people that follow politics	A special interest group.
Whats that smell	Auschwitz.
What are your views on abortion	I'm undecided. On one hand, I like killing babies, on the other, I don't like giving women a choice.
What would you do	geaNostra
Whats the Difference Between AWD &amp; 4x4	Your sexuality.
What do you get when you cross a Unitarian with a Jehovah's Witness	Someone who knocks on your door for no apparent reason.
What's the difference between oral and anal sex	One makes your day, the other makes your hole weak.
Q: What's the difference between a Scotsman and a Rolling Stone	A: A Rolling Stone says ""hey you get off of my cloud!"" while a Scotsman says ""Hey McLeod get off of my ewe!
What does P.E.T.A. stand for	People Eating Tasty Animals !
What did the blindman say when he walked by the fish market	Helllllllloooooo (insert your mother's/wife's/sister's/grandmother's name here.)
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his vehicle	Carlos.
What do you find in a pumpkins pants	A Halloweenie!
Whats black, white and red all over	2 nuns in a chainsaw fight!
What kind of meat is the cheapest	.. Deer balls Cause they're under a buck!
What is the hardest part of twerking	Being black
What happened when King Kong swallowed Big  Ben	He found time-consuming.
What did the organic chemist use tinder for	Carbon dating.
What do you call a virgin on a water bed	A cherry float.
What lives in a tree and is dangerous	A crow with a machine gun.
What do you call a rhetorical fish	Sharkasm.
What did Gandhi fight for	Nothing, he was against violence.
What does a black man and a tornado have in common	It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood.
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves.  Just kidding he couldn't open it to find out
What's in the middle of girls' legs	Their knee.
What is so bad about being half black and half asian	You can steal a car but you can't drive it.
What did the soldier use to season his fries	A salt rifle.
What's the difference between a canoe and a Canadian	The canoe tips.
What's it called when you jizz on a Spanish woman's face	Nutella.
What is the type of conference that brings together knights and mathematicians	A *sir-conference*
What do you call a dad balloon that disappears	Pops
What do you call a pub for lesbians in circus outfits	A Clown-Dyke-Bar Credit to u/TheBigDsOpinion
What is the difference between a PhD in mathematics and a large pizza	The pizza can feed a family of four
What does Magneto do when his computer gets dirty	He wipes the hard drive.
What does Mario use to talk to dead people	A Luigi Board
What's the buoyancy of an abortion	Rho * v * Wade
What did the Italian chef say when his boss tried to pick a fight	You wanna pizza me?!
What happens when you stick your hand in a jar of jelly beans	The black ones steal your watch.
What's a waste of time, wrapped up and is regular near Christmas	Shitty Christmas Jokes
What happened when the cat ate a ball of wool	She had mittens !
What Do You Call A Black Person On The Moon	An Astronaut You Racist Bastard.
What do you get when you throw a piano down a mineshaft	A-flat minor (or a broken piano)
What did Simon's dad, Paul, say to his son to encourage him just before he went to compete in the National Leg Breaking Championships	Have a good one, son.
What do you call a fat guy with an unhealthy interest in his mother	Adipose Rex.
What does DJ Kahled say when he wants another taco	Another, Juan
What's it called when you're anxious enough to be a Helicopter Mom, but really, really lazy	A Blimp Mom? Yeah, I'm that.
What is the definition of ""derange""	De place where de cowboys ride!
What's Hodor's job	Raisin Bran
What's black on top and white on the bottom	RAPE.
What do engineers use for birth control	Personality.
What's Romeo and Juliette's least favorite fruit	cantelope
What does Captain Kirk wear to the fitness center	Jim shorts.
what's black, white, orange and terrifying	My voters pamphlet.
What state has the smallest sodas	Minisoda :)
What you gon' do with all that junk	All that junk inside your trunk? I'ma get get get get you a Neti Pot - a concerned vet to an elephant
What is it called when the gynecologist slanders your grandfather	A pap smear.
What is the difference between an american and a canadian	69 cents.
What did the sea say to the sand	Nothing, it simply waved.
What was the last line in Anne Frank's diary	Just a moment, someone's knocking on the door..
What's the difference between Swine flu and Avian flu	It's what the doctor does to heal you. For one you need 'oinkment', and for the other you need 'tweatment'. **rimshot**
What do you call ten white folks on a bench	The NBA
What do you get if your budgie flies into the  blender	Shredded Tweet !
What do you call a stolen yam	A hot potato.
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler	Hitler knew when to kill himself
What Do You Call A Rainy Spelling Bee	Alphabet Soup.
What's a Rastafari's least favourite product	Roundup, because it kills the *weed*!
What do you call a plant and sock hybrid	A sockluent
What did Helen Keller call her dog	&lt;smashes keyboard&gt;
What does a spider do when he gets angry	He goes up the wall !
What's the difference between apathy &amp; empathy	Don't know. Don't care.
What do you call a group of singing killer whales	An orca-stra.
What's the scariest thing to wake up to in the morning	Another day.
What's the darkest dark humor joke you got	I start!.. What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school? I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What's the difference between between a pizza and a black person	A Pizza can feed a family of four *Still courtesy of my Comrade Ivo*
Q: What's white, lumpy, and extremely dangerous	A: Shark infested mashed potatoes.
What does a unionized hooker say when she is done work for the day	I'm off the cock.
What do you call a shitty igloo	An ""eh""gloo.
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese. Here all night folks.
What is a Russian man's favourite Justin Timberlake song	Crimea River
What is it called when a woman can't imagine having kids	Inconceivable.
What is the most tried and true method to getting a small fortune	Start out with a large fortune.
What's white and Irish and sits in your backyard all year	Paddy O'Furniture
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut sleeps with everybody. A bitch sleeps with everybody but you.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a $1.70 a packet and deer nuts are under a buck
What subject did the Warlock major in at University	Fel-osophy
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear	sneakers( iknow its old but its nice)
What's an astronaut's favorite dessert	Terra-miss-u
Whats the difference between a prostitute with chronic diarrhea and an epileptic oyster fisherman	The prostitute fucks between shits and the oyster fisherman shucks between fits.
What do religion and a penis have in common	Wave it in someone's face and they'll get mad!
What did the chicken say after laying an egg	Oeuf!
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pool	Fucked
What is big hairy and can fly	King Kongcorde !
What did Virginia get when she walked into the pet shop	(state joke) A New Hampshire
What Do You Call It When Someone Has a Bad Experience With Weed	Blunt trauma.
What do you call a chicken haunting your house	A Poultrygeist!
What do hemophiliacs and virgins have in common	One prick...and it's all over.
What's better than eating a mandarin	Eating Amanda out.
What's better than eating a mandarin	Eating Amanda out!
What's that one room zombies can never enter	the LIVING room
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What animal has 5 legs	A pit bull coming back from the playground.
What did the gay guy say to his straight friend	I bet you kiss girls faggot.
What's the difference between a doctor and God	God doesn't walk around thinking he's a doctor.
What did the doughnut say to the cop	Don't glaze me, bro
What is a cannibal's favourite treat	A kid kat. (My 9 year old son made this up.)
What's the difference between you and a calendar	A calendar has dates.
What the NSA say to NASA	You're a day late and a dolla short!
What do little pigs want to be when they grow up	Garbage collectors.
what was hitler's favorite weather pattern	HEIL
What's a Jehovah's Witness's favorite band	The Doors.
What do you call it when a Sith goes to a Galleria	Darth Mall.
what do you call a weird camel	A wamel!!! Made my 6 year old laugh anyway!
What is the most searched word on Bing	Google.
What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby	One is fun to hit with a sledgehammer, the other one is a watermelon.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	Dr. Pokemon.
Whats the difference between a coal mining company and the Catholic Church	A coal mining company puts miners in shafts not the other way around.......
what's the difference between oral and anal sex	Oral sex makes your day, anal makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	Well, I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
What did the big ape say when he dialed incorrectly	Oops! King Kong ring wrong.
What's worse than stepping on a Lego in the middle of the night	A landmine.
What stars go to jail	Shooting stars.
What's Fuzzy, Smokes, and Comes in Cubes	Fidel Castro.
What is it called when a heavy gambler goes on vacation	Paradice...
What do you call a Reddit cockblock	[removed]
Whats the worst part about sex with children	Cleaning the blood out of the clown costume when you are finished.
What do you call a black woman who has had five abortions	A crime fighter.
What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas	Thanks I'll never part with it !
What did the number do when it divided from its companion	Changed its status from 'In A Relationship' to 'Single'.
What do you call someone that likes to show off her ovaries	An eggshibitionist
What's the similarity between Madeline Mccann and a submarine	They are both at the bottom of the ocean full of seamen.
What did the cow say under its breath	Utter.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What is the French verb that means ""To declare war""	*Surrendre*
What do you call a statistician watching a bull fight	A mathador.
What is a Mexicans favorite sport	Cross country.
What did the duck say to the policeman	Quack
What do you call the cleavage of someone with breast implants	Silicone Valley
What is the most effective way to remember your wife's birthday	Forget it once.
What was in those drums of chemicals Captain Malcolm Reynolds hid behind in Firefly	For-Mal-To-Hide.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't matter, its not going to come anyways
What do you call a chronic masturbaiter in Turkey	A jerkin Turkin
What is the cheapest type of meat	Deer testicles. They're under a buck.
What does the ghost like on his roast beef	grave-y gravy
What's E.T short for	His little legs.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison
What did the incestual burger say to his son who's leaving for college	Meat again soon. Nice buns by the way (Lettuce keep that between us).
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	I can't peanut butter my dick into your ass.
What do you call a stolen Tesla	An Edison
What did the Pelican say to the fish when he was running late for work	I'll catch you later!
What's the difference between being erotic and kinky	Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use the whole dam bird!
What do you call a boner at an early morning funeral	Mourning wood
What's the difference between your finger and a hammer	I don't know! Well you're not using my computer keyboard then!
What's the best way to throw-up	? Put a finger deep in your mouth and another one on your ass, if it still not working, inverse the fingers.
What's another way to describe a contradicktion	A logical phallusy!
What type of trees do chickens grow on	Poul-trees
Q: What's red and not there	A: No Tomatoes.
What's black, blue, and hates having sex	The ten year old in my trunk.
What does a chef say after he prays before a meal	Lett-Uce eat!!!!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he got asked to play in a film about classic composers	I'll be Bach.
What do runners eat before a race	Nothing. They fast
What does a woman's A**hole do when she has an orgasm	He's at home watching the kids
What wears a leather jacket, and would kill you if it fell from a tree	An elephant wearing a leather jacket!
What do girls always wear to math class	Alge-Bras!!
What do a good woman and KFC have in common	After nibbling the breast and thighs there's a greasy box to put your bone in.
What do you call someone who sings about mints	A ""Minstrel"".
What does a Oompa Loompa Rabbi have for breakfast	Orange Juice
What do you call it when a stripper does charity work	Pro *boner* work
What's the difference between a shopping cart and a radical feminist	A shopping cart will, on occasion, exhibit a mind of it's own
What's worse than a dumpster full of dead babies	The live one at the bottom eating his way out.
What do you call a gay Mexican couple that just won the lottery	Juan in Emiliano
What's little, brown, and found in the woods	Winnies' pooh.
What do they call Counter-Strike in the Middle East	Tuesday.
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Steven Hawking after a housefire
What do you call an Irish woman who stays out all night	Patty O'Furniture
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple	Thinking of a joke when there's a worm in your apple
What is logic	A mute telling a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a paraplegic running behind a bald guy while grabbing his hair.
What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a lawyer on a motorcycle	The vacuum cleaner has the dirtbag on the inside.
What did the martini say when someone put a toothpick in it	It hurts, but olive.
What do you call an epileptic frolicking in a garden	Seizure salad.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop	Dre
What do hobbits secretly call Gandalf when he drinks too much	The White Wizzer
What do you call cheese that isn't yours...	Not *your* cheese!
What kind of bee makes milk	A boobie.
what is a jew that has eaten too many beans	a gas chamber
What's black and white with red all over it	A nun with multiple stab wounds.
What do you call two crows	Attempted murder.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a crack dealer	The prostitute can wash her crack and use it again and again.
What do you call an Irish lesbian	Gaelic.
What is Oedipus Rex's Mom's favorite Elton John song	Don't Let The Son Go Down On Me
What do you get when you cross a blue eye and a brown eye	Pink eye
Whats the difference between Hospitality and Business	One will help you and the other will help you be an asshole
What do you call a really handsome potato	A spud.
What do you call an Australian who's prejudiced against grains	A riceist. (It sounds better when you say it aloud)
What's worse: Alzheimer or Parkinson	Alzheimer. I'd rather drink my beer shaking than forget to to drink it.
What do you say to a motivated ghost	That's the spirit!
What do you call the act of giving annalingus on the back of a flying dragon	A Skyrimjob
What do you get when you cross a pig with an  elephant	A very large animal that knows a lot of jokes.
What does a pickle use to make bread	Dill Dough.
What's Beethoven up to these days	Decomposing
What do you call a superfluous elephant	Irelephant
What did the pirate say to the other pirate	Don't touch my booty
[Nsfw] What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbonzo bean	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a turtle who sleeps during the day and is awake at night	Nocturtle
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn	BOO-kakke
What is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer	Comet!!
What do you call an airplane's cockpit if it's staffed by female pilots	The Box Office.
What do Elsa and a necrophiliac have in common	The cold never bothered them anyway......
What do Mexicans write in school	Essays.
What did one calculator say to the other when it was time for it to leave	Aight I'll calcu-lata
What does a 90 year old woman taste like	Depends.
What is the best evidence that Microsoft has a monopoly	Santa Claus had to switch from Chimneys to Windows.
What do you call a castrated unicorn	A eunuch-orn
What does a noodle say after praying	Ramen
What concert ticket costs 45 cents	50 Cent feat. Nickelback
What does a gay rooster say	Anycockledoooooo!
What do you call 2 crows sitting on a bench	Attempted murder.
What's the difference between Batman's parents and jokes about Batman's parents	Jokes about Batman's parents can get old.
What rhymes with left and means steal	theft
What do you call a Jamaican teacher at Hogwarts	De mentor.
What's white and in the men's 100m track final	The lines.
What's the best part of having sex with 25 year olds	There are twenty of them.
What do you call a camera with severe mood swings	A BiPolaroid
What's the difference between a baby and an onion	I cry when I chop an onion.
What do you call Detroit's trash	Detroitus
What do a bunch of wankers do in a group	Mass debating.
What does a bully say to someone with severe depression	Stop hating yourself, stop hating yourself!
What's black and blue and floats down the river	A jew telling ethnic jokes.
What's the worst part of having to break up with a Japanese girlfriend	you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it
What do you call a stupid fish	A dumb bass I'll sea myself trout
What's the difference between a ginger and a brick	A brick gets laid.
What's the useless skin around a vagina called	A woman.
What is the difference between a dirty bus stop, and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What did the Doe say when she came out of the woods	I'm not doing that again for two bucks.
What did the alien say to the cat	Take me to your litter.
What is a 6.9	A really great thing ruined by a period.
What's the difference between boy scouts and Jews	Boy scouts come back from camp.
What do you get if you put 5 lesbians and 5 politicians in the same room	10 people who don't do dick.
What's The Best Part Of Getting/Receiving A Blowjob	Her shutting up for once.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	fsh
[NSFW] [NSFW] What do the Zika Virus and Catholic Priests have in common	They're both giving kids a little head all over Latin America.
What do you call an eye doctor living on an island in Alaska	An optical Aleutian.
What's the difference between Ray Charles and Ray Rice	Ray Charles wasn't a one-hit wonder.
What do baby pythons play with	Rattle-snakes.
What branch of the military did the hipster join	The Salvation Army.
What does a bad salesman and a toilet have in common	They are both full of crap.
What does a 16 year old girl say in West Virginia	Get off me daddy, you're crushing my smokes
What do you call a blonde with half a brain	Gifted
What is the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One less drunk.
What do you give a kid with no hands for Christmas	Doesnt matter, he'll never unwrap the gift
What does an octopus wear on a cold day	A coat of arms!
What do you get when you cross a rock climber with a tsetse fly	Nothing. You can't cross a scaler and a vector.
What's the difference between a Pakistani elementary school and an Al Qaeda training camp	Don't ask me, I just fly the drone.
What's the best part of a woman	between 18 and 24 yrs
What do you call an underdeveloped chicken fetus in a frat house	...an embroyo! heyooooooooo
What do you call a time traveler who masturbated in the future	A blast from the past.
What's the similarity between a pizza delivery guy and a gynecologist	They both work with crust.
What does the chicken says to the other chicken	Nothing.
What did the mom say when she found out her son took an unexpected trip north	I don't like your latitude!
What is the greatest sport in the history of the Olympics	Discus(s). [I think this works better verbally...]
What do you call people who use the pull out method as form of birth control	Parents.
What is it called when Batman abandons Gotham city	Christian Bale.
What did the Roman say when the Greek accused him of stealing his gods	It was all a myth-take!
What do you call a terrorist holding an AK47 to your head	Sir.
What did Gordon Ramsey shout angrily at his girlfriend	IT'S ALL PINK IN THE MIDDLE
What did the Gorilla do with the apple he was holding in his hands	He brought it to school and said 'An Ape-lle for the teacher!'
What did the plate say to the fork	Don't worry, the dinner's on me.
What did the grape say when she let her kids play in the sun to long	I hate raisin kids!
What did the caveman give his wife on Valentine's Day	Ughs and kisses!
What do you call a military base that has quadrupled in size	Four-tified
What lights up a football pitch at night	A football match.......
What is the favorite school topic of Karma Whores	Derivatives
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are 50 cents but deer nuts are under a buck.
What's the difference between Here and There	When you're right the whole room shouts ""Here, here!"" But when you're wrong one person pats you on the back and says ""There, there.
What do engineers use for birth control	Their personalities
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman	The Dark Knight Rises...............
What did the male elephant say to his buddy when a female elephant passed by	Thirty six thousand, twenty four thousand, thirty six thousand, wow!
What is the difference between being horny and hungry	Where you put the cucumber.
What kind of medicine does Dracula take for a  cold	Coffin medicine.
What do you call a picture of Simon Pegg's brother	JPEG
What do you call a man doing dishes	Single.
What do you get when someone sexts you	Naughtyfications
What's it like paying a dude for sex	It's a pain in the ass.
What does Hitler and Barney Stinson have in common	They are both legend... wait for it ...aryan
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry Potter escaped the chamber.
[Dirty] What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry escaped the chamber.
What did one volcano call the other volcano	An Ash-hole.
What do 'Free bird' by Lynyrd Skynyrd and my orgasms have in common	5 minutes solo. Meh.
What did the Scotsman say when he went for another drink	Hey, where'd my Glascow?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a black prince	A british tank you racist.
What's Hitlers most hated candy	Jewb jewbs
What do you call a road that doesn't care about anyone	A psycho-path.
What do you call a person who likes white rice, and not brown rice	A ricest.
What is the famous martial art of Israel	Jiu-Jitsu
What's the difference between a golf ball and a Ford	You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.
What does a meditating cow say	.ooOOOMMMMOOOOOooooo........
What do you call a nurse with dirty knees	The head nurse.
What do you yell at a Muslim striptease	Show me your nose!
What did the feminist say in her intro to computer programming course	I hate this class, it keeps objectifying me!
What do you call a woman that raps about woman's rights	Feminem
What is the difference between Windows and the US Goverment	There is none. All of us hope that the next version will be more stable.
What's the difference between an angel and a Scotsman	To one you say, ""Hey you, get off my cloud!"" The other: ""Hey McLoed, get off my ewe!
What's the difference between starlings and swallows	Your mum doesn't starlings.
What drug can Donald Trump not live without	Xanax, for Hispanic attacks.
Q: What is the difference between the first and last desk of a viola section	A: Half a measure.
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	one less drunk
Q: What's the safest place to be during a North Korean missile strike	A: The place they are aiming at.
What do you call a hapoy frog	Hoppy
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	He wipes.
What do you call a white, poofy space alien	Martianmallow.
What do you call a chicken you own	A personal fowl
What has 100 legs but can't walk	50 pairs of pants.
What do you call a mentally handicapped lion	a leotard ~
What does a Mexican say to piss you off	You are now Manuelly breathing.
What's the difference between a Thai man and a Thai woman	Pls help.
What do you call two Mexicans on the back of a firetruck	Jose and Hose B
What do you call a frog in the no parking zone	Toad
What do you call a black woman with 8 abortions	A crime fighter.
What is the job of a gentleman pimp	To Tally-hos!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas	Bugs Bunny
What is black Jesus' favorite fruit	Wine-er-melon
What's worse than spiders on your piano	Crabs on your organ
What do you call someone who dyes their hair red	Trans-ginger
What do Mexican and Black people have in common	Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.
What's the difference between In-n-Out Burger french fries and League of Legends	I can control my salt intake at In-n-out.
What do you can an epileptic What do you call an epileptic in a garden	Seizure salad. edit: fixed the word 'call'
What's more impressive than the talking dragon	A spelling bee. Credit goes to a cheesestick wrapper!
Q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a pit bull	A: The pit bull doesn't carry a briefcase.
What did Ryu say to Ken	HOWAREYOUKEN?!
What are Super Mario &amp; Luigi's overalls made of	Denim-denim-denim... denim-denim-denim.
What kind of bees produce milk	Boobies
What do you call two gay Irishmen	Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
What did one casket say to the other	What did one casket say to the other casket?...Is that you coffin...
What do you get when you cross my mom and my dad	I don't know but my dad said it was a mistake :D
What did Anakin Skywalker cry out as he lay dying and on fire	Patme! Patme! Credit to my wife on this one
What do you call a midget fortune teller that just escaped from prison	A small medium at large.
what's the longest word in the dictionary	Smiles, because there is a mile between each s.
What came first the chicken or the egg	actually i came first... inside the chicken.
What do you call a Pixar film about Carpets	A Rug's Life.
What's Irish and sits by the pool	Paddy O'Furniture
What color were eyes of the Astronaut on the Challenger when it exploded	Blue. One blue this way &lt;---- and the other blue that way -----&gt;
whats the difference between a girl and a bus	What's the difference between a girl And a bus"" ""What?"" ""As more people that go in the bus the tighter it gets
What do call an epileptic person in a cabbage patch	Caeser salad.
What did hitler say on his cake day	YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN USING THE OVENS FOR THE FINAL SOLUTION!
What kind of photos do turtles take	Shellfies
What's the difference between Bono and Jesus	Jesus didn't walk around Dublin acting like he's Bono.
What do you call two crows on a fence	Attempted murder.
What do you call a midget fortune teller running from the police	A small medium at large.
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye	Chicken Caesar salad.
What's another term for a prodigal farmer	Someone who is outstanding in his field.
What do you call a sandstorm that won't go away	Da rude sandstorm
What's the best part of having sex with a transsexual	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What did the lazy suspect say to the court	I haven't done anything to warrant a rest.
What did the straight edge ghost say to the bartender	No boos for me.
What do ovens and oranges have in common	Jews ^^^^^get ^^^^^it? ^^^^^orange ^^^^^jews? ^^^^^I'll ^^^^^show ^^^^^myself ^^^^^out ^^^^^now
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast	surreal
What did Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant	Dead Ant, Dead Ant....Dead Ant, Dead Ant, Dead Ant...
What do you call a redditor in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What does a cloud with an itchy rash do	Find the nearest skyscraper.
What do you call someone who worships balls	Sack-religious.
What did the busy tailor say to the Scarecrow who needed some mending	I can't find the twine.
What is the difference between a teacher and a train	The teacher says, "" SPIT OUT THAT GUM!"" but a train says, "" CHOO CHOO
What started feminism	An unlocked kitchen door.
What letter never satisfies it's wife	The quick E
What's the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick in you ass.
What do gays and Donald Trump have in common	They're fucking assholes.
What's Hitler's favorite music genre	Reich and Roll
What did the clam with a lisp say to his greedy friend	You're so shelfish!
What do you call an evil physicist	Sinner of Gravity
What do you call four Mexicans stuck in quicksand	quattro sink-o
What kind of cake did Noah enjoy	Mabul cake.
What do women call men under 6 inches	Friends.
What's a nuns favorite day of the week	Sununday.
What do elephants use for tampons	Sheep
What is the definition of a will	C'mon. It's a dead giveaway.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Mercedes	A porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
What did the driver say to the one-legged hitchhiker	Hop in.
What happens to all Vertibird pilots	They Fallout
What do you call an incestuous nephew	An aunt-eater.
What Do You Call A Story About A Broken Pencil	Pointless
What would happen if black widow spiders were as big as horses	If one bit you, you could ride it to the hospital.
What is a Jawa's favorite food	Poutini!
What did the dentist witness after he gassed the rabbi	**jews laughter** The punchline is more of a visual joke, based upon where the reader places the ""s."" To my knowledge, this is an original joke.
What do you call a gay vampire	A fruit bat.
What do you call a gay in the middle of the ocean	Flambuoyant :)
What is better than getting a N64 on Christmas	Getting a N64 now
What did the cannibal say after he ate a woman in the Coliseum	He's gladiator.
What do you call two physicians	A paradox
What did Bacon say to Tomato	Lettuce get together!
What does Mozart put on his front lawn	Metrognomes
What do you call a mexican midget	A paragraph because he's too short to be an essay!
What did the Nazi say to the Cowboy	Reich for the sky!
what do you do when your dishwasher stops working	slap her
What is red and bad for your teeth	A brick
What did the sunbathing mother say to Michael Jackson as he walked by on the beach	Would you please move? You're in my sun.
Q: What do you call a monster snake that works for the government	A: A civil serpent.
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall	Damn
What did the witch say to the ugly toad	I'd put a curse on you - but somebody beat me to it!
What are the three fastest forms of communication	Telephone, telegraph, tell a woman.
What do Tempurpedic mattresses and raptors have in common	They remember
What's Nigel Farage's favourite Christmas song	I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
What does a Fire cracker and a duck have in common	They both Quackle!
What face does a Syrian make when he has a bad day	Assad one. On a side note, I hope prosperity upon all the Syrians who have been displaced.
What's the difference between a cheeesburger and Reddit gold	A cheeseburger can't feed your ego.
What costs you more the less you spend on it	A divorce lawyer.
What do Chefs and Murderers have in common	The best ones clean up after themselves
What's the difference between Gabe Newell and a toddler	A toddler can count past two...
What did one necrophiliac say to the other as they walked by the morgue	You wanna stop in and suck down a couple of cold ones?
What kind of car does a pirate drive	Toyota YARis
What's grey and comes in gallons	An elephant.
What's a cats favorite thing to read	A CATalog
What's the difference between an Irish Wedding and an Irish Funeral	One less drunk.
What's the NSDAP's favourite kind of Jew	I dunno, ashkenazi!
What do you call a herpes pun	a play on warts
What kind of breath freshener does George Clinton use	Parlia-mints
What did the little girl say when opened up a box of Cheerios	Awww, look daddy, doughnut seeds!!!
what do you get when you put a roofie in lemonade	Lemonlaid.
What did the dog get when he multiplied 497 by 684	The wrong answer.
What did the cat say when the delivery man was leaving	Purolator.
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school	I don't know, I only fly the drone
What did the astronaut get on his science project	He received a T minus.
What do you call someone who's afraid of Santa getting stuck in their chimney	Claus-trophobic.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
What's the difference between America and yoghurt	Yoghurt has culture
What do you call a happy Russian	Gladimir Putin!
What's the difference between a priest and a dog	One wears pants and a collar, the other wears a collar and pants
What's the difference between young girls and photographs	After putting them in a dark room, you have to wait for the photograph to fully develop.
What did one tomato say to the other	Catch up.
What did the urologist say to his physician before he hired him	URINE. I'll let myself out.
What does King Kong and a black person have in common	neither of them can't speak english and are unemployed.
What is a Muslims favourite video game	Goat simulator
What's Hitler's favorite drink	Orange Juice made from concentrate
Whats a ducks favourite drug	Quack cocaine
What do they call a whore's fart	A Prosti-Toot
What's the Riddler's favourite beverage	Obscuri-tea.
What happened when the cannibals ate a  comedian	They had a feast of fun.
What's the difference between a cactus and a schoolbus	Cactus has little pricks on the outside
What's the difference between Greece and a good software application	Greece doesn't have default settings!
What does Professor Xavier say when he wants to be tickled	tummy, my X-Men!
What's E.T. short for	Cos he's only got little legs
What happens when you eat fireworks	Your hair comes out in bangs.
What's below the Pyrenees	A pair of ankles
What does a donkey say	It says ""Hey Shrek, whats up?"" (I was 9 when i made this okay)
What do you call a woman with two brain cells	Pregnant.
What are Pirate clothes made of	Yarrrrrn.
What is the only alcoholic beverage Muslim extremists are permitted to drink	Smirnoff ISIS
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay 300 dollars to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a nation of programmers	A developing country
What is the big difference between chopped pork and pea soup	Everybody can chop pork but nobody can pea soup.
Q: What kind of printer does a pig use	A: An oinkjet.
What's your number	A jewish girl and a man walks into a bar. They hit it off and the man asks for the girls number. She lifts her sleeve.
What do you get if you cross a cat with Father Christmas	Santa Claws !
What do you call a cow with only two legs	...Lean Beef.
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer	We're both lawyers.
What is the only word that a redneck will capitalise	Punishment.
What does Nic Cage have in common with Asian fathers	Oh God, not the B's! Not the B's!
What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye	Chicken Caesar Salad
What do moldy corn flakes and Charles Manson have in common	They're both cereal killers!
What goes all around the world but stays in one corner the entire time	Stamps!
What do you call a rapper who can only jerk off when he has like a TON of lube	Wetty Fap
What does a vegetable get in bowling	A-spare-I-guess
What does a sperm whale say after getting a massage	(NSFW) You're whale-cum!
What's the difference between a lesbian and a vacuum cleaner	One is great with a carpet, the other one sucks my dick.
What do you call 10,000 SJW's at the bottom of the ocean	a good start.
What does a Browns fan say to a robber	I hate the steelers.
What's the hardest thing in the morning	Getting your mom to leave!!! Ooooo Thought it'd be a penis joke, didn't ya. Those are to easy
What is green and eats nuts	Syphilis
What is the phobia of chainsaws called	Common Sense
What do you get if you breed a hedgehog and a grass snake	*Interbreed. A meter of barbed wire. It's funnier in Russian
What do you call 4 Mexicans in a boat with a terrible leak	Cuatro sinko
What are a plumbers least favorite kind of shoe	Clogs.
What do you call an obese psychic	A four chin teller.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	Ten-ish
What do you call a black man flying a plane	**A pilot** ... you racist
Q: What what can you make from baked beans and onions	A: Tear gas.
What does a mediating blond girl sound like	Ummmmmmmmmm....
What is Zack Morris's favorite type of word	A Preppysition
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club	One has cunning stunts the other has stunning...
What is the best tool for getting a handle on your gambling addiction	A vice grip.
What's pink and fluffy	Pink fluff. Whats blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Q: What directions did the ghost give the goblin	A: ""Make a fright turn at the corner.
What is the first thing you feel when you shoot a baby with a gun	Recoil
What's the hardest part of telling a good gay joke	Keeping a straight face
Q: What do you call a bunch of blondes standing ear to ear	A: A wind tunnel.
What's the difference between American and European kids	European kids actually come home from school.
what do elephants use as a tampons	Sheep.
What's the leading cause of violence in America	Volkswagen Beetles.
What does Ramen and Ketchup taste like together	Poverty.
What happened when the joker dropped an elephant carrying a ten ton weight on Batman and Robin	They became flatman and ribbon. /u/realhermit has left the building.
What do you call a guy who falls into a Yellowstone hot spring	Stew.
What do you call it when you think you've lost your Italian cured meat, but then you find it again	A falsalami
What's the difference between a reindeer, a knight and a cock	The knight is slaying dragons, the reindeer is draggin' sleighs.
What did Ryu say when he was taking a dump	... ""IMMM-DUKEN!'
What's the fastest way to make a skeleton	Put a leper in a wind tunnel
What do they call the fairy in the Mexican version of Peter Pan	Taco Bell.
Whats an intercourse	Something you do between the periods.
What kind of foods do arthritic cannibals love to eat	Finger foods...
What is the oldest joke in the book	The first one written
What is the favorite number of french potheads	80
What did the deaf, blind dumb kid get for Christmas	Cancer.
What's it like to have sex with a retard	SLOW and SPECIAL
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline	I take my shoes off before I jump on a trampoline
What do paedophiles and tortoises have in common	They both want to get there before the hair
What's the difference between a nun in church and a nun in the bath	One has hope in her soul...
What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies	Bingo.
What did Davy Crockett say when he showed up to the Alamo	What are all these landscapers doing here?
What do you call a masturbating cow	beef stroganoff
What do you get when you dry out a Stark	Raisin Bran
What do you call a prison inmate with a skin disease	A Leper-Con
What do you call the elusive Mexican Jew	El Cheapacabra
Whats the difference	Between a large pizza and a black father. A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What's the top song by the Vietnamese Beatles	Rice Fields Forever.
What does poop have in common with the Boston Rioters	They're both revolting! *Baltimore. I clearly don't know my B-Cities.
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones	Trombones!
What did the runaway melon say to the honeydew on Valentine's Day	I cantaloupe.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only took one nail to hang the picture of Jesus.
What does the ""B"" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for	Benoit B Mandelbrot
What does it take to reunite the Beatles	2 more bullets
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween	Pump-Kin
What to do	What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down, and use more lube.
What are 5 ""Ms"" from Detroit	GM, Eminem and Michael Moore.
What Were Franco's Secret Police Called	The Gazpacho
Q: What do you call a can opener that doesn't work	A: A can't opener.
What did Barack say to Michelle when he proposed	I don't wanna be Obama self
What's the difference between a retard and a baby	The baby has a soul.
What did the bald man say when he got a comb as a gift	I'll never part with this!
What has a bottom on top	A leg.
What did GabeN tell his wife when she shouted ""shut your hole"" at him	Babe, it's a valve!
What do you call a gay man flying a plane	A pilot, you homophobic bastard!
What do you call a rich Chinese	Cha-Ching
What's the best part about a selfie stick	You don't have to look far to find something to beat the user of one in the head.
What do mexicans call their erect penises	Beaners
What's the difference between a collection and an addiction	I don't have an alcohol collection.
What's the difference between a blimp and 365 blowjobs	One's a Goodyear; the other's a great year.
What do you call a Chinese pilot	A pilot you racist!
What happened to all the Paul Walker jokes	It seems like they started going pretty fast, then just...stopped.
What can bring out your inner child	A coathanger.
What did the man say after he got into a fight with the amputee	You stumped me!
What do windows feel when they get hurt	Pane!
What is a Mexican's most favourite sport	Cross-country
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the boy	Hey Kid, go easy on the candy! Probably been here before, I just thought it was hilarious for some reason.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	... ackhh achkghk
What alternative energy does Trump propose	White power
What's the difference between a Japanese person and a cannibal	One eats Ramen, the other eats Raw Men
What's the creepiest body of water	Lake Eerie. Note: This joke has probably been made before.
What's the best part of being an abortion doctor	The free lunch.
What do you call an STI in your nose	Sniff-illis
What's the M0D's name before they're triggered; turning into a furious, putrid, lump of blubber	Bruce Banner
What do horror movies and printer ink have in common	The black one always dies first.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with an  elephant	An elephant who never forgets to eat his carrots.
What did one rock pool say to the other rock  pool	Show me your mussels.
What do you call a guy with rabbits up his arse/ass	Warren.
What do you call a fish with no eye	(x-post: /r/badjokes) Fsh.
What crawls up walls and scares the shit outta Jews	Gas pipes.
What do you call a penis and a potato on a boats	A dictatorship!
What do you do when you stub your toe	Call a ""toe"" truck.
What's a shopaholic's favourite boy band	NSYNC
What do you call a hard working man from whose chauffeur is from seoul	Korea driven.
What do you call it when the bull impales the bullfighter	A hole in Juan!
What person shows you around a mental hospital	Tour-ettes :)
What do you call a mexican with no legs	consuelo
What do lawyers and sperm have in common	1 in 3 million have a chance of becoming a human being
What's the difference between a tea bag and a used tampon	- What's the Difference between a tea bag and a used tampon? - I dunno... - I'm never drinking tea at your house again then!
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandles	Philippe Philoppe
What did one math book say to the other	Don't bother me; I've got my own *problems!*
What is the one thing that all men at  singles bars have in common	They're married.
What's more horrifying than finding a stack of dad's playboys in the basement	Realising one of them's still breathing.
What's the best thing about having Parkinson's	Never having to buy another electric toothbrush.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake	A milkshake
What do you call a tennis match between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder	Endless love.
What do elves learn in school	The elf-abet.
What do you call a fish that can't sing	An out-of-tuna!
Whats the best place to drive to in Iowa	The Middle. That way, you're always driving out of Iowa.
What happens when you put your grandma on speedial	You get Insta-Gram
What do you call two crows sitting in a tree	Attempted murder
What do you call a Greek stripper	Popalottapus
What was the name of Hitler's Political Party: A, B, C, or D	Heres a hint: It's not C!
What's the difference between fight club and veganism	You don't talk about fight club.
What's the dumbest animal in the desert	The Polar Bear
What's the difference between a beer and a down syndrome kid	If you end up with a badly poured beer you can blow it's head off.
What is simultaneously the best and worst thing one can hear at the dentist	These are the best looking teeth I've ever come across
What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before	A key
What did God say to Noah	Make a backup, I need to re-format this.
What's the difference between men and government bonds	Bonds mature.
What does one lesbian pirate say to another lesbian pirate	Scissor me timbers.
What do Amy Winehouse and Jeremy Clarkson have in common	They were both on top gear.
What's the best thing about fucking a pregnant woman	Getting a blowjob at the same time.
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy	A dry Martinez.
What do you do after you make a rough castle on the beach	You sand it!
What do Mexicans play at their funerals	Another Juan Bites The Dust
What do you call a bunch of gay guys in a bowl for breakfast	Queerios
Q: What's green and sings	A: Elvis Parsley.
Whats the worst part about dumping a Japanese girl	Having to drop the bomb on them twice before they get it.
What happens if the protesters in Egypt win	They advance to the finals against Tunisia.
What do you call a stoner balancing his checkbook	High finance!
What do you call a cow that can't produce milk	Udderly useless.
What do you call an eternity	Four Blondes at a  four way stop.
What's the first thing an Owl asks when you trow a rock at it	HOOO did that!
What do you do when a gay man is choking	Take your dick out of his mouth.  im sorry
What do you call a potato that's also a sports fan	A spec-tator!
What did Donald Duck become after losing his tv show	a quack dealer.
Q: What goes clop, clop, clop - BANG! BANG! BANG! - clop, clop, clop	A: An Amish drive-by shooting.
What did the egg say to the water	I cant get hard, i just got laid by the chicken.
What do you get when you cross Gnomes and Worgen	? Micro-Worgenisms! (From my Bizzard support ticket response today.)
What is the most breathless thing on television	The Pink Panter Show !
What was Hiroshima's code name in World War 2	Target Practice.
what do you call a racist tampon	twatstika.
What did the butcher say the the angry customer	I'm sorry that we couldn't meat your needs. I came up with that myself about a year ago.
What's the difference between a viola and a coffin	With a coffin, the dead person is on the inside.
What do you get from a pampered cow	Spoiled milk!
What did the Cannibal get when he was late to dinner	They gave him the cold shoulder.
What's green and flies over Poland	Snotzis.
What's Tinkerbell's favorite drink during ""that time of the month	A Bloody Fairy. Sorry everybody.
What do you call the foreskin on a gay guy..	Mud flaps
What does the dead comedian cook with	Deadpan
What do you get from a pampered cow	Spoiled milk.
What gets longer when pulled... Fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole and works best when jerked	-- -- A seatbelt!
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy	I don't know and I don't care...
What is a cow's favorite Bob Seger song	Night moooves. Sorry...
What happened to the egg when he was tickled too much	He cracked up.
What happened when Curiosity took Accusation out on a date	She aroused suspicion.
What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath	One has hope in her soul...
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug addict	The prostitute can wash her crack and then use it again!
What do Dothraki use to count their horses	A Khalculator
What do you call it when someone gets hit by a bus on his way to pay off his student loans	Crippling debt! It's funny because he can't walk anymore!
What goes in hard and comes out soft and sticky	Gum.
Q: What does a blonde put behind her ears to  make her more attractive	A: Her ankles.
What is it a volcano has which gives him trouble erupting	Eruptile dysfunction.
What did one lesbian pirate say to the other	Scissor me timbers. ^^im^fucking^sorry
What's a pirate's favorite bomb	The tsARRR bomba.
What's Rolf Harris' favourite chord	A Minor
What was the Russian mohel's name	Borris Kutchyakockoff
What did the dominatrix say to Dwayne Johnson before they got started	I'm about to be peoples elbow deep in the rocks bottom.
Q: What do you say to a man with five penises	A: ""Your jeans fit like a glove.
What does a panda ghost eat	Bam-BOO!
What did Johnny Cash say to the waitress after he got sick at a Mexican restaurant	I've bean everywhere, ma'am!
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato	A dictator.
What do you call a dentist gunfighter	Clean Teathstwood.
What do you call an and with frogs legs	An antphibian !
What do you call a woman with no clitoris	What ever you want. She isn't going to come.
What do you call an instrument that gets a president impeached	Harmonica Lewinsky.
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew	A pizza comes out of the oven.
What Are The Two Most Important Orifices' On A Woman	The nostrils so she can breathe while she sucks your dick.
What's the difference between Ice Age 4 and Batman The Dark Knight	The kids walked out of Ice Age 4... Alive
What eats everything	An Om-nomnivore
What font is alphabet soup produced in	Times New Ramen
What is the definition of irony	Having a democratic debate in a city that was destroyed by over 50 years of democratic rule.
What do you call a lizard on drugs	A mariguana.
What's the difference between unlawful and illegal	One's against the law, and the other's a sick bird.
What does the day of election and Taco Tuesday have in common	So much shit is going down today.
What has 9 arms and still sucks	Def Leppard
What did the horse say when he fell down	I've fallen and I can't giddyup.
What's it called when a priest is always late	Collared people's time
What's the most useless thing ever	Anne Frank's drum kit.
What did the prostitute say to her client	It's a business doing pleasure with you.
What's the difference between a hungry girl and a horny girl	Where she puts the cucumber.
What do you say when a Canadian won't listen to you	He'll have Nunavut
What do a 14 year old and an open bucket of bleach have in common	For twenty bucks either'll take care of your toddler. -&amp;y (yup, mine)
What's a riot	Three dyslexics
What do you call the doctor for dogs	Dogtor
What do dads say when they see someone peeing	European.
What do you call a loud Trump supporter	A Trumpet.
What's the first thing a redneck buys when going to a family reunion	Condoms.
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	A BMW's pricks are on the inside!
What's the biggest moth in the world	A mammoth !
What do ghosts use for lube	Rectoplasm...
What do you do if the Ocean stares at you	Sea it and Wave :3
What did Stevie Wonder's younger brother think their parents named him after British royalty	Because they named him Stevie Twoder.
What did the mods say when they found me giving Reddit gold to my alt account	He who smelt it, dealt it.
What's faster than a speeding bullet	A Jew with a coupon.
What do you get with breaking news	News casts.
What do you call having sex with someone with herpes	*A bumpy ride*
What did one strawberry say to the other	If you hadn't been so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!
What do you do if a blonde person throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back.
What do you call a pirate that sells things	A sailor.
What do you call a Jew that can fly	Smoke
What does Harry Potter say after he purchases slaves	I expect to Potter-own 'em.
What's the Cuban national anthem	Row, row, row your boat
What's Sam Smith's favorite type of nut	[It's an alllllllllmond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB63ztKnGvo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37s)
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	A guy in a wheelchair after a house fire.
What's Irish and sits on a deck	Patty O'Furniture
What do call a potato that knows martial arts	Jacket Chan
What is a female to male trans person's favourite video game console	The Ex-Box
What did Mario tell his girlfriend when he broke up with her	...It's not a you, it's a me, Mario!
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane	A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton	Bill got fucked in the oval office and Hillary just got fucked out of it.
What does the most interesting man in the world eat for breakfast	Dos Eggies
What is brown and rhymes with ""snoop""	Dr. Dre.
What's high in the middle and round on both ends	Ohio.
What do you call a dog with no legs	... It doesn't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
What does a Satanist take when their allergies to Christians act up	Anti*Christ*amine's
What did terrorist say to my friend Jack	Hi Jack!
Whats similar with a Dick and a Rubik Cube	If you play with it, it gets harder...
What's black and white and red all over	A nun falling down the stairs.
What can run out before you've had a chance to use it	Slaves.
What did the grizzly bear study at college	He was an Ursa Major
What does a vegan zombie eat	Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains!
What do you call man with.. What do you call man with a rucksack on his back and salt and pepper on his head	A seasoned traveller.
What is the most deadliest breakfast	Ebola cereal. Note: Got it from my stepbrother who has his moments.
What do you call a group of Indians	A Paki
What do you call a supernatural goose riding a bike seeking vengeance	Goose Rider
What's a terrorist's favourite car	A Ford Exploder.
What did the drowning number theorist say	logloglogloglogloglogloglogloglog
What's black and white and red all over	Schindler's List
What did fruit loops say when launching their product to compete with cheerios	Toucan play at that game
What's red and bad for your teeth	A brick!
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of shit	The bucket.
What is Hodor's favorite cereal	Raisin' Bran.
What crime did the viticulturist get imprisoned for	Grape.
What's the difference between a male and female table	A male table is made with hard wood.
What's the difference between a blue 7 and a red 4	3, duh. (My ex's 9 year old little sister told me this joke, and followed is up with: ""and YOU'RE the math guy!"" &gt;_&lt; Burned.)
What is Cole's law	Thinly sliced cabbage with mayonnaise
What do you call someone who is rude and has no corners	A circle-jerk.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord	Q: What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord? A: My ass!
What's an idealist vegetarian's favorite meal	Peas and hominy
What is Kim Jong Un's favourite food	Yellowcake.
What's an emo's favorite ice cream flavor	Noose Tracks
What did the Englisman say when he got a bad deal at the bazaar	Egypt me!
What did the jew say when he reached the concentration camp	AU SHWITZ
what did one bruise say to the other	Have a swell day
What do they call a virgin down in the south	Faster than her brother!
Whats the best thing about duct tape	It turns NO! NO! NO! into MMM MMM MMM
What's the difference between Batman and a Black man	Batman can go out at night without Robin
What movie title best fits The Flash's sex life	The Fast and the Furious.
What does a Redditor do at prom	He looks for the punchline
What's the worst thing to read in Braille	Don't touch this.
What do you call a politically correct boat	A censorship
What's a big game hunter	Someone who's lost his way to the match.
What do you call a joke that is not funny	An unfunny joke
What's the best part about dating an epileptic	You don't have to pay for a vibrator.
What do you ask when an Indian comes up in a conversation	Dot or no dot
What happened to the dinosaurs that first was aware of the metheorite	The where petrified.
What's a narcissistic hooker's favorite state	Idaho.
What do you get when you cross a Jehova's Witness with a Hell's Angel	Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
What did the french baker ghost said	BOO! Langerieeee!
What is the most whoreish profession today	Store greeters. They let everybody 'come inside'! no offense folks! :)
What do you get if you cross a salmon a bird's leg and a hand	Birdsthigh fish fingers !
What is your funniest joke about the French	Mine is this: How do you pick out the Frenchmen in a room full of naked soldiers? They're the ones with sunburned armpits.
What do you call it when batman plays hooky from church	Christian Bale
What's the difference between a Clinton inauguration and a Wu-Tang reunion	There's a chance of another Wu-Tang Reunion happening.
What do STDs and jokes have in common	They're both easily spread.
What happened to the guy who farted in church	He sat in his own pew.
What do Germans call a flying jew	Smoke.
What STD is found most commonly among lesbians	Carpet burn
What did the vampire do to stop his son biting his nails	He cut all his fingers off !
What did the buffalo say to his son on the first day of school	He waves and says Bi son
What did the Zen master say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What is the smallest book in history	French War Victories.
What is ""The Fonz's"" favorite breakfast	Eeeeeeeeeeggs
What is the difference between boogers and Brussels sprouts	Little kids will eat boogers.
What do you call a slut that just took laxatives	DiWHOREea
What's the difference between hardware and software	A floppy dick
What is the big hairy thing between Napoleon's legs	His horse Marengo
What's a pirate's favorite letter	P"" because it's an R that lost a leg.
What did the Asian police dog say to the robber	Fleas!
What was the pig when he got laryngitis...	He was dis-gruntled!
What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT	0 - Nice belt. 8 - thank you :)
What's red and smells like blue paint	Red paint!
What Do You Call A Policewoman Who Shaves Her Pubes	Cuntstubble
What's green, fuzzy, and if it falls out of a tree it'll kill you	A pool table.
What do you get if you cross a ghost and a newsreader	A spooksman !
What do you get if you cross a pig with a karate expert	A pork chop.
What girl's name is like a letter	Kay (K).
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday	Aye matey
What looks like red paint but is dry	Dried red paint
What flower loves to be in the sun	Sunflower.
What kind of bees give milk	boobies
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaay.
What does a gay horse eat	Haaaaay!
What's the difference between a dirty bus terminal and a large-breasted crab	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What's the problem with an invisible penis	You never see it coming.
What is the highest point in Israel	Mountain Dew.
What device can make prostitution legal	A camera.
What's every spider's dream job	A web designer.
What did the Mexican say when the house fell on him	Get off me holmes
what do you get when you call a subreddit ""jokes"" and have more than 21 000 readers	an average of 22 jokes a day. this is a fucking joke
What does a dyslexic tiger and a bus driver have in common	A bus driver can't change his stops.
What does a mentally disabled lizard said to be diagnosed with	A Reptile Dysfunction *ba dum tss* I'll be here all night folks
What foreplay does the praying mantis girlfriend enjoys	Being given head.
What do you call the cross between an elephant and a rhino	'Ell if I know.
What do you call a cow that can't moo	A milk dud Credit to my 5 year old nephew
What part of a football ground is never the  same	The changing rooms!
What's a reporter's favorite food	Ice cream because they always want a scoop!
What's the difference between a Jew and a Canoe	Every once in a while a Canoe would tip.
What's the best thing about twenty three year olds	There's twenty of them.
What color were Hitler's shits	Eva Brown!
What did the underweight onion say to the garlic	No more light bulb jokes!
What does a guy who's self-conscious about his uncircumcised penis say to his barber	Just a little off the tip- I mean top.
What is the difference between a terrorist hideout and a school	How should I know? I just fly the drones.
What did a lemon with a lisp say to the juicer	Thtop taking the pith out of me!
What's the difference between communism and capitalism	In the former, man exploits man, in the latter, it's exactly the opposite.
What are the two biggest lies when working for a large corporation	Hello. I'm from the head office and I'm here to help you"" ""Welcome. We're glad to have you
what lies dead, a hundred feet in the air	a dead centipede
What's the definition of a Parapet	Pet parrot kept by parachutist!
What do you call a girl that gives head in the shower	Brainwashed.
What happened to the lost cattle	Nobody's herd.
What's the worst part about season 1 of Lost	The *pilot* episode.
What building has the most stories	A library.
What is the difference between a man and a cat	One eats a lot, is lazy and doesnt care who brings the food. The other is a pet.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Joffrey Baratheon	Trump is older.
What country makes the most milk	Nepal
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A mega sore ass
What did the father buffalo say to his son when he left for college	Bison
[NSFW] What do male pornstars and miners have in common	They both specialise in drilling 'ores.
What's the difference between a white baby and a black baby	300 degrees in the oven.
What kind of car does Jesus drive	A Christ ler
What do you say when you're comforting a grammar nazi	There,Their,They're
What do you call the worst Dr. who graduated from the worst med school	Dr.
What's ISIS favourite meal	Turkey! Its the bomb!
What do you get when you mix a helicopter and a rhino	Hell if I know.
What's the difference between a pig and a ham sandwich	You can get a prosecutor to indict the ham sandwich.
What did the ocean say to the beach	Nothing. It just waved.
What do you call a butt-naked person on the moon	An Ass-tronaut
Whats the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds	There's twenty of them
What's the best part about having a dog lick peanut butter off your balls	Finishing.
What's the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence	I don't know, and I don't care one way or the other.
What can't a man with no arms break	His fall.
What do you call 7 white guys sitting on a bench	The nba
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine	In a BMW, the prick is on the inside.
What do you call a gay cop in a glory hole	[NSFW] Pulled Pork.
What kind of bees do female ghosts have to deal with	Dead ones, you guys. Dead ones.
What's the difference between reddit gold and the Greek drachma	People usually thank you for giving them reddit gold.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	It's easy to roast beef...
What do you call a /u/LegitLizard that can't move	A /u/LegitLizard with e_reptile_ dysfunction!
What do you call... What do you call a dinosaur with one eye	A doyouthinkhesawus (saurus)!
Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke	Your Mom can't take a joke.
What's the difference between a baby and a pound of coke	Eric Clapton would never drop a pound of coke.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No Eye-deer
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter	Quack, quack.
What did Ahab yell out to Moby Dick as it swam away	Catch you later!
What has 10 letters and starts with gas	automobile
What is Mozart doing right now	Decomposing.
What is similar about a necrophiliac and an alcoholic	They both like to crack open a cold one
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never paid to have a lentil on me.
What did a lesbian frog tell another lesbian frog	Damm, we do taste like chicken!
What do you say to the Montana barista when they overfill your chamomile	Beautiful
What's the difference between your job and a dead hooker	Your job still sucks
What time of day are you not able to find your watch	4:04
What time does Sean Connery show up at Wimbledon every year	About tennish.
What is a Roman wrestlers favorite meal	JOHN CENA
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The Wheelchair!
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use a lubricant.
What do you call a group of 5 guys named Curtis that are all wearing matching suits	A Curtis-y flush
What do reddit and Playboy magazine have in common	No one actually reads the articles.
What do you call a bad pun	Punishment.
What do you call 0.33333333333 of a shit	A turd.
What does Sigmund Freud say comes between fear and sex	funf (it helps if you say it out loud, and understand German) :-)
What does a hippy tell you when you ask them to leave	Namaste
What looks like grass but is red	grass, i lied about the red part
What's the difference between Whitney Houston and my car	My car can hit 50
What do you call a horny square	Erectangle
What's the difference between a duck	One of its legs are both the same
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water	I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard.
Whatr do you get when you have communist lemons	LENIN-NADE. Just smack me.
What's the difference between an injured elephant and bad weather	One roars with pain and the other pours with rain !
What do u call a Mexican with a rubber toe	Roberto
What kind of bees produce milk	Boobees
What's a dragon's favorite snack	A firecracker!
What do Afghan stoners smoke	Hindu Kush
What is the difference between ice and dry ice	Dry ice lacks of water.
What to you get if you cross a parrot with an  elephant	An animal that tells you everything that it remembers !
What do you call a camel in Alaska	Lost.
What is a pirate's favorite letter	He'll always like R.... But his true love is the C
What kind of phone does The Flash use	Not an iPhone because Apple doesn't support flash
What is One Direction's favorite place to eat	Five Guys
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor.
Q: What does a computer eat when it's hungry	A: Chips -- one byte at a time.
What is the longest word in the english language	SMILES: there is a mile between the first and last letters!
What was David Bowie's last hit	Probably Morphine
What do you call an Arab man who drives a bus	A bus driver.
What rhymes and let's you instantly know a redditor is a moron	Purple circle. /r/thebutton
What's the worst part about getting AIDS	Having to tell your friend his kids should get tested.
Whats the fastest way to cut down a tree	Suh Dude
What did one condom say to the other at a gay bar	Let's get shitfaced!
What do Alan Turing and a well-mixed solution have in common	They're both homo-genius.
What do you call four drowning Mexicans	Cuatro Sink-O
[NSFW] What's the difference between a sex doll and a store mannequin	Persistence.
What do you call a Maxican migdet	A paragraph because their not a full ese
What's long, hard, and has cum in it	Cucumber you nasty bastard
What would you get if you crossed a chicken with a dog	A hen that lays pooched eggs.
What's the difference between hanging with friends and jacking it on the toilet	One means you're taking a load off and shooting the shit, the other is taking a shit and shooting a load off.
What did Sting say to his proctologist	Don't stand so close to me.
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	Their biggest hits were the wall.
What did Cesar say when the people of Rome wanted to re-empower the Tribune	Oh, Plebes.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	A boy scout comes back from his camp.
What do you call something that is big, red, and sucks cock	A big red cocksucker.
What is it called when you think you see a popstar in the desert	It's a Nicki Mirage.
What happens when you throw a piano down a mine shaft	A flat miner.
What's better than Chrisopher Walken	Ted Danson.
What are terrorists taught in math class	Jihadmetry. What do they learn about? ISISciles triangles.
What did the band Weezer say about the nudist beach	All the mammaries made me want to go back there!
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute	About a hundred bucks an hour.
What do you call a man that stabs many packets of Cornflakes	A Cereal Killer.
What do you call those things on either side of an old lady's belly button	Her tits
What do you call a pilot who tries to tell a joke but gets distracted and crashes his plane into a building	A comickaze
What workout routine did Jesus stick to best	Crossfit
What's bad about being a Black Jew	They have to sit in the back of the oven.
What do you say when the yoga teacher tells you to leave class for no reason	Nah, I'mma stay.
What animals talk on the telephone the most	The yakety-yaks!
What did the sun say after melting Frosty the Snowman	I came, I thaw, I conquered .
What happened to the Indian chief who drank too much tea	He drowned in his tea-pee.
What kind of shoes does bread wear	Loafers.
What does a know-it-all always have in their kitchen	A pedantry.
What's the difference between a pun and a dad joke	A pun can make you groan, but a dad joke goes even father.
What does the old Nazi call his favorite reclining chair	Mein Kampfy chair.
What do you call a homosexual man on a wheel chair	A human being
What do you say to the midget prostitute	Don't you think you're selling yourself short?
What is a Ghosts' favorite type of party	A BOOkake party!
What is Father Christmas's tax status	Elf-employed.
What is something that can breakdance on the floor only once on their life	A fish
Whats brown and sticky	a stick
What would To Kill a Mockingbird be called if Harper Lee was an alcoholic	Tequila Mockingbird.
What is a Mexicans favorite band	Hispanic at the Disco
What did Santa Claus's wife say during a thunderstorm	'Come and look at the rain dear.'
what do goats and humans have in common	Their kids are nice and tender.
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian	Jah bless.
What came first, the chicken or the egg	The rooster, then he rolled over and fell asleep.
What's the longest you've stayed in bed	I usually sleep ON the bed. #DadJoke
What do you say when you catch a deer with no eyes	I have no-eye-deer! (Unless you're a dad, you may need to sound it out)
What do you call a vampire ophthalmologist	Count Drocular
What do we want	A 2016 calendar! When do we want it? Late 2015!
What kind of tie does a pig wear	Pig's tie !
What starts with ""f"" and ends with ""uck""	FIRE DUCK O SHIT WADDUP
What do cows get when they are sick	Hay Fever
[therapist] what seems to be the problem	[her] he only hears what he wants to hear. It's awful [me] oh my god yes, I would love a waffle
What do you call a Mexican who lost a car	Carlos
What About Having Viagra Jelly Dessert	http://rx-drugsmart.co/product/Viagra+Jelly.html
What is the difference between a Garbanzo Bean and a Chickpea	I wouldn't pay $10 to watch a garbanzo bean.
What did Hitler call his favorite piece of furniture	Mein Kampfy Chair
What kind of hair do oceans have	Wavy !
What's red and silver and bumps in to walls	A baby with forks in it's eyes.
What do you think of men who likes to eat fish	I think they are Sofishticated. I'll show myself out.
Q: What kind of fence goes on strike	A: A picket fence.
What do you call 144 rotten eggs	Gross.
What do you get if you cross a moth with a  firefly	An insect that can find its way around a dark closet.
What's the difference between an apple an a dead baby	I don't cum on an apple before I eat it
What do Rick Astley and a loyal partner in crime have in common	They'd both probably get raped in prison.
What do you call a small byte	A nibble.
What do Asian pirates say	ELLLLLLL!!!
What is good about being Swiss	Well, the flag is a big plus.
What color are Margaery's eyes	Blue. One blew this way, the other one blew that way!
What does a snail riding on a turtles back say	WWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What did the farmer call the cow that would not  give him any milk	An udder failure !
What do angry rodents send each other at Christmas time	Cross mouse cards !
What has two legs and bleeds a lot	Half a dog
What do you call a group of scientologist almonds	Nuts.
What's invisible and fucks kids	The Zika virus.
What are some towing related jokes i can impress my car club coworkers with	I've already got that the frog called our car club to get toad, but that's about where my puns end.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman	Snow balls
What do we call a wireless mouse	Hamster. Source: **Dad**
What do you call a British dinosaur	A tea rex.
What's the best thing about bee's	It's knees.
What's brown and sticky	Seriously. Guess.
What did one Jewish bird say to the other	Cheep
What Do You Call Two Trains Crossing A Road	A Bad City Planner!
What did the momma hawk say to her chicks	Quit falcon around or get the flock outta here!
What do I look for in a car	A sound-proof cabin so I can sing every rap lyric regardless of the neighborhood I'm driving through.
What's the definition of a tree	Something that stands still for forty years then suddenly jumps out in front of a woman driver.
What's the difference between a schoolmaster and a stationmaster	The stationmaster minds trains while the schoolmaster trains minds.
What do you call a hairpiece on an Asian guy	...an Oriental Rug.
What's the difference between a condom and the space-time continuum	There wasn't a hole in my dad's space-time continuum.
What do you call a brother and sister rack of ribs	? Riblings
What does an IT guys use for birth control	His personality.
What's a statistician's favorite form of art	Data-ism
What did the Skunk say at Church	Let us spray
What do you call a bear with no teeth	A gummy bear
What did the buffalo say to his son when he went to college	Bison.
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	A picture only takes one nail to hang up.
What did the guy with no arms and no legs get for christmas	Cancer.
What's the difference between a whore and a bitch	A whore sleeps with everyone at the party, a bitch sleeps with everyone except you.
What is a sure way to pleasure 9 out of 10 people	Gang rape.
What do you call a midget with a yeast infection	A quarter pounder with cheese.
What kind of laundry detergent do handicapped people use	Downy. I apologize for this one, it's pretty mean. I really do sympathize with handicapped people.
What do you call a bunch of furries, an all girls volleyball meet, and a video game tournament	Genesis 3.
What did Casper say to his girlfriend	I love you, boo!!
What do you call it when someone admits to caring about how they dress	A confashion.
What is the most socially unacceptable joke you know	Preferably really dark or 'just plain wrong' jokes.
What does George RR Martin call his erectile dysfunction	Writer's cock
What does a German say at a Dude Ranch	AUDI.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a KIA	Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a KIA.
What does Facebook and a conversation between two teenagers have in common	A lot of likes
What do you do when you see a Jew in Compton	Challah at ya boy!
What's big, green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls on you	A pool table
What do you get if you drink too much Gin	A double Gin
What is white a d 14 inches long	Nothing.
What do you call a fish with two knees	A two-knee fish! (works better when you're drunk)
What's the difference between my wife and the dress	The dress is white and gold
What do you call a fish with no mouth	A floppy dildo
What kind of coffee do terrorists hate	French press. (Too soon?)
What would Jesus say if you angered him	I'm Crossed.
What is black, white, black, white...	A nun falling down the stairs
What did they tell the most famous child actress from the 30's when she tried to audition for a role in Harry Potter	Shirley you can't be Sirius.
What do you call a lesbian platypus	A lickalotapus
What kind of birds go to church every Sunday	Birds of Pray
What do you call a very large number of bad people	[nsfw] A Cuntry.
What do you call a clever monster	Frank Einstein.
What did the Pharaohs use to keep their babies quiet	Egyptian dummies.
What is the difference between acne and gay men	Acne only attacks little boys when they reach puberty
What's J.D. Salingers favorite thing to have in a sandwich	RYEbread....
What did the man say when he accidentally bumped into the astronaut	I Apollo-gize
What's the difference between a French kiss and an Australian kiss	They are basically the same except you do an Australian kiss down under.
What do you call an old man selling plums	An entrepruner.
What's the difference between a potato and a vegetable...	Not knowing how to use a coathanger...
What did the blind man say when he passed the fish market	Helllooooo ladies!
What do British nuclear engineers eat	Fission chips.
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a bag of cocaine	Eric Clapton never lost a bag of coke out the window.
What's black on top and white underneath	Rape. Offensive jokes are fine as long as they are still jokes.
What's the difference between light and hard	You can sleep with the light on.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick into your mouth.
What did Sushie A say to Sushi B	Wasa-B! Let's roll.
What would it take to reunite the Beatles	2 more bullets.
What's the difference between a blow job and anal sex	A blow job will make your day but anal sex will make your hole weak.
What happens when you cross a fly and a mountain climber	Trick question, you can't cross a vector and a scalar.
What's the difference between toilet paper and the shower curtain	So you're the one.... (only if you answered ""i don't know"")
What's the difference between an onion and a hooker	I don't cry when I cut up the hooker
What was the geologists' favorite Musical genere	rock
What should the Packers call their cheerleaders	Green Baes
What does a gay horse eat	Dick you idiot.
what's the difference between an old greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 36B breasts	one's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean
What do you say to a family who has just experienced death of a family member due to anorexia	Sorry for the loss.
What did the kitten say when it slipped on a banana peel	? ""Meowch!
What kind of sounds does Jaimie Foxx make in the bedroom	No sound at all, the D is silent
What should you say when an old lady calls you a ""bastard sonofabitch""	I love you too, mom.
What do 1% of racist people do	They are making clubs like the KKK The other 99% are hidden here making bad jokes
What do you call a Canadian Spy Agency	The CIEh
What happens to donkeys in the winter	They change into brrrrrro's.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
What do Roman Doctors call I.V.s	Fours
What did the grape do when it got stepped on	It let out a little wine.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana	Tiger Woods knows how to pick a good driver.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs driving a car	Rex (made this one up myself!)
What did one saggy boob say to the other	We better get some support soon, or people are gonna mistake us for nuts.
What did the inn keeper say to the Big Dipper when he asked if he could rent a room	sorry this is only a four star hotel.
What is the favorite Christmas Carol of the Aryan brotherhood	I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
What do you call the gay A team	The Heyyy Team
What's the difference between a million dollar car and a pile of dead babies	There's no million dollar car in my garage.
What do you call a fat doctor	Fat with a P.H.D
What bait do you use to catch a space fish	A worm hole
What do you call a horny asian woman	Actually, I'm not going to finish that. It's a slippery slope.
What do you say when somebody cuts in front of you in line for Vietnamese noodles	Hey, pho queue, dude
What do you call a woman who pleasures herself with a vegetable	Mrs. Hawking
What did the mexican student say when he was asked to turn in his essay	I ain't no snitch.
What do you call Batman skipping church	Christian bail.
What does a dog do that you step in	Pants.
What's worse than a girl falling asleep during sex	A girl waking up during sex.
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, agnostic and an insomniac	A person who stays up all night contemplating the existence of dog.
What did the dad say to his baby who's being breastfed	You mothersucker.
What's the difference between the government and your wife	The government enjoys fucking you Edit: phrasing courtesy of tefkasm
What is red and smells like blue paint	Red paint. What else smells like blue paint? Solvent abuse rehab
What's the difference between your mother and a Mallard with a cold	One's a sick duck... I forget the rest but your mother's a whore
Q: What's the only thing worse than a  bagpiper	A: Good question. We're still trying to find out too.
What's black, jobless, homeless, fatherless, and has no life	Harambe.
what do you call an alligator in a vest	An Investigator
What is the best place to hide a corpse	On the second page of Google
What do you call a Muslim who plays '50s rock music during Ramadan	a Rama-dana-ding-dong
What does The Lion King have a lot of	Simbalism
What do you call a cow that has had an abortion	Decaffeinated
What do you call a handjob from a midget	A jump and touch.
What's the difference between Al'qaeda and civilians	Beats me I just fly the drone!
What's the difference between chemistry and cooking	In chemistry, you should never lick the spoon.
What comes after 69	Student: mouthwash teacher: get out
What do you say when German secret police is bugging you	geSTAHPo!
What did the coma patient win	A-trophy.
What do you call it when Batman skips church	Christian Bale
What do you call a promise you can't keep	A campaign promise.
What's a Whistleblower's favorite food	Leeks!
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature	Tequila mockingbird
What do you call two men hanging from a window sill	Kurt and Rod
What kind of cheese do metalheads eat	BRIEEEEEEEEEEEE. I hate myself
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	Donald Trump has never had a garbanzo bean on him.
What do you call a man with a one inch penis	Justin.
What do rodents with an inclination towards mathematics use for their auctioning needs	thepiratebay
What do you call an arrogant criminal walking down the stairs	A condescending con descending.
What is the difference between the abominable snowman and the abominable snowwoman	Two abominable snowballs
Q: What do you get if Bach falls off a horse  but has the courage to get on again and continue riding	A: Bach in the saddle again.
What did the terrorist say about his popular reddit post	*I didn't expect this to blow up like it did!*
What's the difference between zombies	Q: What's the difference between zombies? A: Zombies make honey, and zombies don't.
What is Samsung PR team's Christmas jingle you ask	The phone we gave you is frightful, But the fire is so delightful ; And since we have no replace to go, Let it blow! Let it blow! Let it blow!
What's the difference between the holocaust and killing 5 black men	5,999,997
What do you get when you cross astronomy and cosmology with a dyslexic girl at starbucks	Astrology, cosmetology, and a pumpkin space latte
What should we call it when a man is beautiful	Footseveral?"" No but I feel like you're on the right track
What's the difference between light and hard	Well, you can sleep with a light on...
What do you call a red headed baker	A ginger bread man
What is Kanye's favorite Transformer	Bruce Jenner
What did God say when he made the first black guy	...Oops I burned one!
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he's raping someone	Come with me if you want to live!
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A Megasoreass, What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotopuss
What did the rabbi say after he was diagnosed with an aggressive and inoperable form of brain cancer, and his wife and child died in a car crash while driving to the hospital	Oy vey!
What's black on the bottom and white on the top	Society.
What is the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	Attire.
What's White and Sticky	Glue.
What's the worst thing about getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic	Having to go inside to ask for a coat hanger.
What do you call two lesbian dinosaurs	Lickalotypus.
What do you call a retarded Jew	Auschwitistic
What's Dracula's favorite beer	Bloodweiser
What's the name of the Hogwarts Professor that has an STI	Syphilis Snape
What's Sean Connery's favorite sport and when does he play it	Tennish
What if sharks hug with their mouths	Just sayin.
What's a pedophile's favorite music scale	A minor
What is a jew's favourite bread	Shabbat-a
What do you call a broke actor	Johnny Debt.
What did the man put on his car when  the weather was cold	An extra muffler.
What do you call someone who breaks a plate and then apologizes	Dishrespectful...
Q: What does a cat sleep on	A: A caterpillow.
What's the difference between committing seppuku and impaling yourself with a sword	They're the same thing but committing seppuku comes with a little twist.
What do two gay guys have for breakfast	AIDS and bacon.
What is the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator	The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it.
What is Michelle Obama's favorite dish to cook	Baracolli
Whats Harry Potter's favorite way of going down a hill	Walking... JK Rolling
What's a rabbits' favorite dance	The bunny hop.
What do goats do on election day	Voat. co
What is the chemical composition of banana	Barium disodium
What do you call a russian tree	Dimitree
What's the difference between a Donald Trump and Ellen Pao	Edit: Trump can ruin a business right.
whats the difference between your sister and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it
What do you call a crappy business man	an Entre""manure
What do you call an epileptic in a vegetable garden	A seizure salad!
What brand of pen does Lance Armstrong use	Uni-ball
What do you call a rabbit who tells jokes	A funny bunny
What did the man say when he saw the Jewish man stealing his water	Water Jew doing?
What do you call a math class full of SJW's	Triggernometry.
What did the homeowner say to the fruit growing gardener	Water me lawn
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	You can roast beef but you can't pee soup.
What I say: ""Does anyone need anything from the store	What I mean: ""I'm off to smoke a bowl in my car so I can deal with all of you.
What do you call a cow with no legs	Ground beef! What do you call a cow with 3 legs? Lean beef!! What do you call a cow with two legs? YOUR MUM!!
What did Cinderella Dolphin where to the ball	Glass flippers!
What do you call rubber bumpers on yachts	Shark absorbers!
What's the difference between people on Reddit and dead people	Dead people had lives.
Whats the similarity between a reddit user and a vulture	Both are dead inside.
What do you call a frugal Transformer	Optimus Dime.
What is a King's favourite piece of Golf Equipment	His Royal Tee
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun	I don't use a feminist to kill myself when talking to a gun.
What do you do to an elephant with three balls	Walk him.
what do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A-Flat-Minor
What's got six legs and can fly long distances	Three swallows !
What do you call a black woman who has had 8 abortions	A crime fighter.
What's the difference between what Bill Cosby did and rape	I can't remember.
What's the best part about dating a terminally ill cancer patient	They are their own birth control
What do you do to get rid of an obese demon	You exorcise him.
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend	Homeless
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car	Get in the car
What did Michael Jackson almost name his daughter	Nata-LEE-HEE!
What do you call a cross between a bulldog and shitzu	Its called ""Whatever comes out of Donald Trump's mouth"".
What do you call a horse that has very good vision underwater	A seehorse.
What did Jesus said when he resurrected	Fucking lag, three days to respawn !
What has 2 grey legs and 2 brown legs	An elephant with diarrhea...
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe, you idiot, breathe!!!!
What do you get if you put 100 paralitycs in a hot tub	A vegetable soup
What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he were white	Alive
What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke
What's the difference between a microwave and butt fucking	A microwave doesn't brown your meat.
What do you call the owner of Frigidaire	A refrigerator magnate
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the kids	Easy on the candy!
What's the difference between cancer and a black guy	Cancer can get jobs
what does past, present, and future have in common	...... tense
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheel chair. (And yes, I know I'm going to hell)
What's the difference between a psychiatrist and his patients at the mental hospital	The patients are the ones that get better and get to go home.
What do you call a fight between a mexican and a pedophile	Alien VS Predator
What are eight small pieces of cookie the equivalent of	One byte
What do you call those people who follow musicians around and try to hang with them after the show	Drummers.
What did the gentleman say to the doctor when he went to get his pus drained	Please! I in cyst!
What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common	I see dead people.
What would the punishment be for smoking a joint in the times of Jesus Christ	You would get stoned. And then get rocks thrown at you.
What do you call bovine masturbation	Beef stroganoff!
Q: What's red and not there	A: No tomatoes.
What do you call an ESA engineer serving the comet lander	Philae Minion
What's different between Trump and the Lannisters	A Lannister always pays his debts.
What's black and white and red all over	Mimes in a chainsaw fight.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	the snowBALLS
What do a hurricane a tornado a fire and a divorce have in common	They are four ways you can lose your house!
What do you call a blonde who dyed her hair brown	Artificial Intelligence
What's the difference between meat and chicken	If you beat your chicken it dies.
What joke has recieved the most upvotes on Reddit	Redditors.
What can give you life, but also kill you	Your father...
What's the difference between a lobster with implants and an old, dirty bus stop	One's a busty crustacean and one's a crusty bus station.
What's the difference between a biscuit and a monster	You can dip a biscuit in your tea but a monster is too big to fit in the cup.
What does the Doctor say on a one-night stand going wrong	[It's bigger on the inside](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zXDo4dL7SU)
What's the difference between eating at a restaurant and standing in a field of cows	I don't tip at restaurants.
What's the difference between the G-Spot and Jack Daniels	I'll actually look for the Jack Daniels.
What were the lawyer's final words to the man who killed him	I'll sue you in hell!
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Choked
What do you call someone with lots of imaginary friends	Schizofriendic
What do you call Samsung store security guards	Guardians of the Galaxy.
What would you get if you crossed a new-born snake with a basketball	A bouncing baby boa.
What is a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark	The period: it marks the end of his sentence.
What's the difference between /r/funny and /r/jokes	/r/jokes is funny and /r/funny is a joke!
What's a sea serpent's favourite meal	Fish and ships!
What is the similarity between tornadoes and divorces in Kentucky	... either way, someone is losing a trailer.
What type of wind is named after a young deer	Foehn
What's the hardest part of making a vegan pizza	Skinning the vegan.
What do you call four bullfighters in quicksand	Quatro sinko
What's the difference between a lobster with breast implants, and a dirty bus stop	One's a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
What do you call a charming tool	A rake
What's the best part about showering with a 5 year-old	The water washes away her tears
What do you get when you combine a goat egg and a goat sperm	A Zy-Goat I'll escort myself out.
What do men and women have in common	Both need some tissues after watching a good movie.
What do you call a hired investigator who's a jerk only when he's alone	A private dick.
What's a woman's favorite keyboard key	Ctrl
What's the difference between feminists and hockey players	Hockey players shower after 3 periods.
What flavor gum does the President prefer	Governmint Ill walk myself to the nearest border
What do you call a white woman with a yeast infection	A cracker with cheese
What do you get if you cross a vampire with a  snail	I don't know but it would slow him down.
What do you call a disabled Asian	Sum Ting Wong.
What do you call a girl who hunts owls	A hooters shooter girl
What did Hamlet say to his cat	Get thee to a nyanery!
What is the easiest way to get a small fortune	You start with a large one.
What is the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a handsomely dressed man on a unicycle	Attire
What did the one ocean say to the other ocean	Nothing they just waved! Did you sea what I did there? I'm shore you did, beach.
What Do You Call Bob The Builder When He Retires	Bob.
What's red and black and scares women worldwide	Me in my red and black rape cape.
What's a buddhists favourite curry	Chicken karma
What are the specs on your computer	Oh those? They're just my reading glasses.
What rhymes with ""hug me""	Chutney.
What do you call an upside-down ""W""	An M-poster
What animal is two animals at the same time	The Cat: because is a cat and a spider :) ... oh, wait.
What's a... pederast	Shut the fuck up, Donny
What do crossfitters call their trainers	Fairy WOD-mothers.
What do you call four Mexicans who can't swim	Cuatro cincos.
What did the footballer say when he accidentally  burped during a game	Sorry it was a freak hic!
what do you call a mexican with a rubber toe	rubbertoe
What did one tampon say to the other	Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches.
What is a cat's favorite color	Purrple
What do you call someone who has ancestry back to China but is a 2nd generation US citizen and is a professional bodybuilder	Ben Ching.
what is the difference between aspirin and a strippers boyfriend	asprin works.
What do you call it when a Jedi doesn't heat something up fully	Luke warm
What did the failing kidney say to the healthy one	Urine charge now.
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	A porcupine has the pricks outside.
What do you call an infinite series with a finite result that has never had sex	Convirgin.
What is a 6.9	A good thing ruined by a period.
What do you call an elephant with a poor memory	A bold and innovative departure from the hackneyed stereotypes that all too often dominate the joke-telling industry.
What is the penalty for telling a bad joke	The joke is it's own pun-ishment.
What did the Nazi officer say when he was captured	It's not me; it's Jew.
What is black, white, and red all over	A Communist Propaganda film from the 1930s.
What's black and slides down Nelson's column	Winnie Mandela.
What do you get from a drunk chicken	Scotch eggs !
What do you call an old Mexican woman	A bean bag.
What is Santa's favorite band	Slayer.
What if Obama keeps the nuclear codes in a folder on his desktop called ""Missile-aneous""	That'd be cute.
What's different between Asians and Caucasians	We're opposites in terms of erections and math class - one's hard for each of us, while the other isn't.
What's E.T. short for	Because he only has little legs.
What did Bruce Banner get after having sex with as prostitute	a HULK RASH!!!!
WHAT IS THE BEST POSITION TO HAVE UGLY BABIES	I DON'T KNOW. ASK YOUR MOM.
What do you call a fat computer	A Dell.
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew	Santa goes down the chimney.
What did the shoelace say when I tried to tie it	Uh, like, can you knot? *yessss my first original joke*
[Spoilers] What do gay dogs eat	Ramsay's dick
What's the difference between your wife and your work	After 5 years, your work still sucks.
What does German goalkeeper Manuel Neuer call it when he takes a dump and there is nothing on the toilet paper after wiping	A clean sheet.
What's the worst thing about being a black jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven
What did the fish say to the man draining its aquarium	WATER YOU DOING
What did the judge say to the repeat sex offender at his arraignment	[Damn, Daniel - back at it again with the white van.](http://therealcape.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/white-van-png.jpg)
Q: What did the parent say when the little girl was whining	A: Leave it to peave her.
What do you call a politician that can play brass	Donald trumpet
What do ducks smoke	Quack.
What do ducks smoke	Quack!
What did a blonde's mother tell her blonde daughter	If you're not in bed by midnight, come home.
What do you call a castrated German	A Munich
Whats the worst part about Crabgrass	It's Not Lobster.
What do you call an Italian reggae enthusiast	A pastafarian
What's the hardest part about rollerblading	...telling your dad you're gay
What do you call a knight who cheats on tests	Glancelot
What's the opposite of the constitution	The prostitution.
What did one deodorant say to the other	I can't understand you, your axe scent is too strong.
Whats the difference between jam and jelly	I cant jelly my dick up your ass
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	It only takes one nail to hang a picture.
What's the difference between an apple and a baby	People didn't freak out for no reason when I started eating an apple in public.
What's the difference between jelly and jam	You can't jelly your cock down a cheerleader's throat
What did the lighter color shade tell to its dark lover	I want hue.
What does ""fingering a girl"" and ""using a chainsaw"" have in common	[NSFW] If you hold at the wrong position your finger goes down the shitter.
What's the one good thing about a pedophile	They drive slow through school zones.
What did the Zucchini say when it got stepped on	*squash*
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 14 years.
What do Mexican midgets use to cut pizza	Little Caesars
What do you call a mentally challenged lion	A leotard
What is a four-letter word for a woman that ends in ""unt""	Aunt.
What's black and white and red all over	A white person wearing blackface with multiple stab wounds.
What is the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One's pretty heavy and the other is a little lighter
What is the worst way to ask for a cigarette in San Francisco	You got a fag I can bum?
What math class should feminists take	Triggernomics
What did the Brontosaurus say to the Stegosaurus	Get Jurassic over here!
What exercise does Ned Flanders do at the gym	Diddly squat
What do you call suicide committed while shitting	Seppooku.
What's the difference between a kidney bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay $100 to have a kidney bean on my face.
What gets harder as you beat it	A penis.
What's frozen water and dangerous	ISIS
What's the difference between my guitar and my girlfriend	My guitar doesn't yell at me when I snap it's g-string
What's blonde and intelligent	A golden retriever
What is the last sound you hear before a pubic hair hits the floor	PTEWIE!
What do you do if an elephant swallows you whole	Run around until you get pooped out. :)
What do you get if you cross a telephone  with a fat football player	A wide receiver.
What's the difference between a divorce and a circumcision	With a divorce you get rid of the whole dick.
What does a guy want more than anything in the world	It doesn't matter. He has to ask his wife first.
What's the easiest sport to get into	Limbo. They don't set the bar very high.
What do you call a jellyfish on a plane	A flightoplankton.
What is a brain dead couples' favorite pizza	Veggie lovers
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Porsche	With the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
Whats the problem with feminist picnics	None of them make the sandwiches.
What do mopeds and fat ladies have in common	They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.
What do you call a woman without a clitoris	Doesn't matter. She's not coming. Bonus: Check out the anti joke version on /r/antijokes.
Q: What does Teddy Kennedy have that Bill Clinton wishes he did	A: A dead girlfriend.
What do you call a stegosaurus with carrots in its ears	Anything you want to - it can't here you!
What's brown, dirty, and sticky	A stick
What did the police officer say to the zoo keeper	Yeah I get it, I shoot monkeys on sight too.
What do you call a fish that takes a selfie	Selfish
What do you call an online encyclopedia for DJs	A wiki-wiki-wi-wi-wi-kipedia
What did the incredibly racist country club owner reply to the Black guy who applied for membership	Come on right in! Every brother is welcome in my crib!
What do you call a lousy psychic	Telepathetic.
What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef	Anyone can roast beef...
What kid blows you and gets you all wet	El Nino
Q: What is a blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears	A: She's trying to hold on to a thought.
What is the difference between a JCB and a giraffe	One has hydraulics the other has high bolics.
What is white and gold and black and blue	A blonde in a physically abusive relationship. See you guys in hell.
What do you call it when you throw a black person in the water	Pollution What do you call it when you throw all the black people in the water? Solution.
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood	You can't gargle sand.
What time does Sean Connery go to the US Open	Tennish
What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas	COOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whats the worst thing about being a black jew	you have to stand in the back of the gas chamber.
Whats a cannibals favorite game	Swallow the leader.
What's the difference between 100 dead babies and a Lamborghini	You won't find a Lambo in a landfill.
What's your ringtone	That's nice. Mine's a light shade of brown.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	(gag noise) **Note: This joke is better when read aloud.**
What does the jewish kid do on the swing	Pisses off the sniper.
What does Harambe order when he goes to a restaurant	He gets the kids meal.
What did the poker dealer say to LMFAO	Everyday I'm shufflin'.
What do you call a movie producer that gives you more detail than you really wanted	TMI Burton.
What is the difference between a boat and a woman	The boat cuts through the water, a woman waters through the cut.
What happened to the Jewish Pinokio	He tried to lie, but his nose couldn't get any longer!
What's the difference between a $200 vacuum and a $50 vacuum	I don't know, they both suck.
What's the opposite of Kathmandu	Dogwomandon't.
What's the best way to save on toilet paper	Slow your roll.
What's the worst thing about a blackout	A shootout.
What's the most popular red wine	? We want our land back!!
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a pornstar with a bout of diarrhea	One shucks between fits.
What do you call it when you refuse to do core workouts	Abstinence.
What do you call a really quiet dog	A subwoofer.
What do frogs say that surf the internet	Reddit reddit.. First joke i thought of. :)
What's next to Moscow	Pa's cow. I'll show myself out...
What's the difference between mass and weight	Mass is where Catholics go on Sunday, and weight is where sundaes go on Catholics. (From a poster on the ceiling in my dentists office)
What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day	You're purrr-fect for me!
What do you call a poor photographer who works for a tabloid	A Pauperazzi
What is Captain Hook's favorite kind of humor	Dead Pan.
What do you call Bob Dylan sucking your dick in a hurricane	The answer my friend, is blowing in the wind.
What idiot invented fire blankets	You'd think they'd be hot enough from the flames.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter it's not gonna come anyway
What's the worst part about being a black jew	Sitting at the back of the oven..
What did the penis say to the condom	Cover me. I'm going in.
What do you call a loaf of bread when you cut off both ends	Endless Bread!
What's below your sha-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na knees	Your Guns N' Toeses I'll see myself out.
What do you get if you drop a piano on a team's defence	A flat back four!
what do you call a male suppository	A manpon
What was John Lennon's favorite fruit &amp; place to eat it	A wee olive in a yellow submarine.
What's the difference between a bluebird and a elephant	They both have wings, except for the elephant.
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you breathe through something that small?!
What do you call a dog wearing headphones	Ear bud
What is the only law that Hillary obeys	The law of gravity
What is the difference between a politician and a mortician	A Mortician waits until after you're dead to fuck you.
What do you call it when Shatner takes a shit	Tek War
Whats the difference between a washing machine and a woman	A washing machine doesn't follow you around after you dump a load in it.
What does alcohol free beer taste like	Like going down on your sister. It tastes the same but something's not right.
What sort of a car has your dad got	I can't remember the name. I think it starts with T. Really - Ours only starts with gas.
What kind of tea do wealthy people own	Proper-Tea
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your cock up a girl's arse
Whats the easiest way to drown a blonde	Glue a penny to the bottom of a swimming pool ALTERNATE ENDING: Put a scratch n' sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool
What's worse then ants in your pants	Uncles in your pants.
What's 10 inches long, hard as a rock, full of semen and makes all of the ladies scream	A 10 inch long cock.
What do you call a homosexual Frenchman	A faguette.
What do bears take at raves	Maully.
What's purple and sequels	A skinned baby in a bag of salt. *squeals
What's the difference between a yellow cab and a green cab in NYC	The green cabs haven't ripened yet.
What is a pirate's least favorite letter	A letter from the cable company...
what do you call a crappy sock puppet	sock pooppet
What's the worst thing to come out of The Armenian Genocide	Kardashians
What do The Pope &amp; a Christmas Tree have in common	The balls are just for decoration.
What did the banana peel say when asked what happens after it's thrown into the compost pile	IDK, i'm just a banana.
What does a baby computer call his father	Data.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	'ell if I know
What did one boob say to the other boob	You're my breast friend. Badum-tits.
What do you call the first migrant off the boat	Amhere What do you call the second migrant off the boat? Amhere Azwel What do you call the third migrant off the boat? Amhere Azwell Azhim
What's better than a tall woman wrapping her legs around you	A short woman trying like hell.
What fruit do Romeo and Juliet eat	Cantelope
What kind of drugs do ducks take	The snort quack.
What does a cat say when he likes something	It's purrrfect.
What's the hardest thing about rollerskating	Telling your parents that you're gay.
What did the Orphan get for Christmas	Lonely.
What do you call a stolen Tesla Car	Edison.
What's the difference between a necrophiliac and someone with a granny fetish	A couple of weeks
What does a drug addict like to do in their free time	Netflix and pills :D
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a thumb tack	Not much really, they're both annoying pricks.
What does a panther say when it steps on ants	ded-ant.. ded-ant.. ded-ant dedan deadANT~~~ dedandead-annnnnt #^#$^ d-d-d-deadant.
What's the difference between love and herpes	Herpes last forever.
Q: What's the capital of Afghanistan	A: KABOOM!!
What happened to the joke that insulted the mods	People laughed, because it was a good joke.
What do call a Nazi that takes bribes	Paid-off Hitler!
What do you call a man with a shovel in his head	Doug
What looks like a stick with two balls	a Penis obviously
What do nails like to do on the weekend	Get hammered.
What kinds of vegetables did Ghandi prefer	Peace and carrots... Thought this up at work today. I'm sure it's been done before but it made me chuckle...
What are Canadians favorite board game	Sorry
What do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle	Wipe it off and apologise
What's the difference between Christmas presents and ass whuppins	You ain't gettin' no Christmas presents!
What did one piece of butter say to the other	Aaayyy mah butter from another udder
What is six inches long and stiff in the morning	Crib death.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	Denim Denim Denim
What did pinnochio's girlfriend say when they were 69'ing	Lie to me
What's dumber than a box of rocks	The hippie carrying them around
What do you call a black man in space	An astronaut.
What do you call a conversation with your professor when you are blown	I guess you would call it a high-class conversation.
What do you call a carnivore get-together	a meat-up
What happens when you combine alcohol and literature	Tequila Mockingbird
What do you call a people who serve in Thailand	Thai Fighters
What's the difference between a gay man and a fridge	A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What are the first three letters of the Greek alphabet	I.O.U.
What do you call a road full of giraffes	Giraffic.
What do you call it when a Catholic renovates his kitchen	A counter reformation.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket filled with manure	The bucket
What do you call a capital lambda	A sheep-da
What is the difference between a chickpea and a lentil	I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face
What does an eighty year old woman have in between her boobs that a twenty year old woman doesn't	A belly button.
What do animal poachers do in their spare time	They go clubbing.
What does an Asian man do during an erection	Vote.
What's the difference between your mom and a chicken coop	There's a limit to the number of cocks that can fit into the coop.
What Does A Subatomic Duck Say	QUARK!
What did 50cent say to his grandma when she gave him a knitted sweater for his birthday	G u knit!
What does a raven bring on an airplane	A carri-on bag
What do you call a snake that studies past events	A HISSSSStorian.
What goes: 'click' is that it	'click' is that it? 'click' is that it? A blind guy with a rubix cube
What did the chick pea say when it got a stomach ache	I falafel.
What does a gay horse eat	Cum
What do you get when you cross a vegetable with a pronoun	Beets me.
What's a blind man doing on a boat	Waiting for a bus.
Whats Fred Flintstones favorite drug	Crack Rock.
What did the buffalo call his gay kid	His BiSon.
Q: What did the snail say when he jumped on the turtle's back	A: Wheeeeee!
[NSFW] What's the square root of 69	Eight something. EDIT: yeesh, tough room.
What do you call a singing laptop	A Dell
[NSFW] What's the difference between a woman and a refrigerator	....the refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out!
What's the difference between my daughter and my driveway	I don't want to plow my driveway
What's Bill Cosby's favorite part of the house	The roof.
What happened to the entertainer who did  a show for the cannibals	He went down really well !
What did the blind, one-legged retarded kid get for Christmas	cancer
What do you get when you cross a collie with a  trumpet	A Lassie who plays brassie!
What's green and flies over Germany	Snazis. This insanely corny joke brought to you by my Dad, circa 1990. May he rest in peace!
What's the difference between Leibniz and the Civil Rights Movement	Leibniz was able to integrate in 1675.
What is 12 inches and hangs in front of an asshole	A republican's neck tie.
What's another name for an parent	Someone who's stopped growing except around the waist.
What did the Australian sea captain announce when he decided to wank with both arms	All hands on deck
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite restaurant	Sizzle-r
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball	Juan on Juan
What do you call Usain bolt when he's running from a lion	Fast food
What is the least attractive binary ionic compound	Iron (II) oxide
What's the difference between me and a calendar	You can't fuck the shit out of a calendar
what's for dinner	ME: indian we had indian last night ME: i know, but i forgot to do the 'i see a little sillhouetto of a naan' joke so
What is black, white, and red all over	The Ferguson riots
What PC does Adele use	A Dell.
What is a moo hoo for a cow fight	A cattle battle!
What did the chauffeur say to the newlyweds as they passed the last rest stop	Speak now, or forever hold your piss.
What's the scariest path	The psychopath
What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle	One has strings, the other has straaangs.
Whats small,green and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs dick !
What's the capital of Greece	Athens
What do Rabbis do with the Foreskins after a circumcision	... Sell them to the gays as bubble gum
What do you call an Indian guy who's seen it all	Been-there Done-that Sorry if it's been posted before but I just heard it from my Indian friend and thought I'd share
What's the difference between Barrack Obama and Tiger Woods	Tiger Woods only wants to fuck your wife.
What's 10 inches long, Hard as a rock and filled with semen	The sock under my bed
What's the most overused joke nowadays	Donald Trump
What kind of stationary can't you defend yourself with	A TACK
What do you call a big pile of kittens	A meowtain.
What does America and my Milk have in common	Both will go bad in 9 days.
What do you call a fish with no eyes	A fsh^im ^so ^sorry
What is Forest Gump's email password	1forest1
What's up	the ceiling
What do you call a penguin with a machine gun	Sir. [Groan worthy penguin jokes](https://allwrong.wordpress.com/2007/10/05/penguin-riddles/)
What did the Greek God say when he could finally take the world off his shoulders	At las!
What do you call 5 black people having sex	A three-some.
What celestial body do you give your sweetie on valentines day	An exoplanet.
What do you call a gay loaf of bread	A faguette
What do you call a female cop that shaves her vag	A Cunt stubble
What do vegetables that go to college do on the weekends	They Turnip
What's the other word for a pedophile with a large hat	The Pope. (sorry if repost, my friend just told it to me)
What does a baby computer call its father	Da-ta
What's Snoop Dogs favorite type of weather	Drizzle
What laxative did the constipated man ask for	Poop-ease
What is white sugary has whiskers and floats on  the sea	A catameringue !
What is the politically correct term for Mexicans	Human Beans.
What do you do with 365 used condoms	Melt them down into a tire and call it a GoodYear.
What's yellow has long ears and grows on  trees	The Easter Bunana!
What did Jesus want when he appeared on a piece of toast	Miracle whip.
What's the difference between RAM and ROM	I can't ROM my dick in your arse
What do you call a zombie Storm Trooper	An Imperial Walker
What's the difference between an outlaw, and an inlaw	Outlaws are wanted.
What does my penis and bus have in common	They're both short
What did the gay penis say to the vagina	eh, I don't really wanna go into it right now.
What did the left nut say to the right nut	That guy above us is a real dick
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	Mainly, the taste.
What kind of car does god drive	A Christler
What do Socrates and John Snow both got in common	Neither knows a thing. (from another forum)
What do you call a Bible for the blind	The Holy Braille!
What's the difference between a Afghanistan wedding and a terrorist training camp	Don't ask me, I'm just the drone pilot.
What do you get if you cross a bag of snakes and  a cupboard of food	Snakes and Larders !sna
What did the skunk use to contact his girlfriend	His smellular phone!
What's the similarity between Income Tax and a Caller Tune	. .. ... In both the cases, one pays the money and others enjoy.
What do you call a Mexican burglar	Juanted
What's A Columbian's Favorite Kind of Drink	Coke.
What did they call Ebola before the Internet	Bola
What's a gangsta say when a house falls on him	Get off me, homes!
What does an Asian chicken sound like	Bok Bok Bok CHOY
What did the lumberjack say to the trees	Run, Forest, run!
What do you call a mexican who just took a shower	A clean beaner.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy, the others a little lighter.
What does an engineer use for birth control	Their personality.
What does a leg do when it gets exasperated	It thighs.
What do you get when you cross an oven with a car	A hot rod. NOTE: When I was about 5, I thought this was the funniest joke on earth.
What rhymes with freedom	Oil
What do you call a pessimistic clone	A repli-can't!
Whats the worst thing you can do to a blind man	Leave the plunger in the toilet
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 13 years!
What did the ISIS shepherd get arrested for	Trafficking sex workers.
What is Macauley Culkins favorite salad dressing	Neverland Ranch.
What do you call a truthful piece of paper	Fax.
What bee is forbidden to the Muslims	Haram-bee
What's a terrorists favorite sex toy	[NSFW] A blow up doll!
What's red and fucks old ladies	Me, in my lucky red jacket.
What do you call an Asian getting mugged	Black and Yellow
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion	I don't cry when I'm cutting up the hooker
What did the sociopathic cannibal parachutist say	As soon as the people carrying soup cans in the backpacks arrive we can eat.
What's the best rock to sleep on	bed rock
What did the cannibal have for lunch	Baked beings (beans).
What is the cheapest type of meat	Deer balls. They're under a buck.
What do you call a short Native American programmer	A Little Endian -I'll get the door.
What's the difference between Hitler and Usain bolt	Usain bolt can finish a race.
What is the most obvious caretaker	It's a parent.
What happens when you don't pay your exorcist	... You get repossessed.
What do you call a gay dinosaur	A mega sore ass.
What is Miley Cyrus's favorite color	Twerquoise
What do you call someone who is obsessed with Joan of Arc	A heroine addict.
What's the difference between a tea cup and pea cup	A teacup is what the British drink out of and a pea cup is what the Mexicans drive.
What do you call a huge ugly slobbering furry monster with cotton wool in his ears	Anything you like ? he can't hear you.
what did president abe lincoln call his journal	...his lincoln logs
What was wrong with Genghis Khan's new suit	There was a chink in his armor.
What does a flaky boyfriend and constipation have in common	They're both assholes who can't commit.
What does a Chinese restaurant serve for Easter	Coloured eggrolls!
What were Jesus's last words to his disciples as he was nailed to the cross	Nobody touch my fucking Easter eggs, I'll be back on Sunday.
What type of fruit loves chocolate the most	A Coconut.
What's the difference between a Grayhound station and a lobster who got a boob job	Ones a crusty ass bus station, the other is a busty ass crustacean.
What do American beer and sex in a canoe have in common	F***ing close to water!
What's so great about having sex while camping	Its fucking in tents!
What's the difference between golf and sky-diving	In golf, it's ""*whack*... Fuck!"" And in sky-diving, it's ""Fuck!... *whack*"".
What is Shulk from Xenoblade's favorite thing to type	Back Slash!
What are Hillary Clinton's favorite shoes	Platform Flip flops !
what is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer	Comet
What's it called when two morticians argue for hours on who gets to bang a corpse	A stalemate.
What's Batman's favorite food	Ba-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
What did the snowman order at MacDonalds	Icerbergers with chilli sauce !
What do you use to gamble on vacation	Pair-a-dice!
What do you get when you cross the Russian mafia and the Yakuza	Killed.
What did Christian Grey say when he read reviews of his movie	People did not like my movie. I guess I am 50 shades of letdown... But I can sure GET UP""!
What does Team Rocket and a Peeping tom have in common	They are both always trying to get a Pikachu.
What did the apple say to the pear	[Man, go] away!
What did the prostitute say when she saw Lamar had OD'd	O DANM!
What's long, stiff and full of se(a)men	Maddie McCan
What do you call a zoo enclosure without any change	A nickeless cage.
What do numbers look like when they get divorced	96
What did the black guys say to the bleach	you basic
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You think it's 'R' but it's really the 'C'. :D
What does a doughnut have in common with a nut	They dough nut have anything in common.
What does a woman have in common with a KFC meal	Once your are done with the juicy breasts and tender thighs, all that's left is a greasy box to throw your bone in.
Whats the difference between a hooker and a lawyer	The hooker stops fucking you when your dead.
What does a ghost trucker drive	Frightliner edit: sawonne assured me no apology was necessary.
What animal did they have in concentration camps	Dachau
What's worse than having spiders on your piano	Having crabs on your organ.
What's the difference between a skilled magician and a women's choir	Well, the magician has a cunning array of stunts...
What's the difference between a dead baby and a table	You can't fuck a table.
What does violent diarrhoea and a bar fight have in common	Blood on your stool
What do you call an Irish man that bounces off of walls	Rick O'Shea.
What's Gabe Newell's favourite game	Angry Nerds
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What does a gentleman do after sex	He puts the diaper back on.
What do you call a psychic, escape convict who is also a dwarf	A small medium at large.
Whats the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut	About 3 weeks.
What would you call two banana skins	A pair of slippers.
What do you call five black people having sex	A threesome
What do you get when you cross a Jew with two planks of wood	Christianity
What famous painting do cows love to look at	The Moona Lisa!
What goes ""Tick Tock, woof woof""	A watchdog.
What do elephants and ice cream have in common	They both come in quarts...
What did one gay sperm say to the other	How am I supposed to find an egg in all this shit?
What Movie does Hillary Watch when she's in a Bad Mood..	Kill Bill.
What is the best pick up line at a gay bar	Hello, can I push your stool in for you?
What's Batman's favorite dessert	Just ice cream
What do Mexicans use to slice pizza	Little Caesers
What do you call a story about a broken-down computer mouse	Depressing. \**crickets**
What did the Japanese man say to the hooker	You might feel a tiny prick.
What do you call a shooting at a Mexican golf course	A hole in Juan
What Do They Call You	You build one ship - do they call you a ship builder? NO You build on bridge - do they call you a bridge builder? NO But you suck just one cock
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	wiped.
what's better than roses on the piano	Tulips on your organ.
What's the difference between jelly &amp; jam	I can't jelly my dick down your throat
What did the bread say when it was about have an orgasm	(NSFW) What did the bread say when it was about to have an orgasm? ""I'm Crumbing
What did the Ocean say to the Beach	Nothing, it just waved... Thank you, than you.... I'm here all week
What do you call an Indian that's been hit by a car	Pindunderjeep
What's the difference between Batman and a black man	Batman can go to the store without Robin.
What do you call an abortion in Prague	A cancelled Czech.
What has antlers pulls Father Christmas' sleigh and is made of cement	I don't know. A reindeer! What about the cement? I just threw that in to make it hard.
What do you call a shoe with no grip	A slipper. (Made this up today, but almost definitely will have been made up before by someone else)
What do liquid Draino and a Dutch stripper have in common	They both slowly remove clogs. I'll see myself out... Hey, at least it was original. Thanks for the gold !
What do deviant nuns have	Big bad habits.
What is ISIS's favorite kind of coffee	Decapitated
What's Mohammed, Moses and Noah's favourite dessert	Propheteroles
what type of beer does a hemorrhoid enjoy	pilesner
What's white and fuzzy and lives high up in the trees	A Meringue - a - tan.
What did the pirate say about the steering wheel in his pants	Arrg, it's driving me nuts!
What is Mexico's National Sport	Cross-Country
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink	Wataaaah!
What happens when a Jewish man with an erection walks into a wall	He breaks his nose.
What's the moral of the story about Jonah and the whale	You can't keep a good man down !
What's a linking verb's favorite genre of music	Are &amp; Be
What did the Scottish epileptic boy get for Christmas	A Wii fit
What did the Mexican man say after two houses fell on him	Get off me, homes
What do you call a walrus that's been hit by a bus	Dead.
What literary devices do butchers use	Meataphors.
What is the black stuff between elephants' toes	Slow natives
What happens when you play a country song backwards	It sounds like shit
What does a duck and a bicycle have in common	They both have handlebars. Well, except for the duck.
What's Thor's favourite piece of clothing	Thunderpants
What did the ram say as his lover lay on her deathbed	There will never be another ewe.
What's a moo hoo for a bunch of weirdo cattle	A nerd herd!
What do you call it when 2 guys fight over a slut	Tug-of-whor
What's the oldest trick in the book	Trick #1, duh. It's at the beginning of the contents.
What is the difference between a crackhead and a walrus	One tooth
Whats Red and bad for your Teeth	A brick.
What do buffalo do when they get sick	They Yak
What's the first step to throwing a space party	You planet.
What's a pirate's least favourite letter	Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
What did Water say to Fire when they met for the first time	Shhhhhhh.
What do bed detectives solve	Pillow cases
[NSFW]What's better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ.
What did the seahorse say to the fat man	You're fat!
What is the one smell you can never get out of the house, no matter what you spray or what incense you burn	Your grandparents.
What ghost is handy in the kitchen	A recipe spook.
What did the Rastafarian say to his lady friend	Jamaican me crazy!!
What's another nickname for Donald Trump	##The Annoying Orange.
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer	A hooker can wash her crack and re-sell it.
What do you call an alligator in a vest	Investigator
What do you call a bouncer at a gay club	A flamethrower
What is the hamburgers' motto	If at first you don't succeed fry fry again!
What is black and white and red all over	A suicide note. Edit: I already feel horrible Edit 2: I left out a semicolon
What is a whale's favorite TV show	Flukes of Hazard!
What has two legs and red all over	Half a puppy... I'm sorry
What is Donald Trump's favourite song	Another brick in the wall
What's the definition of suspicion	A nun doing press-ups in a cucumber field.
What is a baseball dog	One that chases fowls.
What's the most useless thing on a woman	A drunken Irishmen at 3am. [EDIT]: This isn't meant to be sexist, it is self-defamation.
what do u call a tilt-a-whirl operator with a sunburn	carne asada
What does a dog see in the mirror	A chair
What's the difference between 1998 and 2016	Hillary Clinton is the punch line this time
What do you get for the man who has everything	Condoms.
What do you call a stoner with down syndrome	A baked potato.
What do warm toilet seats and pussy have in common	They both feel nice but you never know who's been there first
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowoman	Snowballs.
What song did Kim Jong Il request be played at his funeral	Journey - Don't Stop Bereaving.
What a few black wolves and a classic musician have in common	The two are Wolfgang.
What do you get when you cross an ape with a calculator	A Hairy Reasoner. (Andy Rooney used to enjoy this one)
What's the best thing about having sex with 23 year olds	There's twenty of them.
What did the pirate captain say to the sucker fish he hired to clean his ship	Suck my *DECK*!!!
What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Hell's Angel	Someone that knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.
What does a stick of Big Red and a Jamaican prisoner have in common	Dey both sinna, mon!
What did the big chimney say to the smaller chimney	You're too young to be smoking!
What do you call a dinosaur prisoner that drops the soap during shower time	Buttholeissaurus-wreckt
What did the pulse say to the legume as he left	Lentil next time.
What's the difference between tequila, and all of my relationships	Tequila never goes bad
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea	A Salad Shooter
What is 18 inches long, pink, squishy, and makes women cry	SIDS
what's it called when a duck farfs	A butt quack. Hahahahha I'm funny ...
What did you hear about the tree who was in love	He pined everyday.
What was the name of the gay World War II themed porn film starring Charlie Chaplin as Adolf Hitler	The Great Dick Taker
What's the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker	The epileptic oyster shucker shucks between fits.
What kind of vegetable comes to all your parties	A turnup
What do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhino	'Ell if i know.
What was the last thing that went through the hostages head	A bullet.
What do you call a cute little animal you keep in your automobile	A carpet.
What's it called when you sneak into a homosexual wedding	A gay-tecrash Dad joke, right there
What is Batman's favorite sport	Baseball.
What kind of punch hurts the most	A Sandy Hook.
What does an old woman's qwiffy taste life	Depends .
What do you do if someone's choking	Pull back a few inches
What's blue and has big ears	An elephant at the North Pole !
What do you call nuts on the wall	Walnuts. What do you nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What do you call an a cappella group made up of suburban white girls	Basic Pitches
What Do You Call A 7 Second Minecraft Video	VINECRAFT DO IT FOR THE MINE XD
what do you call a mexican on the moon	an Astronaut you Racist
What did the philosophically-wise Mongol general say to motivate himself	I'm not Immanuel Kant. I'm Genghis Kahn!
What is yellow and eats beetles for a living	Yoko Ono.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield	A Baboom!
What's the difference between a cactus and a BMW	With a cactus, the pricks are on the outside.
What does a tree do when he's going on a vacation	He packs his trunk and leaves. I should go back to studying now. K bye.
What do you get when you put jelly into Flint, Michigan's water supply	Pb &amp; J.
What is a East Indian child's favourite game	Hide and go Sikh
What do you call a Cuban Atheist	Infidel Castro.
What did the duck say to the hooker	Put it on my bill.
What is slimy and wobbly tastes of  raspberry and lives in the seas	A red jellyfish.
What spice can't be in sol food	Ginger.
What did the sausage say when it  couldn't log on to the Internet	If at first you don't succeed Fry Fry again
What do you call a ghost who's always sleeping	Lazy bones.
what do jeb bush and lance arm strong have in common	everyone was disappointed with their last speeches and no one was disappointed when they dropped out of the race
What do you call an unpredictable, out-of-control photographer	A loose Canon.
What do you get when you cross a philosopher, an insomniac and a dyslexic	A guy who stays up all night wondering if there's a dog. ~ Infinite Jest, by DFW
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of Tic Tac	..... Tempermint
What was tina turners pet name for Ike	Beats me
What's the plural of compass	This one's best if you say it out loud. What's the plural of octopus? Octopi. What's the plural of compass? Cumpie.
What doesn't belong in this list: Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob	Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs, or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman	Snowballs
What type of music do lightning bolts listen to	-Rock and Roll
What math classes do gender studies majors take	Triggernometry
What Did Chris Christie Give Up For Lent	The US Presidential Campaign!
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo and an elephant	Big holes all over Australia!
What do you call Magic Johnson in a wheel-chair	*Roll-AIDS*
What's the difference between a Swedish jam band and slam dunking a baby	One's a Swedish Phish and the other's a fetus swish
What did the defendant say when he saw his picture hung up in the courtroom	I've been framed.
What is the difference between Father  Christmas and a warm dog	Father Christmas wears a whole suit a dog just pants!
What's green and smells like pork	Kermit's fingers.
What is better than coming second in the Special Olympics	Not being retarded. Sorry guys. Poor taste. But it is what it is.
What do you get when you cross Adolf Hitler with a tree	A cunttree
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	[fixed] You can hang the picture with only one nail.
What do you call a belt made out of watches	A waist of time.
What does a limp dick and a king cobra have in common	You don't fuck with either of em!
What do you give and take at the same time	a poop
What do you call a feminist that eats really, really fat cows	A cannibal
What's Blue, Orange and Lying at the Bottom of a Swimming Pool	What's blue, orange and lying at the bottom of a swimming pool? A baby with popped floaties.
What do a mystic and a hot dog vendor have in common	They'll both make you one with everything.
What do you call a Mustard Competition	A Compe*Dijon*
What is a large group of Sperm Whales called	Semen
What's the worst thing about being in an incestuous relationship with your own father	Every time you say to him ""I'm horny"" he always replies ""Hi, horny, I'm dad"".
What's the difference between wife and a blue whale	About 10 pounds.
What is Mexico's national sport	Cross Country
What do you call a woman who is paralysed from the waist down	Married.
What do you call a man with no arms or legs who likes to go swimming	Bob.
What greek letter is always sad	Psi...
What do you call 10 rabbits walking backwards	A receding hareline
What do you call a comedian who couldn't make it	Pun intended.
What's the difference between a blowjob and pizza	Your mom never gave me pizza.
What do you call a ghost without any feet	A lost sole
What's that there	got you
What does a sandal do on Sunday's	It saves its sole.
What did Julius Caesar say after taking Cleopatra's virginity	Veni, Vidi... Veni.
What do you think of wearing a straight jacket	I think I could pull it off
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out
What couldn't the cross-eyed teacher do	.... Control their pupils
What is a YouTube Heroes favorite comment	[removed]
What do mathematicians think about exponential functions	They're radical.
What do you call a blind dinosaur	Doyouthinkhesaurus
What do you call four white guys in a band	The 4Skins
What do you call an integral that doesn't like derivatives	An anti-derivative.
What is a duck's favorite dance	The quackstep !
What does Betty White's vagina taste like	Depends.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You	Desperate!
What did they suicidal news reporter say when they went on air	Lets get right into the noose.
What do you call a boring meme about some internet drama that you don't care about	Dramameme.
What do you call someone who spends all day masturbating in the restroom	Pissing away your future.
What do a daycare and my basement have in common	Both have a bunch of screaming children in them.
What happened on Reddit yesterday	A pao-erful change
Q: What do you say to a vampire when he graduates from college	A: Coagulations!
What time did the man go to the dentist	Tooth-hurty.
What did the big carburettor say to the  little carburettor	Don't inhale so fast or you'll choke.
What did the dog say to the old tree	#Bark
What do you call a booth babe at Apple's events	ICandy
Q: What was Bob the Builder called after he retired	A: Bob.
What did the hippie say when he was kicked off the couch	Namaste
What is the easiest way for a stressed astronaut to unwind and decompress	By opening the door.
What is the best way to fuck a girl with no arms or legs	Throw her in a lake.
What is Robb Stark's least favorite band	The Fray
What would a character from the Star Wars universe shout before a suicide bombing	ADMIRAL ACKBAR!
What do you do if your in the way of stampeding cows	Take away their credit cards so they can't charge
What's the difference between Santa and a jew	Santa goes down the chimney.
What are the similarities between feminists and hobos	They both ask for change and never get any.
What did the Urologist tell his newly accepted resident	Urine.
Q: What would Lewis Carroll call an abortion	A: A very merry unbirthday.
What did the lesbian pirate say to her peg legged girlfriend	Scissor me timbers
What did the woman say while she was having a baby	This could use some salt.
What's the difference between a horse dick and a joke	You can't take a joke.
What do you tell a man with two black eyes	Nothing, he's been told twice already. (And be cool, if you get the reference keep quiet and let em wonder.)
What would the blind man say every morning when he walked past the fish market	Good morning, ladies!
What is Jose Cuervo's favorite book	Tequila Mockingbird.
What are people afraid of puns called	Homophonic I'm sorry...
What does a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can both smell it but can't eat it.
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex	A microwave doesn't brown your meat
What car do polite cowboys drive	Audi!
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft	A flat minor
Q: What do you call a judge with no thumbs	A: Justice Fingers.
What's brown and white and flies all over	Thanksgiving turkey when you carve it with a chain saw!
What do you say to a bunch of worried Trump supporters	Don't worry, everything is going to be alt-right.
What do you call a plane with no wings	Fly Curious.
What should you do when people talk behind your back	Fart
What 8-letter word has one letter in it	Envelope.
Whats an African dad joke	Hi starving! I'm dad!
What limitations does braille have	Can it represent everything that we read using the alphabet? Very limited fonts.
What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek	Together, we can stop this shit.
What joke would piss off any redditor	Update 1: Punchline removed.
What is faster, hot or cold	Hot, because you can catch a cold.
What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend	About 45 pounds.
What did the pastor say when his blanket rose up from his bed	Holy Sheet!
What do you get when you burn a Hungarian ghost	Ghoul-ash!
What is the first thing a woman should do when she gets out of the Battered Women's Shelter	The dishes, if she knows what's good for her.
What do people in Colorado eat on 3/14/15	Pot pie.
What is the Puerto Rican national anthem	Partly in the USA
What's an electrical engineers favorite flavor of ice cream	Shocklate.
What's the difference between a light bulb and my pregnant girlfriend	I can unscrew a lightbulb.
What does a nosy pepper do	It gets jalapeno business.
What do you use to find Greek restaurants	A gyroscope.
What do you call two brown people in a sleeping bag	Twix.
What did Obama say when he proposed to Michelle	I don't wanna be o-ba-ma self."" _________ (Not original)
What can a yakuza do for living when he doesn't want to hurt people	tattoo master
What do you call a cowboy who helps out in a  school	The deputy head !
What does the 'B' in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for	Benoit B Mandelbrot
What do you call a cat that has just eaten a whole duck	A duck filled fatty puss !
What is Adam's brother called	Subtractem
What's a narcissist's favorite color	Reflection
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, dyslexic, and an insomniac	Some one who stays up all night wondering if there's a dog.
What is Ke$ha's computer password	Pa$$word
What's the difference between Frankenstein and boiled potatoes	You can't mash Frankenstein.
What's the difference between a nurse and a nun	A nun only serves one God.
What do you say upon hearing a bad Halloween joke	Booooooo, Booooooo
What does Optimus Prime say on 4-20	Autobots, roll up!
What did Pongo say to Goofy at the Annual Disney Dog Conference	I've got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.
What's the difference between a four-year-old and a bag of cocaine	There's no way Eric Clapton would let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window!
What's ISIS's favourite band	Koran Koran.
What does glass taste like	Blood.
What do you call a bunch of potheads working together	A joint effort!
What does a Victoria's Secret Black Friday sale have in common with a girl about to get a spanking	Both have panties half-off.
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back.
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you	Pull the pin and throw it back!
What is the monkey that can't peel the banana	Terrible at CC
What do books wear on a rainy day	Rain Quotes
What do you call a hot chick in Boston	A tourist.
What monster flies his kite in a rain storm	Benjamin Frankenstein
What do you call a witch that only eats sand	Malnourished
What's the worst part of going to a southern family reunion	Seeing your ex.
What do you call a corny joke	A maize zing!!!
What did the terrorist say to the racist and the socialist	We are the 2016 presidential candidate frontrunners."" This is a joke  take it that way
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis	You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck
What's the difference between aged cheddar and regular cheddar	The aged cheddar isn't as sharp as it once was.
What do you call someone who molests puppies and kittens	A Petophile
What do you call an Penguin with dandruff	Frosted Flakes
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	....Dr Dre.
What do you you say when a monk tries to kick you out of the monastery	Namaste
What do you call two gay chickpeas	Hummusexuals.
What does Tarzan sing at Christmas	Jungle Bells
What do you call a famous Internet pirate	Blackneckbeard.
What are two reasons it's so hard to solve a redneck murder	1. The DNA all matches. 2. There are no dental records.
whats the worst part about cooking vegetables	putting the wheelchair into the oven.
What did JFK say after banging Marilyn Monroe	Some men have greatness thrust upon them, some men thrust upon greatness.
What kind of bike does hipster Jesus ride	A Cruci-fixie.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Him	It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What professional hates going to the bar	A lawyer
What type of porn do Canadians watch	Fifty shades of eyy
What do you get when you chop up a fruit and mix it with vegetables	I don't know but it was hard as hell stealing thier wheelchairs with pieces of Richard Simmons tripping me up.
What do you call a crazy chicken	A cuckoo cluck !
What is brown and sticky	..........A Stick
What do you say When you see your tv floating in midair	Drop it nigga!
What happened when the cannibal was late to the dinner party	He got the cold shoulder.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE AGAINST CHICKENS	!?! One got choked last night thanks to you! ; )
What is the difference between a Mechanical Engineer and a Civil Engineer	A Mechanical Engineer makes weapons, a Civil Engineer makes targets.
[NSFW] What do you call 2 black guys raping a white girl	A giant Oreo.
What's a metaphor	Winning the game tournament!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say upon being asked to star in a Broadway production about the world's greatest composers	I'll be Bach. Sorry.
What does a rapper use to write their songs	Word,yo.
What happens to a gay man every month	Manstruation
What do you call pickled bread	Dill-dough
What do cannibals on a budget eat	Ramen. (Sound it out.)
What do you find in an elephants graveyard	Elephantoms !
What did the coffee shop owner's wife say when she discovered he wasn't using Free Trade beans	That's grounds for divorce!
What does a ghost say after a bad joke	Booo Hahahaha *I'm so lonely*
What would happen if you were to cross two snowmen with three vampires	You would get severe frostbite.
What do boobs and margaritas have in common	One is not enough and three is to many
What's a Buddhist's favorite physics law	Om's Law.
What do you call a cancer doctor who works 24/7	An on-call-ogist
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair!
What do you call an obese terrorist	Osama Bin Eating
What is the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire
What do you call a group of cattle sent into orbit	The first herd shot round the world!
What can a mathematician and a pedophile agree upon	11 is a prime number.
What's the best thing about Switzerland	I'm not sure... but the flag's a big plus.
What Did The Dying Gambler Say To His Wife	10 bucks says I don't need this oxygen tank
What's black and white and red all over	A bleeding nun.
What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom	A pick-pocket snatches watches.
What do you call two roosters having a fight	A Cock-a-Doodle-Duel!
What do you call 2 gay Irishmen	Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
What do you call imitation Vietnamese noodle soup	Faux.
WHAT DO WE WANT	no more interruptions! WHEN D now!
What's blue, white and if it falls out of a tree will kill you	A fridge in a denim jacket.
What do you call a man who claps at Christmas	Santapplause !
What do you call a punctuation mark that's got a girlfriend	..accommodating.
What do Jewish pitbulls say to each other when they get home	Muzzles off!
Whats the worst thing about a Thai Masseuse Bride	They walk all over you.
What is the difference between a BMW and a baby carriage	The baby carriage is the result of last year's fun on wheels.
What do you call it when a cow goes on holiday	A vaccation
What do Leonardo Dicaprio Babe Ruth have in common	They both won when neither of them were competing against black people!
What does the first lady say after bad sex	Thanks Obama.
What type of battery does The Fonz use	AAAA
What happens if you feed Link some Speed	.... you get a Hyperlink ...
What do you get when you mix a black and asian person	A criminal mastermind ...
Q: What did the aliens say, when they came to earth in search of soda pop	A: Take me to your liter!
What does a nosey pepper do	Gets jalapeno business!
What do you get when you cross a nymphomaniac with a kleptomaniac	A fucking thief!
What do you call a group of sorority girls/fraternity guys standing in a circle	A round of applause ...because they all have the clap.
What do the twin towers and genders have in common	There are too many reposts about both.
What does a lifeguard and a manager of a Curves have in common	They both watch whales.
What do you call a redneck virgin	A 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers.
What's Adolf Hitler's favourite computer game	Mein Kraft.
What is invisible and smells like carrots	Rabbit farts
What goes after foursome	Awesome...
What do you call an affectionate rabbit	A tender loving hare.
What did the spanish fireman name his 2 sons	Jose and Hose B
What do you call a hump-backed cow that always wants to be the center of attention	A drama-dairy.
What kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace	Pos-tits.
What do you call a group of brain surgeons	A neural network.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall	Dam!
What do you call a cow with five legs	Rare.
What do you call a slutty clown	The town unicycle.
What time is it when you have to go to the  dentist	Tooth Hurty !
What do you call a joke on drugs	Highlarious
What do you call a group of Pigeons and Chickens	A Coo Clucks Clan
What gym did Socrates go to	The Y.
What would make Batman really salty	Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-
What did Tennessee	What Arkansas.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking	Slow down and use lubricant.
What does a Mexican wizard use to cast magic	A Juand
What do you call potato friends	Spuddies
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now	Scratching the hell out of his coffin lid.
What's the difference between a soldier and a teacher	As a soldier, it is your job to kill people. As a teacher, it is your job to try very hard not to kill people.
What do you call a fish that performs brain surgeries	A neurosturgeon
What do these jokes and a ghost have in common	Boo man! Boo!
What did the grape say when it got crushed	Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin, get in the Batmobile
What do you call it when a 90 year old man masturbates successfully	Miracle whip.
What's it called when a cannon ball eats another cannon ball	Cannonball-ism.
What do you call street entertainers from the spirit world	Ghost Buskers
What do you call silly pasta	A noodlehead..
What is the American national day for vampires	Fangsgiving Day.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	you may think it be R, but a pirates true love is for the C (sea)
What do you call an article written about a dead astronaut	An *orbit*-tuary!
What happens when Donald Trump takes cialis	He grows taller.
What do John Mellencamp and Ashton Kutcher have in common	They both picked up a Cougar and then thought better of it.
What happens to gay horses when they die	They become ""super"" glue!
What's the difference between your mom and a rooster	A rooster says ""Cock-a-doddle-doo"", and your mom says ""Any-cock-will-do!
What do a woman and a condom have in common	They spend more time in your wallet than they do on your dick.
What's faster than a speeding bullet	A Jew with a coupon
What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef	Anyone can roast beef.
What do you tell a woman with black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice.
What do you call wood-smoothing equipment that's hot to the touch	Bernie Sanders
What did Cinderella say before she got to the ball	Aghagghhghgagaggag (Those are supposed to be gagging noises)
What does a cheetah call Usain Bolt	Fast food
What do you call a group of twelve, angry, well-endowed men	A hung jury.
What does a British midget get when he is told he is going to be crucified	He gets a little cross.
What's the difference between a toilet and a sink	Titanic didn't toilet.
What did the starving, homeless couple say to the nurse outside the abortion clinic	Fetus please.
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common	They're both looking for a tight seal.
What's the difference between a little guy with a pot o' gold and a big gathering where people's limbs are falling off	One's a leprechaun and the other's a leper-con.
What do you call mexicans who are stoned	Baked beans.
What did Jimmy Carter say to Ronald Reagan	Let me Eat your Turds !! Lol !!
What did the dog get at the vet	[FIXED]
What do Michael Jackson and Mervyn's have in common	They're both dead.
What do you call a waffle that's been buried in sand	Sandiego (The first joke I ever made as a kid)
Q: What do you call a beaten politician	A: Donald Trumped
What's yellow and can't swim	A school bus full of children who had bright futures.
What do Han and Chewbacca use to communicate	A wookiee talkie.
What happens when you combine an alpha particle and a beta particle	They become alpha-beta-cle
What is ISIS	They are Radical!!! Please don't hurt me....
What does non-alcoholic beer and going down on you cousin have in common	Sure they taste the same, but it just ain't right.
What does a woman on her period get for free when she takes a bath	Black pudding.
What's Gemma Teller's favorite herb	Taragon
What is Stevie Wonder's favorite key to play in	C minor
What did one saggy t*t say to the other saggy t*t	If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!
What did Adam say to Eve on Christmas	It's Christmas, Eve.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Marque and reprisal.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the car	Get in the car
What do you call a violent, racist organization of confused Mexicans	The quequeque
What is cleverer than a talking cat	A spelling bee !
What did Picard say to Riker when the knitting machine wouldn't print single digits	Make it sew number 1!
What's the perfect time to go to the dentist	Two thirty.
What do politicians and diapers have in common	Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reason.
What's a confederates favourite school festival	the Sumner fete.
What do you call a sober Irishman	A liar.
What do you get when you eat Peanut Butter with Baked Beans	A fart that sticks to the roof of your ass.
What did the horny toad say when designing a sex toy	Ribbit *Credit goes to Brian, random guy sitting next to me on couch.
What's a blind person's least favorite theme park	Seaworld
What kind of music does a rubber duck listen to	Rub-a-dubstep!
What is the difference between a Gynecologist and a Urologist	The smell of their fingers.
What playground equipment do kids hate the most	The slide into poverty.
What did the soap say to the hands as they were being washed	I think we're in sink.
What do republicans and porn stars have in common	They're both professionals at switching position on camera
What do an anorexic girl and the UK have in common	They both lose pounds really fast.
What do you call a hipster with a vasectomy	A Fixie.
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs	Steven Hawking in a house fire.
What is a southern aristocratic families favourite dance move	The whip
What did Hillary Clinton say at the last debate	Nothing...because she was in the kitchen where she belongs.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink	Wataaaaah!
What do John the Baptist and Winnie the Pooh have in common	They have the same middle name!
What does an elephant and a carton of milk have in common	They both cum in quarts
What do Monica Lewinsky and a vending machine have in common	Both say Please insert Bill.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid 200 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a bear with no hair	Bare
What kind of Fuel does the Iron Giant run on	Vin Diesel! : D Source: http://youtu.be/DmI_PcJQ6Wo
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a trampoline	I take my boots off to jump on the trampoline.
what do you call a pile of kittens	a meowntain
What goes up a chimney down, but won't go down a chimney up	An umbrella!
What's the difference between a microwave and anal	A microwave doesn't brown your meat. Courtesy of Chuck Palahnuik at his reading for 'Beautiful You' in Phoenix last night.
What is a horses number 1 priority when voting	A stable economy
what's the worst part about having sex with your pets	A week later they pretend they don't even know you.
What do you call a lesbian with long finger nails	*Single*.
What do you call a boy with no arms and an eye patch	Names! -Bo Burnham
What website do emo kids use for business networking	LinkedIn Park
What do you call a rebellious teenager whose parents are a lamb and a moose	A radical mooselamb
What's the difference between having a badly poured draft beer and having a child with Down's Syndrome	If the head's too big on your beer, you can blow it off.
Q: What did one strawberry say to the other	A:""Look at the jam you've gotten us into!
What do you use to compare and contrast nordic cultures	A Sven diagram!
What's the difference between a white baby and a black baby	90 minutes in the oven.
What sound does a frog make while jacking off	Rubbit Rubbit
Q: What do John the Baptist and Winnie the Pooh have in common	A: They have the same middle name!
What do fishermen say on Halloween	Trick-or-trout!
What kind of meat do priests eat on Friday	(And no, the answer is NOT ""nun"".) filet mig-none
What's black &amp; white and can't turn around in an elevator	A nun with a javelin through her neck.
What's it called when a smart girl jerks you off	A stroke of genius!
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with large breasts	One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean Credit; Dad
What's the difference between a girl's track team and a pygmy tribe	One is a bunch of cunning runts.
What's the definition of a Wookiee	Someone who doesn't have any expewience
What's the biggest joke of 2016	Look a bit to the right.
What's the difference between a whale and a toaster	You didn't pop out of a toaster.
What kind of letters did the snake get from his  admirers	Fang letters !
What does tofu have in common with a Dildo	They are both meat substitutes.
What did the astronaut say to the other when he pressed the wrong button	I apollo-gize.
What do you call it when a cat howls	It Meyowls
What are Isreali candies known for	A jewy center
What do you call a black ninja	Incog-negro.
What can fly but can't be given	A fuck.
What did the cannibal wipe with . . . . . . after he ate some people at the library	Pages from *Reader's Digest*
what is worse than finding a worm in your apple	The holocaust
What element can combine with two nitrogens and an oxygen, and still have there be only one element	XeNON.
What do you get when Sleeping Beauty gives a lecture... What do you get when Sleeping Beauty gives a lecture on the Northern Lights to the people of Wonderland	Aurora boring Alice.
What do you call an athlete that smells good	D. O. Durant
What size clothes do fortune tellers wear	Medium.
What are the only two similarities between my favorite buger joint, and the orgy I just had	Nothing but Five Guys, extra salty EDIT: Also, I can't type. Burger*
Whats the problem with running through a field of dead babies	Your erection....
What did Kim Jong Il call his Kindle	The Dear Reader.
WHAT DO WE WANT	! Follow-up questions! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? OH HELL YEAH THAT'S THE STUFF
What do you call a person with a meat pastry on their ear	Pioneer.
What footwear does Hilary Clinton wear to the beach	Flip flops or scandals!
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator	The fridge doesnt fart when i pull my meat out
What does a farmer do at a strip club	Make it grain.
What do you call a white duck	A quacker
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a corvette	I don't have a corvette in my garage.
What is the difference between a diameter and a radius	A radius
What is your favorite knick knock joke	Do tell.
What do you call a black man in space	An astronaut you racist.
What you can get with 57 000	A home for a refugee. Or a shit ton of beer
What do you call a Black man flying a plane	..A pilot you fuckin racists
What do Trees do in Autumn	Take a Leaf of absence.
What happened when the fat woman backed into the airplane propeller	Disaster.
What's the difference between jokes and pussy	I don't fucking get jokes.
What's a racist's favorite race	The 3k.
What's the cure for world hunger	Food
What do you call a group of gay elephants	A parade.
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend	His soulmatey
What do you call the side door of a brothel in Westeros	Hodor
What for you call a motivated mannequin	Mannecan
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both fly around Uranus wiping off Klingons
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Usain Bolt	Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What is a prostitute's favorite region of America	The Bayou
What does Taylor Swift tell her boyfriend when he gets toilet paper stuck on his arse	Shake it off
What's the difference between a zit and a priest	Zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums in your face.
What's the fastest thing on land	Stevie Wonder's speedboat.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball	You cant fit a prostitute in a bowling ball
what comes after the bar	f. as in barf because drinking can make people barf .. f could also mean fuck because drinking can make people fuck that is all
What does Spock sing in the shower	I'll stop the world and meld with you!
What does a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common	they can smell it, but they can't eat it.
What do you get when you combine a watch with a dog	An eternally suffering abomination...YOU MONSTER!
What do a UT Austin student and a Texas A&amp;M student have in common	They both applied to UT Austin
What did the Ocean say to the Beach	Nothing, it just waved.
What did the choir teacher say to the student who asked to use the bathroom	Of chorus.
What's a comedian's favorite candy	Laffy Taffy.
What's Sisyphus' least favourite type of music	Rock and Roll.
What if I color on you	What if I run a truck along your back? Steal your toy? Throw a ball? Spit food at you? - My toddler, wooing the dog
What did one mountain say to the other mountain	Nothing. They were both stoned.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot you racist.
What is the favorite scientific unit of the French	RPM ( Revolutions Per Minute )
What band does a wannabe join	Rock Band for the XBOX 360
What does a frog say when it washes car windows	Rub it rub it rub it.
What's the difference between God and Bono	God doesn't walk around Dublin thinking he's Bono
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass...
What do Eskimo's and Ziploc bags have in common	They both like a tight seal.
What is it called when 5 girls get into bed with one guy	A ""no one will ever believe me"".
What are the 4 dirtiest streets in Philadelphia	Turner, Front, Mascher, Cherry
What do you call an incredibly well-dressed punk	The Speaker of the House
What do you say when a Polish magician performs a magic trick	Nailed it
What kind of chocolate swims in the ocean	scubGodivas.
What's the difference between a tavern and an elephant fart	One is a bar room, and the other is a *BARROOM!*
What's black, white, and too fast to see	The perfect mugging.
What's the longest word in the world	Smiles. There's a mile between each 's'.
What do Pink Floyd and Dale SR. Have in common	Their last great hit was The Wall
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can smell it but they can't eat it!
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common	They can smell it but they can't eat it.
What do you call an elephant on drugs	Tranquilized.
What's a nun's favorite fruit	cantaloupe
What do you call a boring Muslim	Abdull.
What do witches ring for in a hotel	B-room  service.
What's something that you can catch but not throw	feelings. T.T
Q: What do you call a fake noodle	A: An Impasta.
What's the iPhone's favorite football team	The Chargers.
What did granny say after leaving her handbag on a bus	Allahu Akbar!"" I'm going to hell for this.
What driver doesn't have a  license	A screw driver.
What keeps fish from flying of Niagara Falls	They don't have a pilots license.
What do you call a cockroach filing a complaint	A Bug report
What causes German Earthquakes	Teutonic Plates. I'm sorry I'll find my own way out
What do you call it when a male mathematician imagines himself having an orgasm	Squirt(-1).
What's funnier than a dead baby	A dead baby sitting next to a kid with downsyndrome.
What's my favorite pirate workout and cereal	Captain Crunch
[NSFW] What's an English man's favourite sexual activity	Teabagging
What do you call a fish out of water	Asians? Idk it's been a rough day.
What do you get when you throw a piano down a mineshaft	A flat minor
What do you call a fat guy who jumps around buildings	Poor core
What does a rotting corpse say	idk
Q: What do you get when you cross and Chinese  and a Mexican man	A: A car thief who can't drive!
What do you call it when an Asian composer really needs the bathroom	Rover Flows Out Of You.
What did one wall say to the other wall	Meet you at the corner.
What's a frat boy's favorite toy company	Hasbrah.
What do you call a judge that doesn't have any fingers	Justice Thumbs
What did the sushi say to the bee	Wasabi.
What does the cabbage merchant use to fix his cabbages	A cabbage patch! - Sokka
What kind of organization is Atheism	Non-prophet.
Q: What kind of letters would you send to capital cities	A: Capital letters.
What is the best place for politicians	Election posters. There they are portable, silent and easy to remove.
What do Hillary Clinton supporters and Eminem have in common	When you tell them that you want to see proof, all they can do is tell you about it!
Q: What does Saddam want for Thanksgiving	A: Turkey.
What do Japanese guys do when they have erections	Vote
What part of a fish weighs the most	It's scales !
What did Matthew McConaughey have to say about the 2016 Oscar-winner's line-up	All white, all white, all white!
What's the difference between USB and USA	One connects to all your devices and access your data, one connects to all your devices and access your data.
Whats the only bad thing about head from an anorexic girl	She won't swallow
What do you say about a man with premature ejaculation and severe diarrhea	Easy come; easy go.
What do you call a couple, who are both in wheelchairs	A pair of polegics!
What do you think Jesus's stance would be on guns	I think he would be most strict on nail gun control. (Credit to Taylor on PKA)
What is it called when you get sick from gaming on the internet	YouTuberculosis.
What is Marlon Brando's favorite beer	STELLA!
Whats the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	Dubai don't broadcast the Flintstones but AbuDhabidooooooooo
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a hooker with diarrhea	You shuck the oyster between fits.
What do programmers and taxi drivers have in common	They both need a *break* every once in a *while*. edit: this is a three-way pun btw - it works better out loud
What did Abe Lincoln say when he was arrested	I'm-in-a-cent!
What's orange and sounds like a carrot!!!	??? A snowman blowing his nose!!!!!!!!
What do you call a politician with their head up their ass	David Cameron.
What do frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant woman have in common	An idiot who forgot to take it out earlier.
What's the difference between a 10 year old and a stripper	.... you better fuqing know you sick fuck!
What do you call a Blonde doing a handstand	NSFW A Brunette with bad breath.
What's the motto of the Mexican army	An Army of Juan
What do you call a European using the bathroom	'You're-a-peein
What did the perverted frog say	Rubbit
What type of curry sets fire to the rain	A-Dhal
What's the difference between a tsunami and a bear	A tsunami doesn't care that you are faster than your buddy.
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie	IT'S FUCKING FROZEN
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	He wipes his butt.
What's a barber's favourite kind of holiday	Cruising on a clipper.
What did batman tell robin before they got in the car	Get in the car.
What separates humans and animals	The Mediterranean sea.
What did dick say to the condom	I'm going in cover me !
What is the name of the martial arts discipline that the anime girl that you are in love with practices	Wai fu.
What do cows like to line dance to	Any kind of moosic you like !
What's the difference between anal and a refrigerator	A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out.
What did the baker say after he found the dough he had lost	That's just what I kneaded!
What is 6 afraid of 7	Because size matters.
What did God say to the alcoholic spelling bee judge	Define intervention."" Came up with this today at work.
What is the Mexicans favorite credit card company	Capital Juan
What will happen if somebody were to kill all Scotsmen	They will get off scot-free.
What does a deaf math nerd speak	Sine language.
What do guys like but are afraid of	Girls
What's the objective of Jewish football	To get the quarterback.
What do you call a drunk Muslim	Muhammered.
What do you call it when everyone is behaving on a cruise ship	Cruise control. LOL fuck everyone hahahaha 666SATAN666
What do you call a little girl who's very close to her dog	Nina
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common	Their biggest hit was the wall
What are some good deli related jokes	I need some good jokes about deli and or the meats and cheeses sold in them.
What do you call a person with no arms and no legs	Fucked.
What do you say when you're comforting a grammar Nazi	There, their, they're.
What did the Dead Head say, after he ran out of weed	Damn, this music sucks!
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call him, he isn't coming.
What did the young boy say to the pedophile who's dick was soft	Nothing, he died choking on cum.
What's do 9v batteries and buttholes have in common	You aren't supposed to lick them, but you do anyway.
What do you call a stoner working at a repair shop	High maintenance
What's gray and furry on the inside and white on the outside	A mouse sandwich !
What is the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian	A Ritz is a snack cracker and a lesbian is a crack snacker
What do you call the god of cheese	Cheesus
What do you call a gay paraplegic	Rolaids.
What did the blonde's mother say when she asked if she could lick the bowl	Just flush it like everybody else does.
What does a cannibal do after dumping their girlfriend	They wipe, flush, and wash their hands
What did the Asian janitor say when he jumped out of the closet	Supplies!
What's the difference between testicles and a penis	Wow. I can't believe you don't know this. There is a Vas Deferens between the two.
What do gay alligators eat for breakfast	Cockadiles
What do you call a fake noodle	an impasta...
What is the cheapest way to get a slut	Give her $300 and ask for the $299 discount.
What did Mike Tyson call the groom with cold feet	A Puthy
What's the thing in common between your girlfriend starting the pill and the muisic group Europe	It's the final condom... Ta da da da...
What do you call a hollow dachshund	Holloween. (*Please don't report me)
What's pretty and expensive but has no use	Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscar shelf.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks
What is the frequency of a broken tailbone	My butt Hz.
What does 83 year old pussy taste like	Depends
What do you call an alcoholic Mormon	An oxymormon
What language do they speak in Holland	Hollandaise.
What's the nastiest part about having sex with someone's grandma	Well, that DependsTM
What did Mr. T start eating when he went on a diet	Tofoo [7]
What did the Native American do after culinary school	He became a Souix chef.
What's the difference between Baptists and Methodists	Methodists will make eye contact at the liquor store.
What did Spock find in the toilet	Captain's log.
What do you call a man with a shovel on his head	Dug
What is a dead giveaway someone has no idea what they are doing	They have an engineering degree.
What did the drifter say to the person he hit	RIP my E-brake
What's the difference between British crisps and foreign crisps	One are Walkers and the others just Lays around.
What did the unskilled chef serve as a side dish	Mediokra
What is small, crying and cannot get under the table	A child with pitchfork in his back
What do you call an animal with a long neck and a love for oranges	A Jiraffa.
What does Brock Lesnar do if a website isn't loading	He gives it an F5
What do you call a fish with no eyes	a fsh
What is my ex girlfriend's favorite hands on day in math class	Manipulatives. god i'm so lonely
What do you call 2 fat people talking	A heavy discussion
what kind of sunglasses doe Janay Rice wear	Ray-Bans!
Q: What is the difference between an UNDERWEAR &amp; a STAGE CURTAIN	A: When you pull down the STAGE CURTAIN, the show is over, but when you pull down the UNDERWEAR..... it's SHOWTIME!!!
What did the fly say to the other fly	Your man is open!
What you hope someone might say about you when they approach your casket	Hey, I think he moved.
What time are you supposed to go to the dentist	Tooth-hurty!
What do maggots and Alabama fans have in common	They can both live off a dead bear for years.
What do you call a deer with no eyes	No idear.
What do I look for in a girl	Well she has to be hot. And well-rounded. And cheesy. Extra guac. Wait, wrong list, this is my Chipotle order.
What's a ghost like to drink on the weekend	Booze (Kill me now)
What's the food equivalent to Rachel Dolezal	...a hamburger.
What does a hippie say when he runs out of weed	This music SUCKS!
What do you call a crocodile/robot sent from the future to save the past	Termigator (jesus christ this one's even worse than the last)
What was Adolf Hitler's campaign slogan	*""Auschwitz the old, in with the Jews!""*
What do you call and eight sided dildo	A cocktopus.
What did the rabbit bride get on her wedding day	A forty-carrot wedding ring.
What does a fedora guy say on the Singapore border	M'lasia
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, an insomniac, and a dyslexic	Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call a person who got straight ""D's"" in medical school	A Doctor.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are a buck ninety-nine, but deer nuts are always under a buck.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne	Acne doesn't come onto a boy's face until he's 13.
[NSFW] What's the difference between priests and pimples	Pimples only come on your face after you turn twelve.
What did MC Hammer say to his wife when she caught him cheating	Can't trust this
What's an alcoholic's favorite novel	Tequila Mockingbird I made this up just now... I'm so excited about it.
What do you call a surgeon who graduated last in his class	Doctor
What do you get when 1000 politicians have an idea	A dim light.
What do you call a communist hip-hop musician	MC Hammer and Sickle.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	You'd think it would be the arrr but it's really the sea.
What did one ass cheek say to the other	We gotta hold this shit together.
What do you call a strange Mexican man who owns a chocolate factory	Willy Juanka.
What does the highest paid WNBA player make	Sandwiches.
What do you call a deer with one good eye	A good idear...
What do you do if your daughter gets dirty in the laundry room	You washer and dryer.
What did Adele say when the chicken crossed the road	Hello from the other siiiiiiide!
What is Whitney Houston's best kind of coordination	Hand EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEE
What is the difference between michael jackson and a grocery bag	One is white, plastic, and dangerous for your kids to play with and the other holds your groceries
What's white and can't climb trees	A refrigerator
What do you call a computer that farts	A compooter. 8D
What are the 2 reasons the girl broke up with her boyfriend	Because he was a cheetah and because he was lion too much to her.
What does Barack Obama say when his workweek is done	Yes weekend
What's easier to load into a garbage truck	Bowling balls or babies? Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
What do you call a person who only speaks one language	American.
What's Kylo Ren's Favorite Order of Chemical Reaction	A first order reaction
What did I have to tell the homeopathic drug addict	That's an oxy, moron!
What do you call a chicken crossed with a cow	Cock-a-doodle-moo!
What do tigers wear in bed	Stripey pyjamas !
What do a woman and a refrigerator have in common	They both leak when they're fucked.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking	You slow down and use lube (   )
What do you call it when a sewer collapses on itself	Sewercide
What do you call a budget circumcision	A rip off.
What do you call a cow having a seizure	A milkshake.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	Tennish.
What is black and knocking on the window from the inside	A baby in the oven.
What kind of meat can a priest eat on Friday	Nun
What's that thing called when your crush likes you back	oh yeah imagination
What do you call a stolen Tesla	An Edison.
What do burgers think when they are  surrounded by gherkins	They think they are in a pickle.
What happens when Keemstar and Ricegum have a baby	He's born with Diss-lexia
What do you call a car accident between two Nissan pick-up trucks	Crash of the Titans
What's the difference between LinkedIn and McDonald's	McDonald's knows how to use salt
What's the worst part about pissing outside in the winter	Getting a 2 inch dick out of 3 inches of clothing. Stay warm out there!
What has two legs and bleeds a lot	Half a dog.
What's really good in having sex with 26 years old girls	there are 20 of them!
What happens when a sane person posts on a far right sub and a far left sub	[removed]
What does a dyslexic, agnostic insomniac do at night	Lie in bed wondering ""Is there really a dog?
What do you get for breaking news	Newscasts
What did a Vegetarian Cannibal eat	Stephen Hawking.
What does a Blond do every Sunday	Swallow Jesus.
What is it Lassie	Timmy fell down a well? Earthquake in LA? The Russians are coming? You found a plane? No? ...Oh, you want another beer.
What is the best nickname for a nun in heaven	If you guessed ""Heaven nun"" or ""Angel nun"" you're wrong. The answer was ""Nun of the Above"".
What do you get when you throw a piano down a mine shaft	A flat minor.
What to do you call an old dentist	A bit long in the tooth
What are feminists best at in mathematics	TRIGGER-nometry
What's the difference between a well dressed man and a tired dog	The man wears a full suit, the dog just pants
What is the height of hunger	Teeth marks on the toilet seat.
What do you call coffee on the floor	Ground Coffee.
What's the difference between a boomerang and a train filled with Jews	The boomerang comes back.
What do Aids, Syphilis and Chlamydia have in common	Your mom.
What has Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville got in common	They both fucked minors
What do women and autistic people have in common	They don't know when to shut the fuck up
What Happens when the Cubs win the World Series	...They Leave a Trail of Tears
What is a Sloth's favorite breakfast food	Slothages.
Q: What did the tire say to the tire	A: I'm tired!
What do you call a retired professional swimmer	Washed up.
What is worse than 10 dead Babys on a Tree	1 dead Baby on 10 Trees. I know I am going to hell for this.
What's the difference between Asians and Caucasians	Asians don't have the ""cauc"".
What do you call a Hispanic woman with no legs	Consuelo! My mother told me this one
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	-Makes a choking noise-
What do you call a cross between Communism and Theocracy	Communionism
What's the number one cause of pedophilia	sexy kids
What country most despises cars that run on gasoline	Mad-at-gas-cars!
What do a rubix cube and a penis have in common	The longer you play with it, the harder it gets.
What's the difference between Italian and Polish sausage	About 2-3 inches.
What do you call a gay couch	A homo-sectional.
What porn do sea animals watch	Prawnography
What is Bear Grylls' favourite web browser	Internet *explorer*!
What types of trees never get Christmas presents	Knotty Pines.
What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson	Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon... and Michael Jackson liked to rape little boys.
What did the traffic light say to the car	Don't look, i'm changing.
What did the helicopter... What did the helicopter dick spinner say to initiate gyration	GO GO GADGET!!
What's the best thing about fucking a baby	You get both anal and deep throat at the same time.
What's an astrounaut's favorite key on keyboard	The space bar
What do you call it when a pickle masturbates	Gherkin off
What did King Midas say to get peoples attention	Eh you!!
What did the dog do when the panhandler put the bite on him	Bit him naturally.
What goes 99-clonk 99-clonk 99-clonk	A centipede with a wooden leg !
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick in someone's ass.
What's the difference between a gun and a penis	One is used to kill brats, the other makes brats.
Q: What kind of tree grows in your hand	A: A palm tree.
What's got 2 thumbs and is worse than Donald Trump	No, seriously. I'm asking.
What is the opposite of prostitute	Constitute, of course
What did Hitler get the Jews for Christmas	Nothing. Jews don't celebrate Christmas.
What do you call an expert on fishing hooks and lures	A master baiter
What's a lawyer's favorite type of cake	Torte
What did the Italian say to his grandmother with alzheimer's	fugetaboutit!
What's the difference between... deer nuts and beer nuts	Beer nuts are over a dollar; deer nuts are under a buck. (old but good)
What's in a name	Mainly, letters that make sounds.
What's the difference between a toilet seat and dinner	Dad doesn't piss all over his dinner. :D
What is the coolest food on the planet	Burr-ito!
What do you call a chicken surrounded by men	A buk-buk-BUKKAKE!
What does the sign on a closed brothel say	Beat it. We're closed.
What do we want	! AIRPLANE NOISES! When do we want them?! NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What kind of pistol should you use to shoot a bear	The one with the smallest barrel. It hurts the least when the bear shoves it up your ass.
What's the cruelest curse to wish upon a single guy	I wish his hands were made of stone.
What do you get when you cross a chili pepper, a shovel, and a dachshund	A hot diggity dog.
What you call a Dildo with six heads	Hail Hydra!
What is the worst part about being socially anxious and trying to tell a joke to a group of people	You'll probably punch up the fuck line.
What did the hungry boss give his worker	Their celery!
What does a prostitute and a bungee jump have in common	They both cost a lot, last 5 seconds, and if the rubber splits you're fucked.
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine	The washing machine doesn't cry when you drop a load in it.
What's the difference between an Electrician and someone who's high	The electrician knows where the ground is.
What was the Jewish child doing on the chimney	He was waiting for his parents.
What do you call a judge with no thumbs	Justice Fingers!
What do you get if you encase Beyonce in rubber and drop her off a cliff	Bouncy Beyonce.
What do you call a Soviet ruler dancing on a cracker	Putin on the Ritz. *ba-dum tsh*
What do you call a guy with a one inch penis	Justin.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters	Orange is the new black.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster who got breast implants	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What do a 9 volt battery and a woman's asshole have in common	You know you don't want to, but eventually you are going to lick them both
What do you call a group of people from Portugal	Portugeese
What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mothers vagina	Your mother's vagina gets some new content every once in a while.
What do you call a pirate who is lost at sea and has to drink his own pee to survive	Aarrrrrrr Kelly!
What do you guys think of message boards	....I'm all forum.
What's the difference between a tribe of pygmy cannibals and the girls cross country team	The pygmy cannibals are cunning runts.
What do you get when you remove the center board from a wood bridge	A paradox.
What is the most popular novel in Mexico	Tequila mocking bird
What do you get when you cross and elephant with a giraffe	||elephant||||giraffe||sin()
What's the best fabric Softener to use on a cat	Pounce...
What do sea mammals say when something happens against their kind	Oh, the huge-manatee
What's the similarity between communism and a pencil	They both only really work on paper
What do you call a snobby felon falling down the stairs	A condescending condescending!
What motivated Hercules to face off against Cerberus	Alcmene triple-dog-dared him.
What do you call a Palestinian women	A Jewish Fuck Bag.
What's the best thing about a hooker dying on you	Second hour is free.
What do you call a sort-of cool vegetable	A Radish
What did one ocean say to the other	Check out this awesome plane I got! I hear Malaysian is a pretty rare brand."" ""Nah man, they aren't; I got one too.
What was Osama bin Laden's favorite football team	The New York Jets.
What do you call a mother who lies about being a father	transparent
What do you call a salty white person	A saltine.
What can conspiracy theorists never explain	They say that 9/11 was an inside job... but planes fly OUTSIDE. Can't explain that
What do you call a sleeping bull	A bulldozer
What's invisible and smells like carrots	Bunny farts
What's a monsters favorite play	Romeo and Ghouliet
What's a Rabbis' favorite drink	Semenade
What did the meter sticks say to the lonely ruler	You just don't belong.
What's the difference between a red head and a blue head	Your grip.
What's better than going to Westford Academy	Going to Westford high
What do you call a Muslim ganglord with a penchant for Noodles	Ramendon
What did the head say to the butt	Better to be ahead than behind.
What do you call a knight with a morning star	Don
What does Monica Lewinsky say to call her dog over	Come, spot!
What did the Hungarian man say before he went to bed	I'm going to bed."" Except he said it in Hungarian.
What do you get when you cross a mountain-climber with a mosquito	Nothing, you can't cross a scaler with a vector.
What should you wear when drinking tea	A tea-shirt.
What award was given to the best Knock Knock joker	The No-Bell prize!
What do you call a gay cripple	Tomato.
What do you call a guitar that has completely changed parts	Trans-Fender.
What's the most common ""last words""	Allah Hu Akbar
What's the best about dead childrens jokes	They never get old.
What do you call a black attorney	A brotha-in-law
What does a philosopher put his/her food on	A contemplate
What did the cat do when he swallowed some  cheese	He waited by the mouse hole with baited breath !
What's the Islamist term for acceptable internet humor	Ha-lol.
What did Abraham Lincoln say after a three-day drinking spree	I freed the what?
What's a cow's favourite love song	When I fall in love it will be for heifer.
What does a clock do when it's hungry	It goes back four seconds
What do you call a talent show where they try to discover a porn star with singing talent	The Sex factor
What do a Texas tornado and an Oklahoma divorce have in common	Either way someone's losing a trailer.
What do you call group of mentally handicapped kids at a performance of ""Peter Pan""	Slow Children At Play
whats the best way to go cliff diving	without the body of water
What's the difference between Jesus and other carpenters	Jesus may actually return some day.
What the hell Hollywood	I've never had to rub blood between my fingers to know that it's blood.
What do you get when you cross a busy road with a broken leg and a blindfold	Hit.
What do you call an insignificant underage coal digger	A minor minor miner
What did the Swedish chef say to his girlfriend when he found out she was pregnant	Abort - Bort - Bort!
What's the difference between light and hard	I can sleep with a light on.
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my cock down your throat ;)
What did the sea say to the river	You can run but you can't tide!
What do you get when you cross Paris Hilton with Iggy Azalea	A horribly depraved piece of human garbage.
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over	Doughnuts. My favorite joke of all time.
What does the last man on earth watch on tv	reruns
What do you call a retarded five year old chained to a slab with his asshole lubed up	Daddy.
What is a Freudian slip	A Freudian slip is when someone says one thing when thinking of amother.
What do you call a bear with no teeth	*A gummy bear.*
What reads and lives in an apple	A bookworm !
What is the difference between a seal and a sea lion	an electron
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall	Dam.
What's the difference between a chef and a gay guy	A chef doesn't stir yesterday's food.
Q: What does a blond and a beer bottle have in common	A: They're both empty from the neck up.
What do you call a woman in the living room	A tourist.
What's Adrian Peterson's favorite gaming system	Nintendo Switch
What makes a ISIS joke funny	The execution.
Whats the hardest part about being a pedophile you ask	Trying to fit in.
What did the physicist say to the suicidal guy on the bridge	Don't do it! You have potential!
What did Hillary Clinton say to the battered black woman	We've both been beaten by a black guy, let's not let it happen again.
What is faster than a black person with your TV	His brother with your DVD player.
What's Spider-Man's least favourite rice brand	Uncle Ben's...
What do you call a black gynecologist	A gynecologist, you racist bastard!
What does Game of Thrones have in common with The Sixth Sense	Icy Dead People
What does Sonic say on the first day of Ramadan	Gotta go fast!
What do you get when you combine Soccer and Baseball	Golbat.
What will never be read in braille	Do not touch.
Q: What do small businesses cry when account executives harass them for money	A: Yelp!
What did Jesus say when they un-nailed his hands from the cross	THE FEET, THE FEET, THE FEET!!!
What is orange and sounds like a parrot	A carrot. :^)
Q: What do you call the loser in a hissing  scratching cat fight	- A: Claude
What kind of shoes do bears wear	None because they go barefoot.
What's the best way to get a man to remember  your anniversary	Get married on his birthday.
What do you get when you put 20 Meth Heads in 1 room	A full set of teeth
What do you call a cheap circumcision	Rip-off.
What do little piglets do on a Saturday night	Have a pigjama party!
What do you call a deaf Gynocologist	A lip reader.
Whats blue and smells like red paint	Blue paint
What do you call a group of crows dressed as geese	A murder most fowl
What do you call a mobile homes for rabbits	Wheelburrows!
What kind of make up was the girl wearing on  Halloween	Mash-scara!
What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet	Hide-and-go-seek winner from last year.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's going to take me a minute to get hard, I was just laid by this chick.
What do you call the armed group in Oregon	Vanilla Isis.
What do a stoner lost in the desert and Bolivia have in common	They're both really high and have no access to water.
What rabbit wears on his back while flying	Eagle
Q: What do you call a Blind Dinosaur	A: Do-ya-think-he-saurus.
Q: What's green and has wheels	A: Grass. I was just kidding about the wheels.
What do you get if you have strep throat on Friday	Saturday Night Fever.
What does Bruce Lee drink when he's thirsty	Wa-TAH!
What does a gay bird-keeper do for fun	He sucks a cockortwo!
What did the deer first say when he got to church	Deer God, please forgive me of my sins.
What is Samsung's next Note series phone after Note 7	Samsung Not Explode
What's the difference between an expensive purchase and a loud noise that scares a chicken	One costs an arm and a leg. The other caused alarm and an egg.
What do you say to someone who is making a cardboard belt	That's a waist of paper!
What's a philosophers favorite toy	Plato
What's Mexico's national sport	Cross country
What do you call rich Mexicans	The Juan percent.
What is rhubarb	Celery with high blood pressure.
What is Jesus' favorite gun	A nail gun I'm going to hell
What do you call an average ogre	Mediogre.
What's the definition of a woman	Life support for a cunt.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	BREATHE!!!
What do you call a Hispanic midget	A paragraph. He's too short to be called esse.
What does a black guy do after sex	15 to life
What did the velociraptor say after his workout	I'm a little dino-sore.
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws	Outlaws are wanted
What's the best thing about fucking 93 year olds	NOTHING!!!
What's the difference between a large chested lobster and a dirty bus stop	One's a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
What do you get if you bake weed into apple pastry	A high turnover.
What do you call a trio of Muslims	The Three Mosqueteers.
what is the difference between a tea bag and england	tea bag stays in the cup
What do you call the bad part of Italy	Spaghetto.
What do you call a vietnamese turkey	Gobbledy gook.
What's the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A Tire.
What do you call a nosy pepper	jalapeno business!
What the difference between a fridge and a virgina	Fridge don't fart when you take the meat out
What's the best part about gay sex	Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through
What's Varys the Spider's favorite OS	Unix
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros	Elephino.
What do you call someone that steals shoes	A sneaker.
What does a Playboy Magazine and a Model T Ford have in common	These days they're both hard to come by.
What do you call 1,000 liberals at the bottom of the ocean	A good start! **an old joke that my dad used to tell at every party. You could replace ""liberals"" with pretty much anything.
What's brown, green and fuzzy and if it fell from s tree it would kill you	A pool table...
What did Dr Dre cook for Thanksgiving	Beats.
What do you call a human that's now a cactus	A transplant.
What happened after the word bank was robbed	There was a run on sentences.
What do you call an Islamic mosquito	A 'mosque-ito'.
What's the only thing more annoying than a pushy vegan	When redditors won't shut up about how annoying one is.
What kind of health insurance does a llama need	Ollamacare
What meal was given out to the survivors of the Chernobyl accident	Fission chips.
What do you get when you cross Prince Charles and the Queen	Killed in a tunnel.
What did the cake say to the Pie	That's sweet, ain't it?
What did one hat say to the other hat	You stay here, I'll go on ahead
What's the best thing about being a necrophiliac	You don't have to bring the flowers.
What's the difference between an epileptic clamshell-shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea	The clamshell-shucker shucks between fits...
What did the groundhog's trainer tell him before the Olympics	Gopher gold.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews	Harry Potter escaped the chambers.
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pumpkin.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape	Breathe.
What's better than roses on a piano	tulips on an organ!
What do you call a dog who can do magic	A labracadabrador
What blood disease do communists get	Hammer and sickle cell anemia.
What would Ashley Tisdale have to do to become a boxing champion	Bop bop bop, bop to the top
What does a polite Southerner call a golden shower	Cuntrytime Lemonade
What's green, has four legs and would kill you if it fell out of a tree	A pool table
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire	Sametime next month? I heard this jome a while back. Sorry if its a repost
What's the technical term for a female to male sex change	A strapadictome
What did the Indian say to the nosy foreigner	This is ""naan"" of your business."" Sorry if you didn't laugh.
What's the difference between a gun and a radical feminist	A gun only has one trigger.
What does a blonde and a shotgun have in common	You break them at the middle and load them from behind
What does a taxidermist do for a living	Oh you know... stuff...
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Lickalotopuss
What do you call a Chinese Pilot	A Pilot.
What did the fish say when it hit the concrete wall	Dam
What did Obama say after his mom finished serving dinner	Thanks Omama.
What do you call a female driver	Carol.
What's the worst vegetable to have on a boat	My fucking retarded son
What does a black Santa say	Hoe, hoe, hoe.
What did the alpacas go as for their group costume	The zombie alpacalypse
What time of day was Adam born	Just a little before Eve
What's a balloon's favorite genre of music	Pop.
What do you call two Caucasian fellows in a box	Saltines.
What's worse than a chauvinist man	A woman who doesn't know her place.
What do you call someone whose body is only muscular on the right side	A male truck driver.
What street in Paris is well-known for its transvestite community	The Rue Paul.
What do you call an African who plays 10 pin bowling online	Ebola.
What do you get if you cross an insect and a  dance	A cricket ball !
What is Laziness	Logical Answer It is the Art of Taking Rest Before Getting Tired.
What has a bottom at the top	Your legs.
What do cats read in the morning	Mewspapers !
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and steel balls	Sparky.
What did the knife say to the pretty lady	Nothing, she knew what was coming...
What is the difference between jam and marmalade	I can't marmalade my dick in your ass
What is long and hard for a black guy	Third grade
What did the clerk say to the customer who tried to buy a candy bar with plastic quarters	This is non-cents!
What goes ""Ooooooooooo!""	A cow with no lips.
What do you call a fox that can't stop shaking	Michael
What do French people call a bad Thursday	A trajeudi. I'll escort myself out now.....
What do you call electricity still flowing today	Current.
What did the buffalo say to his son who's leaving for college	Bison.
What does Sarah Palin eat when she's high	Baked Alaska
What do you get when you cross a Swedish tennis pro, a computer virus, and an insatiable hunger for mort flesh	Cyborg Bjorn Borg hosting smorgasbords at the morgue.
what did the handsome highschool boy wear to school	a whole lot of DAAAAAMN DANIEL
What does Joe Pesci order at Burger King	An angry wopper.
What did one frog say to the other frog	Time's fun when you're having flies.
What's the best part of having Miley Cyrus over for thanksgiving dinner	Unlimited twerky
What did the Muslim Sonic say	Gotta go fast.
What's Homer Simpsons favourite toy	Bart.
What does the beginning of the German alphabet start with	Not Z.
What do an alcoholic and a necrophiliac have in common	They both feel like fucking death in the morning.
What's the difference between a Harley and a hoover	The position of the dirtbag.
What do you call a Five Guys restaurant in Africa	3 Guys
What is a traitor	A tray shaped dinosaur. Credits go to the wife for that one! She still giggles when she tells it.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur	A Dinosnore! PS: Caillou is the BEST show ever.
What happens to communists who are late to class	The get marxed tardy.
What building has the most stories to tell	The library.
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in the bathtub	The nun has hope in her soul...
What does a man consider to be a seven course  meal	A hot dog and a six pack.
What's a Cuban's favorite song	Row row row your boat Over to Key West Scarily scarily scarily scarily Avoid the INS
What's long and hard every time you wake up	Getting out of bed. You never feel like it making hard to get up and you usually take a long time to.
What's the difference between Trump and cancer	Cancer killed Jobs
what do you call... what do you call a bad noodle	AM IMPASTA!
Q: What problems would you face if you were arrested for drunk driving	A: I'd probably lose my buzz a lot faster.
What is the name of Bruce Lee's crippled brother	Broccoli
What do all Japanese Airmen wear eye patches	Because they're pirots!
What is a pirate's favorite letter	C
What do sexist horses eat	Hay hay hay.
What is the difference between a laddie and a lady	One has a d where the other doesn't.
What do you call a balding Native American	A patchy..
Whats the difference between an Irish Party and an Irish Funeral	One less drunken Irishman
What is a dog covered in poo called	A SHIT-szu. I thought of this due to the fact that my Shitszu came inside covered in mud.
What's the difference between Snow White and the Brazil soccer team	Snow White had the excuse of being asleep when she let seven in.
what is awesome and witty	heres a hint, join the two words and put a jew in there
What does vlads wife say about his premature ejaculation	Just putin, don't Russian
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea	I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my chest
What's the only animal with two assholes; One regular one and one on its back	A police horse. Sorry, drunk regular at my local dive bar told me this. I enjoyed it.
What do you call a Rasta with a liberal arts degree	Jahbless!
What do Indian girls have at sleepovers	Pilau Fights.
What's dumber than three blondes building a house underwater	Three brunettes trying to burn it down.
What is the difference between a Jew and a boy scout	The boy scout comes back from the camp.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've yet to pay money to have a lentil on my face
What's the difference between Lindsay Lohan and the newspaper	Lindsay Lohan never reads the newspaper in jail, but the newspaper always reads ""Lindsay Lohan in jail
What do you call a retired soldier who's been blighted with mustard gas and pepper spray	A seasoned veteran
What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Clause	With Santa it is only three hoes and he's done.
What did the lions say to his cubs when  he taught them to hunt	'Don't go over the road till you see the zebra crossing.'
Q: What's as sharp as a vampire's fang	A: His other fang.
What's the difference between Jews and a bullet	The bullet comes out of the chamber.
What does a violin player use as birth control	Their personality
What do you call an exemplary black housewife	Do'mestique
What was the first porn movie about Rappers called	Lewdicrous
What do you call a blond skeleton in the closet	The winner of hide and seek.
What do you call a pen without style	Stylus.
What's a priest's favorite X-men	A-Men.
What did the Nazi interrogater say to the clock that would only tick	Ve have vays of making you tock!
What do you get if you cross an owl and a rooster	A cock thats up all night!
What fruit can't get married	Cantaloupe
What did Batman say to Robin before Robin got in the car	Robin, get in the car.
What's the difference between a banana and a helicopter	You can helicopter your banana but you can't banana your helicopter
What do you say when somebody else has ruined your joke	RIP post
What do you do after making too many cheese puns on r/jokes	Goudaff Reddit.
What are a boyfriend's two most dreaded words	Missed.
What did the cannibal do to his girlfriend	Eat her out.
What comes after March	April, fools!
What's a redneck family reunion called	(NSFW) pump-kin
What should you do with your sick pig	make it into cured bacon
what after c	deez nut!
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend	Wiped his ass. Ba dum tschhh
What is Tumblr's favourite branch of maths	Trigger-nometry... I'll see myself out.
Whats the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period	you get your palm read for free
What do you tell a hitchhiker with one leg	Hop in
What did the kid with no arms get for Christmas	I dont know, hes still trying to kick it open.
What is the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer	The taste.
What do you call an Indian Jedi	Mace Hindu.
What is the difference... What is the difference between unlawful and illegal	One is against the law and the other is a sick bird.
What do you do with an elephant with three balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
What is the capital of Greece	$20 (A friend told me this a few days ago).
What do you do with an elephant with three balls	Walk him and pitch to the rhino!
Whats the worst thing about dating a terrorist	Doesn't matter if you come or not, they're getting blown anyway. Thought up this at work
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	a Roman Catholic.
What is Mexico's favorite sport	Cross country
What's the most confusing day in Harlem	? Father's Day.
What do you call a fat psychic	A four-chin teller.
What's the difference between the French and toast	You can make soldiers out of toast!
What is Chipotle most known for	- A. Steak Bowls - B. Delicious Tacos - C. Chips - D. Burritos - E. Coli
What do you call cow without a girlfriend	Beef Stroken off
What do you call a blind deer	No eye deer
What did the late arriving cannibal receive at the dinner party	The cold shoulder.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and JFK	One got his head blown off while the other got assasinated.
What do you call a professional violinist when they're young	A kiddie fiddler.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who plays the piano	Clever Dick.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute	A prostitute can sell her crack more than once
What did the donkey say to its dick	That's a pretty big donkey dick.
What is a girl pirate hookers worst nightmare	(NSFW) Riding on a bunch of different ships, but never getting any seamen.
What would Dorothy have said if she practiced Yoga instead of new age magical thinking	There's no place like OM.
What do you call a pachyderm that doesn't matter	Irrelephant.
What are Mario's pants made out of	DenimDenimDenim
What do you call a blind german	A not-see
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew	The boy scout makes it back from camp.
WHAT DO WE WANT	!?!! WHAT DO WE WANT?!?!? LOW FLYING AIRPLANE NOISES!!! WHEN DO WE WANT EM?!?!? *NEEEEEYYYYOOOOOOOOWWWW* Edit: Wow, this really took off.
Q: What do you call a blonde in a leather jacket	A: Married.
What shampoo did Paul Walker use	Head and shoulders, they were on the dashboard
What are sardines	A little fish that smells like fingers.
What are OJ Simpson's favorite keys on a computer	Return Home Slash Slash Backslash Shift Shift Shift Escape
What's one thing you hated as a kid but love as an adult	Molestation.
What do you call smart boobs	Scientits
What do you call kids born in whorehouses	Brothel Sprouts
What do you call Charlie Sheen having sex with his brother	Emilio Incestevez
What is the difference between feminists and Nazis	One group has a purpose and lots of support and the other is full of nagging women.
What is the difference between kinky and perverted	Kinky is using a feather. Perverted is using the whole chicken.
What did the Mexican guy say when the two houses fell on him	Get off me homes.
What do you call 11 people on national television debatting religion	the republican presidential candidates.
What did the midget say in the crowded elevator	You guys are a bunch of assholes.
What do you call a Death Sentence for a Movie Theater Shooting	Too much to ask for.
What did one redneck say to the other	If you were anymore inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac spend most of his time doing	Staying up all night and wondering if there really is a dog.
What did watson say when he got constipation	No shit sherlock.
What do you call someone who can't eat burnt toast	Black toast intolerant.
What's the difference between a computer program and global warming	One's an algorithm, and the other's an Al Gore-ism!
What's a pirate's favorite letter in the alphabet	Everyone thinks it's R but it's the C they love.
What do you call an animal that goes through your trash and tells great stories	A raccoonteur.
What do you call it when... A guy from Massachusetts doesn't pull out	A Boston cream pie!
What's the difference between healthcare.gov and Derrick Rose	Healthcare.gov was broken and now it works.
What were the photocopier's last words	Good night, sweet prints...
What do you call a teacher that's always late	Mr. Bus (think about it)
What's brown and rhymes with 'Snoop'	Dr Dre
What is hard when it goes in and soft and sticky when it comes out	A chewing gum
What do you get when you cross an Aboriginal with a Caucasian	A half decent person.
What Egyptian King called for equal farting rights for all	Toot-in-common
What's the most 'Spoken' language on Earth	Hint: It's not English Spanish.
What does a church shooting sound like	Pew! Pew!
What did the Easter egg say to the boiling water	Gonna take a while to get me hard, I just got laid by a chick.
What was Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite art form	Exi-stencilism
What did the bartender say after Charles Dickens ordered a drink	Olive or twist?
Whats better than Roses on a Piano	Tulips on an Organ.
What makes the noise of a cow when you turn it upside down	A cow.
What do you call a flock of crows who are resisting the urge to sin	*A tempted murder*
What do a mole and an eagle have in common	They both live underground, apart from the eagle.
What do you call a married cougar	A cheetah.
What did the depressed terrorist say to the passengers on the plane he hijacked	I'm sorry to bring you all down.
Q: What lottery did the broom win	A: The sweepstakes.
What goes in dry and hard, but comes out, wet and soft	Chewing gum
What would Hillary tell Bill when she will sit at the Oval Office	Close, Bill, but no cigar!
What does a bartender give you when you need the feeling of a strong drink, but you're not allowed ton consume alcohol	Xanax since he's a Bartender
What do you call a soda that's really sad	So Dapressed. I'll leave now.
What do you call violence in the kitchen	Assault and pepper
What's the difference between OP and a brick	A brick gets laid!
What's the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle	A tire.
What kind of porn do blind people watch	(NSFW) Ebony
What's the difference between chopped beef and pea soup	Everyone can chop beef, but no one can pee soup!
What's worse than 16 dead babies nailed to a tree	One dead baby nailed to 16 trees.
What type of computer sings well	Adell.
What's a Christian's favourite chord progression	G,Esus.
What does Reddit and fat people have in common	A LOT of people don't like them right now
What do you call a pirate's helicopter	An Eye-patchy helicopter! &gt;&gt;(Apache) . Ill show myself out.
What's the only thing that grows in Ferguson	The crime rate.
What does a traffic cop do when he wins some money	Buys an intersection for a private business work.
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws	Outlaws are wanted.
What does music have to do with safety	If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
What do you call orange juice that looks like apple juice, but tastes like orange juice	Juice Jenner. I'll be here all week
What is 007's favorite subject at school	Chemistry, because he knows a lot about bonds!
What do you call a baby born at 4 months gestation	Doesn't matter, still born.
What do you call spaghetti disguised as linguine	Faux-teccine
What sound does a Gordonramseysaurus make	ITS RAWR!
What did Wonder Woman tell The Flash when he saw that he was greying	I still find you dashing
What smell foot, pussy and ass in the same time	rolled into a ball tights
Q: What two states are opposites	A: Maryland and Misury
What's worse than one dead baby nailed to ten trees	One live baby nailed to ten trees.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on	Nothing...it just let out a little wine.
What did the monitor say when it got punched	Ouch, that Hertz!
What did the butcher say to the cow	...I love you for your inner beauty.
What does Miller Light and having sex in a canoe have in common	They're both fucking close to water.
What do you call a group of black cartographers	Niggas with Latitude.
What do you call an intoxicated midget	A little drunk.
What were the old-time gangster's last words	Who put this fucking violin in my violin case?!
What do you pay a hooker with	Income.
What did Obama say when he was alone	Obamaself
What do you call Batman if he leaves church	Christian bail.
What three things does a woman need to do an oil change on her car	Two boobs and a man
What's the #1 song in Ukraine	Crimea River
What kind of overalls does mario wear	Denim, denim, denim
What's the difference between Saddam Hussein and Sperm	One comes from Baghdad and the other ones comes from Dads bag.
What happened to the girl who wore a mouse costume to her Halloween party	The cat ate her.
what sex position produces the ugliest babies	ask your mother
What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Painter	Mohammed Dali
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other	See ya next month.
What's another name for a supernova	A POPstar. HAHAHAHA. Living is pain. Unbearable. End me.
What do you do with a dead scientist	Barium
What does a chicken call its backpack	A BokBok...
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup	It is really easy to roast beef.
What kind of bug wants to buy lawn turf	A gras shopper.
What do you call the space in between Pamela Anderson's breasts	Silicon Valley
What is the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws and the other is a pause and the end of a clause.
What do you call a man with a shovel stuck in his head	An ambulance because that is a serious medical emergency that requires immediate attention.
What do you get when you cross a seal and a polar bear	A polar bear.
What's a bigamist	It's a large fog in Italy
What have sex, money and depression in common	You don't talk about them, you have them.
What happens when doughnuts join a sorority	They have to go through the glazing. I'm sorry I'm a baker it just came to me... Pun-ishment is in order.
What happens when you sing a country music song backwards	You get your wife, truck, and land back.
[Dirty] What do you call a tear in the American flag	An old glory hole.
What do you call someone who is always disagreeing with their calculator	A chronic math debater
What is amnesia	Is it: A) memory loss A) memory loss Or 3) The Battle of Hastings
What's the worst thing about being a transgender	Having the women inside of you telling you what to do.
What is Jared's favorite part of a hockey game	Before the first period.
What is Russia's codename for Trump	Agent Orange.
What do we want	A CURE FOR TOURETTES!!!"" When do we want it? ""FUCK!!
What's green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it falls out of a tree onto you it will probably kill you	A pool table. (*)
What did the dolphin say to the other dolphin after he splashed him	Hey! You did that on porpoise!
What's green and smells like bacon	Kermit The Frog's fingers.
What do you call Pixar porn	Fucked Up
What did the guitars do when they were unhappy with their government	Formed a coustic d'etat
What do you call a Filipino yoga instructor	A Manila Folder.
What's blue and doesn't fit	An epileptic at the bottom of a pool.
What do you call it when you get a boner at a funeral	Mourning wood.
What is the difference between a woman and a hippo	One has an overly big mouth and a fat ass and one lives in the water.
What is the fastest thing in the world	Milk. Because it's pasteurised before you see it.
What do you call a confident chicken	Cocky
What's the slowest boat	A snail boat
What does the sign say on an out-of-business brothel	Beat it, we're closed.
What do you call a skinny Pakistani cow	A moo-slim.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter;it's not going to come
What's the same between Brussel sprouts and anal sex	If you enjoy it as as an adult you hated it as a kid
What is a feminist's favorite math topic	Triggerednometry
What kind of meth do nerds like	Xbox SmartGlass
What would ISIS be if George Bush was still president	WASWAS
What did the Indian woman say during sex	Please cum again!
What do you call a man who you are not sure will become your friend	A training brah.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common	One slip of the tongue and you're deep in shit.
What do you call masturbating on a plane	Hijacking.
What do ISIS and anime fans have in common	They both get hot and bothered over cartoons.
What happens when you find bones on the moon	The cow didn't make it.
What was the car doing in the dressing room	Changing attire.
What's black and white and eats like a horse	A zebra.
What animal has an asshole on its back	A police horse.
What movie did Leonardo DiCaprio's dog recently star in	The Woof of Wall Street.
What's the difference between like, love and lust	Spit Swallow Gargle
What do climate change scientists and Donald Trump have in common	Each is desperately hoping the other is a hoax.
What's Trump's least favourite vegetable	Cillary!
What do you get when you put a car and a  pet together	Carpet !
What's the difference between Oscar the grouch and a grouch at the Oscars	Ones green and the other is black
What do you call a gay alcoholic	Liqourace.
What is tuba plus tuba	Fourba!
What did the politicians say after taking a huge bong hit	What's Allepo?
What do you call an angry Muslim in Ramadan	Fastin' Furious
What do you call a person who steals and is then praised by his/her friends	A Redditor.
What did Donald Trump hate most about school	Essays.
What's the best part of growing up in Compton	No bad dad jokes.
What do gay horses eat	Horse cock.
What do you call a reptiloid that crashed landed its spaceship	Imsosaurus!
what is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	beer nuts are at least a dollar fifty, and deer nuts are just under a buck.
What is yellow and smells like red paint	Yellow paint.
What did Miss Piggy's boyfriend do after he found out she was unfaithful	Kermit suicide.
What is brown and sticky	A brown stick.
What do you call a person who sleeps next to dead bodies at night	Morgue Attendant
[Warning a bit racist joke] What do you say to a black guy in a suit	Will the defendant please rise !
What the difference between What's the difference between a chick pea and lentil	I've never paid to have a lentil on me!
What is a rift valley	Valleys that have fallen out after an argument.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11	You can't milk a cow for 14 years... I'm going to hell.
What is the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with boobs	One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
What is reddit's favorite song	Karma Police"" by Radiohead.
What do you get when you have rough sex in an ice cream parlour	A sore bae.
What's an epileptic's least favorite pizza place	Little Seizures.
What does the sign on an out of business brothel say	Beat it. We're closed.
What did one pimple say to the other	If you're busted, run.
What's brown and sounds like a bell	DUNNNG! What's brown and sounds like a Southern Belle? Blanche Devereaux with a tan.
What do you call a women with two brain cells	Pregnant with twins
What do American beer and a canoe have in common	Both are fucking close to water.
What did the celebrity say to the tabloid	You discussed me!
What are the loud, metal things that the Japanese hit	American ships.
What do accidental pregnancies and locked cars both have in common	Both can be fixed with a coathanger.
What's the difference between a girls mouth and her vagina	There is none. I want my penis to be in both those things.
What losses its head in the morning and gets it back in the evening	A pillow
What do you call a policewoman who shaves her pubic area	Cuntstubble!
What's the difference between a chickpea and a potato	You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.
What did the Zionist rabbi say when he heard about the plight of the Palestinian people	Never mind their wailing. We'll just build more walls!
What's a pirate's least favorite letter	The one he gets from his internet provider for copyright infringement.
What's the easiest way to tell if somebody's lying	He/she's not sitting or standing!
What kind of photograph does Arnold Schwarzenegger take	Polaroids.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea	Nobody's ever paid money to have a lentil on their face.
What does a brick and your mom have in common	They are both flat-chested and laid by Mexicans. Source: My old middle school.
What do you call a fat gay guy	Flab-ulos!
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when Sylvester Stallone wanted to dress up as classical composers for Halloween	You be Beethoven, I'll be Bach.
What did the comedian do when his joke did not go home with the audience	He became a boxer and delivered a strong punchline.
What did the sign in the Egyptian funeral home say	Satisfaction guaranteed or double your mummy back
What's the difference between Pizza and your opinion	I asked for Pizza #KingOfjokes
What has been confirmed when Ariana Grande spat on the donuts	She's a spitter, not a swallower.
What did the bartender say to the gold when the gold walked into a bar	AU, get outta here!
What did one businessmen voyeur say to the other	I'll have my peephole call your peephole.
What do you call an animal rights' activist that never grows old	PETA Pan
What do you say to a soldier who doesn't turn up for Camouflage training	Well done.
What's the difference between a walrus and a lesbian	One smells like fish and has a mustache, and the other is a walrus.
What's the difference between a Pakistani school and a Pakistani outpost	I don't know, I just fly the drone... *(Please don't hate me)*
What do you call a lesbian with big hands	Well hung!
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute	A rooster says kok-a-doodle-doo and a prostitute says any-kok'll-do
What is the Blood Alcohol Concentration that makes most people avoid main roads	Backstreets BAC
What do you call a homosexual on fire that jumps into water	A flameboyant homosexual
What's the difference between a freezer and a woman	A freezer doesn't fart when I pull my meat out.
Whats the Slogan for every I.T. Department in America	Mmmm. Move Over.
What did the Gorilla do when he saw the sign 'Clean Washroom'	He cleaned it!
What do you call a Dadaist fabric	Man Rayon
What's the difference between driving in fog and eating pussy	When you're eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you
What is ET short for	So he can fit in the spaceship.
What's the difference between a thug and a pirate's dad	One's poppin' caps, and the other's cap'n pops!
What do you call a Mexican with a small penis	Juan-inch wonder.
What did the blind, deaf, mute quadriplegic boy get for Christmas	Cancer.
What did the banana say to the vibrator	What are you shaking for? She's gonna eat me!
What has no eyes and four legs	No idea.
What is Andreev-Reflection	When electrons are reflected assholes by a superconductor.
What is the difference between a man and a dog	A man wears a suit and the dog, pants.
What's with all of these racist jokes on reddit	They're starting to get quite dark
What do you call a quadriplegic time traveler	Marty Mcsit
Q: What's the definition of a gentleman	A: One who knows how to play the saxophone but doesn't!
What's your favourite onomatopoeic word	Mine's ""silence"".
What did they say to the doctor that wanted to sew his own stitches	Suture self!
What does Jared from Subway have in common with McDonald's	They put their meat in 10 year old buns.
What will Stevie Wonder's next album be called	Songs In the Key Of Death
What kind of trucks do pigs drive	..... A pig up truck
Whats up Cake	Muffin
What do you call a popular joke on reddit	repost
What is the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating	Your Ears.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor	Where's my tractor.
What happened to the man who went to court for making deafening noises	He lost his hearing.
What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you get when you cross a rooster and a telephone pole	A 40-foot cock trying to reach out and touch someone.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus	The picture only needs one nail to hang. (P.S I am Christian )
What did the scientist say when a stranger came inside his lab	What the fuck dude get the hell away from my dog!
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence	An udder disaster.
What do you call a white duck	A Quacker. Just made that up and I will openly admit to being proud of myself.
What grows on Seasame Street	I dunno, a Grover something.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dre
What did the Rei say to the Hachi	Nice obi!
What do you call it when the only cow on your dairy farm won't produce milk	Utter despair.
What do you...... What do you call an alligator wearing a vest	An investigator.
What did one tampon say to the other	... Nothing, They're all stuck up cunts!
What's a Jew's favorite classic rock song	Money - Pink Floyd
What do you call a midget psychic that broke out of prison	A small medium at large!
What do you give to someone who has everything	Antibiotics!
What's the difference between herpes and friends	I don't have any friends.
What's worse than a bee sting	Two bee stings What's worse than two bee stings? The Holocaust What's worse than the Holocaust? Three bee stings
What did the one female tampon say to the other female tampon	Nothing. They're both stuck-up cunts.
What's the point of going to somebodys funeral	It's not like they are coming to yours.
What do you say to a woman with only one tooth	Nice tooth.
What do you call a chef who's stingy with herbs	PARSLEYMONIOUS
What do you call a bull that's sent overseas by boat	Shipped beef!
What is Hitler's favorite video game	Mein Craft.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	I may take a while to get hard, I just got laid.
What do you call a slutty UPS driver	A mail escort
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun	Luke warm.
What other US state can fit Kansas inside of it	Arkansas
What did the idiot do after seeing a joke that wasn't very funny	Downvote it.
What's an ""oying""	This joke
What did one bird say to another bird on New Year's	WOW THAT YEAR FLEW BY *slaps knee, then crawls back under rock*
What's the difference between Anders Breivik and a pro golfer	Both were happy to shoot 69, but only Breivik went to jail.
What do the Japanese call a large apartment	An itssoroomy.
What do you call a running gag on crutches	A lame joke.
What did Saddam Hussein have in common with Little Miss Muffet	He also had Kurds in his way.
What do you call a Salmon that sets a good example	A roe model.
What is a terrorists favourite food	Anything Allah-cart. I found it funny. I was exploding with laughter.
What do you call a cow with a twitch	Beef jerky.
What do schizophrenic people think when they say an insensitive joke	That sounded a lot better in my head
What do you get when you cross a highway with an armadillo	About halfway across.
What will be written on the gates of Donald Trump's wall between Mexico and the US	Arbeit macht Frei.
What do you call an electronic bowl	Ebowla
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar Nazi	there, their, they're.
What does a red neck divorce and a burning meth lab have in common	Someone's losing a trailer. Edit: Because I fucked up.
What did one ghost say to the other ghost	Do you believe in life before death?
What do you call a part gopher, part duck, and part you	A Gophuckyourself.
What's the most fucked up thing you can do to a blind person	Leave the plunger in the toilet!
What did the blonde name her pet Zebra	Spot
What do you call it when a white man dancing has a seizure	An improvement.
What's Forrest Gumps password	1forrest1
What do you get when you put a flight stick in an egg	A yoke.
What's Cain's favorite genre of music	Rock, I hear his brother hates it though.
What is the best formula for leaving Auschwitz	Lenght of chimney x wind speed
What do you call a cow with two legs	Lean beef
What do you call a 16 year old black girl who has had a few abortions	a crime fighter.
What is it called if someone wears your bra	Cobra!!!
What duo were famous for stealing horses	Bonnie and Clydesdale!
What is another name for a knife	A chopstick!
What did the Pirate say on his 80th Birthday	I don't know, but I'm sure someone is gonna repost this
What do you call a mayfly with a criminal  tendencies	Baddy long legs !
What is Oedipus' favorite flavor	Umami.
What's the difference between black people and cancer	Cancer got Jobs
What's a sports fan's favourite disease	The COME ON! cold.
What do rednecks do on Halloween	Pumpkin ~told by my dad
whats the difference between a Mexican and a park bench	the park bench can hold a family of four
What do you call 5 black guys around 1 white guy	A family friend paying a visit.
What happens when you insult Terrance on the Oregon Trail	You died of dysentery. Sorry.
What do you call a spiderman that's good at sex	Peter Parker
What's the worst thing at a bad joke party	The punch lines.
What do you get when you visit the dentist with a dollar	Buck-teeth!
What was the most successful love story in Game of Thrones	Shireen. She was only on Tinder for a couple of minutes.
What car do dogs drive	A Doge charger
What should we call Trump's newest scandal	Golden Gate.
What is long, hard, and has cum in it	Cucumber
What is the most crucial element of Oology	Eggsact measurements.
What do mathematicians get if they stare at the roots of negative numbers for too long	Square eyes
What is the internet's predominant religion	Cat-holic-ism. Meow!
What is the worst about a being black AND Jewish	Sitting in the back of the oven. Sorry if this is considered extremely racist mods, please remove if you consider it to be!
What's the difference between an egg and a redditor	An egg gets laid
What do Apple and The Titanic have in common	They both lost the Jack.
What is a long room with many doors called	I'm not sure, I hallways forget
What's Whitney Houston's favourite coordination	Handiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over	Doughnuts
What's the definition of an accountant	Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you  don't understand.
What u call 10 black people in the back of a truck	A good days hunting.
[Programming Joke] What method did SFML perform when the Human lost to the AI	Text.GetRect()
What do you call a wolf that's aware of its surroundings	Awarewolf
What do you call the moisture build-up between two cousins having sex	Relative humidity
What is wonder woman's favorite drug	Heroine.
What's the best thing about being named Richard	Every picture of me is a Dick pic. Which is to say my own mother hangs Dick pics on her walls.
What do you call a black guy who puts on a guy fawkes mask	A Vinegar.
what do you call a 5 foot psychic that escaped from jail	A small medium at large.
What's better than roses around your piano	Tulips around your organ! Ba dum bum chhhhhhh.
What's the difference between a prostitute and a crack dealer	A prostitute can just wash her crack and use it again
What do you say to an airplane when it gets mad	Cool your jets.
What did Grandma say to the frog	Something racist, probably.
What's the best way to increase the size of your bank balance	Look at it through a magnifying glass.
What's it called when a T-Rex hurts itself	A dino-sore
What did Mr. Burns bring to the pot luck	Egg_salad
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a dog have in common	A wet nose.
Q: What has more lives than a cat	A: A frog -- it croaks every night.
Whats long and green and smells like pork	Kermit the frogs finger.
[NSFW] What came first: The egg or the chicken	The chicken, I don't think egg cums.
What would you get if you crossed a monster  with a redcoat	A bigger target.
What do you call an EDM party full of serial killers at the bottom of the ocean	Deep-rave.
What's the opposite of progress	The president.
Q: What do astronauts eat for dinner	A: Launch meat.
What do you call someone who has 6.02 * 10^23 dollars	A mole-ionaire.
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman	Iron man is a well known super hero. Iron Woman, that's a command.
What's the difference between America and a yogurt	After 200 years a yogurt will develop a culture.
What do you call a Roman with hair in his teeth	Glad-'e-ate-'er
What does a chef with a chronic masturbation issue cook	Fapjacks!
What did the stamp say to the envelope	Stick with me man... We'll go places. Peace. Hmath out.
What do a priest and McDonald's have in common	... [NSFW] Both stick their meat in 10 year old buns.
What did the Nurse say when she noticed she had a rectal thermometer in her pocket	Some arsehole's got my pen.
What ever happened to Hitler's family	He Adolf Them...
What is the smartest thing to come out of a woman's mouth	Einstein's cock.
What did one snail say to the other snail	It...all...happened...soooooooo...fast
What's the only thing worse than a third Bush as president	A first Trump as president.
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo	One's a little lighter.
What did the pirate say when he saw his kid lighting the ship on fire	Arrr son!
What's Harry Potters favorite way to go down hill	Walking... JK ROLLING
What's a pigs favorite muscle	The hamstring.
What do you get when you use the 3rd Unforgivable Curse on a pornstar	Erotic cadaver.
Whats more offensive than black face	Orange face.
What do you call the corner of the market that specializes in philosophy	A Nietzsche market!
What do you call a bunch of Mexican stoners	Baked beans
What do you call a skeptical horse	A neigh-sayer. Sorry
What did one Japanese man say to the other	Something in Japanese.
What's the difference between a rooster and a hooker	[NSFW] The rooster says Cock-a-doodle-do, and the hooker says Any cock will do!
What did Tommy Wiseau say when he got an A on his final	Oh, hi Marks!
What do you get when you order a JFK	An americano with an extra shot
What is the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts	Deer nuts are under a buck.
What do French stoners smoke	Oui-d
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver	A golfer goes *whack!* ""Fuck!"" A skydiver goes ""Fuck!"" *whack!*
What do you call the system of honour of French horses	Chevalry
What does a vegetarian zombie eat	GRAAAIIIIIINS
What do you call a Mexican lady with no legs	(NSFWish) Cuntswaylow
What's the easiest way to make a million dollars	Invest a billion.
What sound does a pinewood derby car make when you rev it	Wooooooden Woooooooden Woooooden!
What's the capital of Greece	About 20.
What do you call a man with three arms and a pegleg	I have no idea because the actual joke is always in the comments.
What did the ghost say when he looked in the beehive	Boo-bees!
What do Redditors always get confused by	Seven.
What animal has more lives than a cat	A frog. It croaks every night.
What does having sex with me and the holocaust have in common	There are people who still deny it ever happened.
What did Helen Keller say when she put down the cheese grater	That was the most violent book I've ever read.
What's white and streaks across the sky at a thousand miles an hour	The coming of the Lord.
What do they teach in ISIS business school	Execution is everything.
What happens when business is slow at a medicine factory	You can hear a cough drop.
What does a good bar and a good woman have in common	Liquor in the front poker in the back.
What is worse than male chauvinists	Women who can't shut up!
What do you call an aardvark good with a light saber	A darthvark!
What do you call a disappearing President	Hocus POTUS
What I reply with when someone asks, ""What'd the comment say	[Removed]
What do Kiwi nuclear engineers eat	Fusion chups.
What's the difference between the United States and a yogurt	That after 200 years, a yogurt can actually build a community. Haha, happy late 4th of July.
What does your momma and a hockey player have in common	They both change their pads after three periods.
What do you call a hillbilly giraffe that lives in a trailer and drinks beer all day	A rednnnnnneeeeeeeccccccccckkkkkk.
What's better than winning a silver in the paralympics	Being able to walk.
What do gender studies graduates commonly say	Would you like fries with that?
What did one gay pedophile say to the other at the beach	Get out of my Son
What's the difference between a hotel and a lodge	You can't hotel your dick into someone's ass.
What language do bugs in the Middle East speak	Scarabic
What hat does a Mexican wear to a funeral	A somber-ero.
What do you wear when it's raining homophobia	A straight jacket.
What's a vampire bat's favorite fruit	A Nectarine! What's a vampire bat's favorite dog breed? The blood hound!
What's the Ethiopian national dish	Empty.
Whats the Difference between Acne and A priest	Whats the Difference between acne and a priest? Acne wont come on your face unil youre 13.
What's more Irish than eating potatoes	Not eating potatoes.
What did the boy with no legs and arms get for Christmas	Cancer
What do you call a bunny with a crooked dick	FUCKS FUNNY
What do you call a man with no hands and a book	A read-only man.
What do you get when an ice-cream truck breaks down on the side of the road	A cold shoulder.
What do you call a gay black man	A homiesexual
What is the difference between like, love, hate, and showing off	Spit, swallow, bite, and gargle.
What's black and screams	Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What's it called when a smell dates his sister	Incense!
What is the difference between a woman and a terrorist	With a terrorist you can negotiate
What do pizza boys and gynaecologists have in common	They can smell it, but they can't eat it! (Joke from sikipedia)
What do you get if you cross a frog and a dog	A croaker spaniel !
What number is the oddest prime number	2 Source: My discrete professor
What is 4,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean	A good start.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a homosexual	One's crack is in a junkie and the other's junk is in a crack.
What do you call Tinder for an amputee	Timber
What kind of bait do you need to catch a master fish	Super Bait
What's the difference between a kindergarten class and an ISIS camp	I don't know man, I just fly the drone.
What do waiters and prostitutes have in common	Just the tip.
What do you call a pushy asshole potato	A dic-tater.
What kind of shoes do Ninjas wear	Sneakers
What kind of shoes do paedophiles wear	White vans Edit: when /u/Sninfessor beats your joke
What do you call an abominable snowman who's always late	A not-yeti.
What made the quality assurance supervisor in an Amazon warehouse laugh	this
What blood type does a motivational speaker have	B Positive!
What's Macho Man Randy Savage's favourite capital city	Skopje!!
What was Camelot famous for	It's knight life !
Whats a similarity between planes and girls	they both have cockpits
What do you call a Woman who can balance 3 pints of Lager on her head	Beatrix
What's it called when two retarded lesbians have sex	Sthaftey scthissors!
What does Nixon's Head use to thicken up etouffee	A roooooooux!
What do you get when you hold two green balls tightly in your hand	A leprachaun's undivided attention.
What do you call an exploding horse	Neigh-Palm
What did Sandy Hook elementary get in the mail instead of new books	Empty Magazines.
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball	A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose	full.
What do you get when you eat a bunch of uranium	Atomic ache
What country has 6 faces, and 8 points	Cuba
What's the difference between r/jokes and your mom's vagina	Your mother's vagina gets some new content every once in a while.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A Lickalotopus
What's different for Sean Connery when he has sex with his wife or with a prostitute	It's the shame.
What did the dog say after stepping off a sailboat	Wharf!
What do they call Chipotle in Canada	Chipotl-eh
What do you call a hard working machine	Juan Deer
What do condoms and taxes have in common	Republicans are against them and democrats want more for schools.
What noise does a homosexual horse make	Geigh
What do you call a Jewish rock band	I want my nickelback
What is a good dog	A dead dog.
What did the Chinese man say when he found out his mother died	I can't bereave it!
What do you call a black man in a tree	A branch manager.
What do you call a communist video streaming service	Niet-flix.
What does Bill Clinton tell Hillary after sex	I'll be home in 45 min.
What's the difference between a bitch and a slut	A slut will fuck everybody in the room a bitch will fuck everybody in the room, except for you.
What's a feminists worst nightmare	Fat free milk
What's the worst thing about eating a vegetable	Putting her back in her wheelchair
What's a monkey's favorite snack	Rhesus Peanut butter cups!
What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a  meal	That hit the spots !
What did the banker get for Christmas	My 401k
What is an orphan's favourite drink	Fosters.
What did the racist chef say to Lenny Kravitz	Get to the back of the oven...
What do you call five black people having sex	a threesome
What's the difference between a prostitute with irritable bowel syndrome and an epileptic oyster	You have to shuck the oyster between fits.
What do you call a short Mexican	A paragraph, because he's not big enough to be an ese.
What do you call a Saudi cow	A moo-slim
What did ISIS say after the terrorist attack	Nice
What do you call a promiscuous fat woman	A sperm whale. --- \**awaits SRS downvote brigade**
What's the most popular wine at Christmas	I don't like sprouts!
What's the difference between A pope and THE pope	bout tree fiddy.
What do you call a student that graduates bottom of their class in Med school	A doctor.
What Olympic event that involves throwing should be eliminated	Discuss
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I'v never paid $20 to have a garbanzo bean on my face
What do you call a sleep walking nun	A roman catholic.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear	... Denim denim denim
What happens when two bald men put their heads together	They make an ass of themselves
What do you do if life gives you melons	You're dyslexic.
What do a big bar of chocolate and a frag grenade have in common	Everybody gets a piece.
What's another name for a dinosaur	A thesaurus.
What goes in hard and dry and comes out soft and wet	Chewing gum.
What did the man say when he walked into a bar	Ouch!
What do you call a child with no arms and no legs swimming in a pool	Bob.
What do you call Batman when he skips church	Christian Bale.
What do you call a ghost who only haunts the Town Hall	The nightmayor.
What's the difference between a waitress at a strip club and a stripper	About 2 weeks.
What is the most annoying part of boiling vegetables	Finding a pot big enough for the wheelchair.
What did the buffalo say to his kid when he sent him off to college	Bison
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato	A dictator.
What do you think of Miles Davis	he kind of blew
What did the Jamaican man say when asked why he didn't mind going to jail for stealing the Pikachu card	I love the pokey, mon.
What's the difference between beer nut and deer nuts	Beer nuts will cost you about $1.25. Deer nuts are under a buck.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Well beer nuts are usually around a buck fifty, and deer nuts are always under a buck.
What is the new fad diet for ghost developers	The Boolean.
What's the difference between a dick and a joke	You can't take a joke (    )
What do you call a Pakistani prostitute in France	Lahore.
What did the raped dog said to the PETA activist	Thank god I am not an African kid.
What do you call a dead pigeon	A pige-out ...made it myself...
What's the difference between a terrorist and a Jewish mother	You can make an agreement with a terrorist!
What's the most confusing holiday in Harlem	Father's Day
What's a doctor's favorite bird	An apothecanary
What kind of dog can you best see in the dark	A glowberman pinscher!
What do you call a vampire that can lift up  cars	Jack-u-la !
What is Superman's greatest weakness	A bucking horse.
What did the little Mexican boy get for christmas	My bike.
What's the bro-iest airport in the US	LAX
What's the difference between your girlfriend's yeast infection and the brand of peanut butter your Mom used	The peanut butter was easier to get off the roof of your mouth ...
[OC c/o my 9 y.o.] What holds up a bowl's pants	Suspoonders!
What did Tennessee	The same thing that Arkansas
What does a doctor say to the new father of a stillborn child	Close, but no cigar.
What's the last thing you want to hear when blowing Willie Nelson	I'm not Willie Nelson
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom	(slightly NSFW) A pickpocket snatches watches.
What did the Native American pirate say when asked his heritage	Arrrrrr Metis!
What do you call fruits that aren't allowed to marry	[OC] Cantaloupes.
What do you call someone who is really good at fishing	A master-baiter
Whats the difference between a wank and an egg	You can beat an egg.
What do you call a nerd girl with big boobs	...iRacky.
What do you call an epileptic cow	Beef jerky
What do scientists solve	Che-mysteries!
What did one plumber say to the other plumber	Pipe down.
What's blue and smells like red paint	Blue paint
What's the hardest part about riding a scooter	Telling your parents you're gay.
What do Japanese people do when they have erections	Vote!
What do you call a psychoanalyst's underwear	A Freudian slip.
What do you call mints you can spread through social media	Memementos
What do you call two crows standing side by side	Attempted murder.
What did the dog take when he was run down	The license number of the car that hit him.
What do you call a women with 1 leg	ilene
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom	A pick pocket snatches watches.
What's the best part about dating a black girl	You don't have to meet her father.
What does Reddit and Dating have in common	It wastes your time and you walk away with either tears or a slight chuckle.
What cut of beef was Lady Gaga's meat dress made from	Skirt steak. Forgive me.
Q: What are 3 two letter words that say small	A: Is it in.
What's the difference between an egg and a root	You can beat a good egg
What State do you go to to ask questions	Al-ask-ya
What's the difference between a strip club and a circus	A circus is full of cunning stunts.
Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino	A: 'ell if I know.
What is definition of indefinitely	When your balls are touching her ass, you are in-definatlly
Q: What's black and blue and laying in a ditch	A: A guitarist who'd told too many drummer jokes.
What do you call a dead asian	A failure
What does a promiscuous homosexual have in common with a popular homeless person	They both have a lot of bum buddies.
What did the hippy say when I told him to get off my couch	Namaste
What are the three fastest means of communication	Internet telephone telawoman.
What's the difference between a gay man and a curling iron	The gay man won't burn your dick while he's curling your pubes.
What does a white man never want to call a black man that starts with ""N"" and ends with ""R""	Neighbor
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the snow for too long	Polaroids.
What's the difference between a black person and a monkey	Nothing
What's the definition of Embarrassing	Running into a wall with a erection and your nose touches the wall first.
What kind of music do balloons hate the most	Pop music.
What is a female hockey player's most vivid memory	Her first period on the ice.
What did the dolphin say to the whale when he bumped into him	I didn't do it on porpoise.
What do you call hardcore backpacking	I don't know, but it's fucking in tents!
What did Archimedes exclaim when he discovered his penis floated in water	URETHRA!
What food reduces a couple's sex life by 90%	Wedding cake
What do you call a Gay dinosaur	Mega-sore-ass!
What happened when the cannibal ate a minister	He got a taste of religion.
What do Australian terrorists say before attacking	Uluruakbar
What do you call a jar of mayonnaise stuck in quicksand	Sinko de mayo
What's the difference between minesweeper and my ex-wife	I've never beaten minesweeper
What do you call ten thousand pastors setting themselves on fire in protest of marriage equality	A good start.
What do you throw to a drowning banjo player	His mandolin.
What does a retired Olympic sprinter have in common with Bernie Sanders	He quit running.
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It might take awhile for me to get hard, I got laid this morning
What happens when you scare an old lady	Depends.
What colour T-shirt would win a race	Red, because it runs the most.
What did the Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor	Make me one with everything.
What's the difference between alcoholism and a lobotomy	I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
What do Tits &amp; Model Trains have in common	Tits &amp; Model Trains were both intended for children, but are played with by grown men.
What does a dishonest frog say	FIBBET
What type of bees make milk	Boo bees
What do Justin Bieber and Adolf Hitler have in common	Neither of them are musicians.
What do you call a Vietnamese undercover police officer pretending to be a prostitute	Pho Ho PoPo
What's the best part of having sex with twenty seven year olds	There are twenty of them.
What do Michael Jackson and caviar have in common	They both come in little white crackers
What did onlookers say to the Wright Brothers as they took off	BYE PLANE
What do you call a Muslim pilot	An Airrab.
What is a clowns fart made of	Laughing gas.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino	Elifino!
What is green and has 4 wheels	Grass... I lied about the wheels
Q: What can strike a blonde without her  even knowing it	A: A thought.
What's one thing the Hulk would struggle tearing down	The fourth wall
What do we want	An end to auto-correct errors! When do we want it? Cow! Sow! Bow! Tow! Duck this...
What do mathematicians use to get fast delivery	Amazon'
What do you call a cheap circumcision	A rip off!!
What do you call a dog that doesn't have a life and hangs around the club for too long	A bitch.
What do you call a vagina with Parkinson's	[oc] Michael J. Box
What do you call a female peacock	A peacunt!
What do you call a female peacock	A peacunt.
What did the cow say to the horse	Mooooooo
What happens to crude people	Crucified.
What do you get when combine a penis and a potato	?? A dictator!
What do you call someone who throws up after drinking too much orange soda	... Fantastic
What happened to the over amorous clam	It pulled a mussel.
Whats the difference between a cat and a comma	One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What did Bill Clinton find attractive about Monica Lewinsky	He said she had the prettiest smile he ever came across.
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone	You can't hear the enzyme
What part of Popeye has the smoothest skin	The part he dips in Olive Oyl.
What do you call a big beefy doctor who also studies the weather in his spare time	A Meaty-urologist. ^^Don't^^shoot^^me^^...
What does a time traveler do when he's hungry	He goes back 4 seconds.
What do you need when you're not doing well in your Advanced Placement U.S. History class	A Push
Q: What state has the highest cell phone bills	A: Text-us
What do you call male and female Jewish baristas	Hebrews and Shebrews.
What is another word for children who haven't learned how to do math	yesallwomen
What is a soup-lover's favorite sport	Bowling
What do you get when you put 50 lesbians and 50 politicians in a room together	100 people who don't do dick.
What's the difference between a well dressed bicyclist and a poorly dressed unicyclist	Attire.
What do you call a Rapper who smokes too much	Tupac-aday
What is Captain Ahab's favorite reggae band	Bob Marley and The Whalers!
What does a necrophiliac get at a funeral	Mourning wood.
What does a suicidal multiple personality say every morning	If I don't kill myself soon, I will!
What did Trump say about the Middle East	Iran for president, then Iraq the nation.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb
What's the difference between jam and marmalade	You can't marmalade your dick down a girls throat.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a toddler	Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
What's the difference between pink and purple	The grip
What's the difference between a waterproofer and a porn star	Eventually, a waterproofer stops coming home with cock all over them. Forgive my accent, I meant caulk. (My first waterproofing joke)
What did the black man say to the Mexican	Hey. Watermelawn.
What kind of house does a stoned loaf of bread live in	A high rise
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral	One person.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I've never paid $20 to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
What do you call a kid with no friends!	A Sandy Hook survivor!!
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and Jared Fogle	Alien vs Predator.
Q: What was the most flexiest dinosaur	A: Tyrannosaurus Flex.
What do you call a pair of nervous wigwams	Too tense.
What do women and hurricanes have in common	When they come, they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take the house.
What does it take for a soldier in uniform to pick up a girl	... ....a smile and wave!
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other	See you next month.
What is Tigger's favorite day	Leap Day, but Spring Forward is a close second.
What do you call a bull that runs into a threshing machine	Hamburger!
What's the opposite of drunken noodles	Soba noodles!
What do Storm Troopers and Bone Thugs N Harmony have in common	They are both going to miss every body.
What did the Hitler trains say when they took the jews away	Jewww jewwww
What was the weather forcast in poland on the day before the german invasion	86% chance of heil
What kind of pants does Super Mario wear	[Denim, denim, denim.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0SuIMUoShI)
What's the worst part about a rape joke	The rape.
What do you call 1000 aches	A *kilohurtz*.
What's your spirit animal	An eagle. They're so majestic."" MEANWHILE Horse: hey eagle, what's your spirit human Eagle: this guy Dave
What is a sandwich on a ship	A sub-marine
What is the difference between your Mum and a sack of green apples	Your Mums a slut!
What's the difference between the US election and sex	During sex it's fun to choose between asshole and cunt.
What does ISIS want for Christmas	Turkey, apparently.
What do you call a lighter that is only used for weed	A highlighter Edit: Or a Bud Light Courtesy of u/isnottoast
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen	Snowballs
What do you call immigrants to Sweden	Artificial Swedeners
What do you call an elf wearing earmuffs	Anything you want. He can't hear you.
What did the Arab land his 747	The tarmac, you racist.
What do you call a blunt spear	Piontless!
What do you call a Jewish, German clergyman	Jew das Priest.
What do you call a group of Jewish friends	Hebros.
What's the worst thing you can hear when your giving Willie Nelson a blowjob	I'm not Willie Nelson.
What did the bread maker say to the wheat	I loave you.
What's the difference between James Dean and Jimmy Dean	Jimmy Dean is sausage in the skillet, James Dean was hamburger on the road.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	A porcupine has the pricks on the outside!
What do you call an epic space opera set during the Russian Revolution	Tsar Wars
What is Donald Trump's biggest fear	Mexican ghosts who can walk through walls.
What's better than roses on your piano	Tulips on your organ
What is a pirate's favorite letter	You might think it be R... but a true pirate always favors the C.
What did the Pimp say to the bashful Gamete Prostitute	Hey, Sex-cells
What piece of bedding can also be known as a Mexican blanket	the underlay! underlay!
What's black and eats banana's	Apparently half of London
What do you call a female chicken that goes ""cock-a-doodle-doo""	A lesbi-hen
What city is the favorite place for anti-Semites	Juno
What were the yoga instructor's last words when he got electrocuted	Ohmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
What car does Jesus drive	A Christler I'm so sorry...
What did the suspenders say to the trousers	What's up, britches?!
What was a doctors diagnosis of the victims involved in a pet van crash	Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Chameleon
What is the difference between a woman and a fridge	A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
What's the number one killer of African-Americans	I don't know, just axe them.
What did the Jewish pedophile ask the kids	You kids wanna buy some candy?
What can be served but not eaten	A tennis ball.
What is robot jazz called	Beep Boop Bop!
What is the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi	The people in Dubai don't watch the Flintstones but the people in Abu Dhabidoooo!
[Very Racist] What is the difference between a black person and a bench	One can support a family of four.
What's the difference between meat and fish	If you beat your fish, it dies.
What did they name the hot sauce lubricant	They called it Sricrotcha...
What happened to Loki after he wath hit in hith fathe with Odin'th Hammer	He became Thor.
What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off	Aww, shucks!
What kind of music does a printer make	A paper jam.
Q: What is a crowbar	A: A place were crows go to get a drink!
What do you call a rabbi with heart burn	Acidic Jew
What's the difference between a lawyer and a duck	People sometimes get upset if you shoot a duck. The duck is much less greasy. BUT MOST IMPORTANT Nobody ever complains about a duck's bill.
What do you call an Asian girl with Mexican parents	Juana Sum Peeksa.
What do you call an elderly burglar's vagina	A Crook Granny's Nooky Cranny!
What's Jay-Z's favorite city to perform in	SHEBOY-gan You're welcome
What do you call a pirate cartoon	An animatee!
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs after a house fire	Stephen Hawking's
What do you call a Roman with a hair in his teeth	Gladiator.
What did one elf girl say to the other elf girl who wasn't sharing	Stop being so elfish, Karen!
What was Hitler's favourite aquatic animal	Adolfin.
What did the Hispanic Fireman name his twin sons	Jose &amp; Hose-B
What has four legs but can't walk	A chair.
What do you get... What do you get when you try to inject Human DNA into a goat	Banned from the petting zoo, apparently.
Q: What do you call a lawyer who has gone bad	A: Senator.
What do astronomers do when they have nowhere else to turn	They default in our stars
What's a blonde with a shotgun in wheat field	.. A cereal killer !
What Did Big Nacho Say To Little Nacho	I'm Nacho Daddy.
What do 9/10 people enjoy	Gang rape D:
What is Batman's least favorite TV channel	The Family Channel.
What is the bass players preferred method of contraception	His personality.
What did Victoria say to Vancouver	I'll BC-ing you later.
What's the deference between and porcupine and a BMW	A porcupine has its pricks on the outside
What is the ardent task of searching for a new wallpaper called	Running a Backgroud Check.
What's long, hard, 6 inches, and makes the ladies scream when it's put in their mouth or up their vagina	A knife.
What did they say about the pastry with the low IQ	He was Retarted
What do you call four Mexicans stuck in quicksand	Cuatro Sinko
What do fat people do in the summer	Stink
What's Gandalf's favorite band	A Flock of Smeagols
What is the only thing standing between me and being rich	I haven't hit Reddit gold yet.
What is the most common kind of martial arts among Germans	Jewjitsu
What's the difference between a hoedown and a hootenanny	One's when your prostitute falls on the floor, and the other is when your babbysitter is making owl sounds.
What's the fastest thing on land	Stevie Wonder's speedboat
Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup	You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup!
What has 4 legs and 1 arm	A pitbull on a children's playground.
What did they stamp on the Asian baby as he came out of his mother's womb	Made in Va-China.
What were Charles Darwin's favorite fruits	Oranges and peaches.
What do you call someone who has one parent that is a Jew	Jew...ish
What do you call a Mexican Baptism	Bean dip.
What's the most difficult part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair
What's the difference between Buddhism and porn	Buddha teaches not to fill a hole in yourself with material possesions.
what do martial artists eat	kung food edit: the people making additional jokes are my heroes
What do you call a Winston using his Jetpack	? A Boosted Animal
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball	Nothing she just gagged a little.
What do you call Donald Trump's plane	Hair force one...
What do you call a 2D fairy	Pixie-lated
What's more fun then swinging a baby on a clothes line	Stopping it with a shovel.
What's the similarity between your zero-exercise lifestyle and a professional weight-lifter competing in the Olympics	They both involve muscles and they both result in a-trophy.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew	The pizza in the oven doesn't scream.
What do you call a pensioner at a murder trial	A juryatric.
What does socialism smell like	It has a Bernie smell.
What happened after 14-Year-Old Richie inherited his father's footwear empire	He came into a lot of socks.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	Keep the tip.
What kind of movies do Scientologists like	Cult classics
What is M. Night Shyamalan's favorite pastry	A cinema-n twist.
What's hairy and has five fingers	A thalidomide's armpit
What does walking a tightrope and having period sex have in common	You don't want to look down, in either case.
What do you call a fat girl with a rape whistle	Optimistic
what is 40 feet long and only has 3 teeth	The funnel cake line at the Arkansas state fair.
What do you call a bus full of lawyers driving off a cliff	[A Good Start.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obKLdou0LH0)
What do you call a bunch of phones having sex	A 4G.
What's worse than AIDS	Beads.
What do xbox services and prostitutes have in common	They both take my money then go down on me
What do you call a hookers fart	A prostitoot
What's a pedophile's favorite shoe	White vans
Whats brown and sticky	A stick.
What's good about Switzerland	Not much, but the flag is a big plus.
what do you call a Kentucky farm girl who can run faster than her dad	A Virgin
What's the difference between a sociopath and a psychopath	You can't ride your bike on a sociopath
Q: What's the inscription on dead blues-singers tombstones	A: ""I didn't wake up this morning...
What is a cats favorite website	Reddot.com
What do you get when you mix a monkey and a midget	Tom Cruise
What did the prolapsed anus say to the sock	I like your hat.
What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair	A Hun knee comb.
What do you get when you let 25,000 Syrian refugees into Canada during the winter	Isisicles
What's it called when Batman ditches church	Christian bail.
What is a black belt's favorite beverage	Kara-tea.
What do you call a Chinese rapist	Peking Dick
What's a hillbillies favorite holiday	Halloween.... Do you want to know why? Because they like to pump kin.
What's an accountant's idea of trashing his hotel room	Refusing to fill out the guest comment card.
What do sluts shower them selves in	Cum........ I'm sorry a friend told me this and i thought it was so bad i needed to post it.
What do you call the spicy version of Cream of Someyoungguy	Cream of Someyoungthai.
What do male prostitutes and Inspector Clouseau have in common	They're both Peter Sellers
What do you call jokes about bread	buns
What is the least pleasant state to live in	Missouri.
What do you call a top-ranking Mexican dude that oversees everything	Senor Manager
What do I have in common with middle Eastern women	We both get stoned to death on a regular basis in public.. And nobody around seems to mind.. And some people ask for hits..
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo	Great big holes all over australia
What do you call an abusive pothead	A weed whacker.
What does a baby computer call it's father	Data
What's the difference between Hitler and cops	Come on, he wasn't that bad.
What do you call it when an employee poops in the food at a Chinese restaurant	Shitty wok
What's a bitch's favorite form of advertisement	A paw pup.
What's a wrestling chef's signature move	A Soufflex
What drink did the Karate Master order	Wa-tah! Haha. I'll leave now... (Sorry if already posted. I searched a little bit but found nothing.)
What's pink lives in a sty and drinks  blood	A hampire.
What did the Vegetarian say when he wanted to eat meat	Going vegetarian was a missteak
What do you call a pig that does karate	Pork Chop!
What do you call nuts on the wall	?? (NSFW language) ...wallnuts! What do you call nuts on your chest??? ...chestnuts! What do you call nuts on your chin??? ...a mouth full of c0ck!!!
Q: What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife	A: 45 lbs. Q: What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? A: 45 minutes.
What did the cell say to its sister when she stepped on her toe	Mitosis
What do you call a doll with a fiddle and a hatred of Jews	A Doll Fiddler
What do you call a gay sailor who happens to have a cold	Phlegmbuoyant.
What did I do when I had a bomb strapped to me chest	Iran
What comes up but never comes down	Russian Cosmonauts
What do you call it when a turtle beats a rabbit in a race	Aesop story.
What did the black kid say to his mom when he had diarrhea	Help! I'm melting!
What do you get when you cross the Italian mafia with the Russian mafia	Thrown in a lake.
What do you call a four-legged significant other	Dear
What do you call it... What do you call it when a bus and a car are put together	12 Casualties
What do you do with a sick chemist	If you can't helium, and you can't curium, you might as well barium.
What is Nux's favorite browser	Chrome.
What do you call a woman who can't draw	Tracy
Whats blue and doesn't weigh much	Light Blue.
What is a psychic medium	...smaller than a psychic large.
What did Obama say to his depressed painter	It's going to be all white.
What did the Spanish guidance counselor tell his students	You have to have gooooooaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllssssssssss!!!!!
What do you call it when a prostitute makes paper birds	Whore-igami
What do you call it when you do papercrafts with seaweed	Norigami.
What did the woman say when she was diagnosed with cerebal palsy	Nothing, she was too disabled to speak
What did the retarded kid get on his IQ test	Drool
What did the cannibal ask for at the cruiseline buffet	The passenger list.
What do you get when you divide a pumpkin's circumference by its diameter	Pumpkin pi!
What do you call a computer that says hello to you when you start it up	A Dell.
What do you call a brony in a wheelchair	Virgin Mobile
What's Forrest Gump's password	1forrest1
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps	Michael Phelps could finish a race.
What do you have to know to be an auctioneer	Lots
What was the last thing Arnold Schwarzenegger said before he was eaten by cannibals	I'll be snack.
What did the Agnostic Dyslexic Insomniac do	He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
What do you call an arrogant robber	a condescending condescending
what do you say about a high mountain	its pretty stoned
What do you call the german version of Harry Potter	Heinrich Potter, and the chamber of gas.
What is trees' preferred drug	Water. It helps them get high.
what is a deaf person's favorite cereal	shredded what
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Harry Potter	Santa would never free an elf.
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottsman	The Rolling Stones say ""Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!"" And a Scottsman says ""Hey McLeod, get of me ewe!
What was the name of the heaviest man in china	Won ton
What's the name of the jewish spider	Spidermann
What do you get when you cross a turd and a mailbox	Shitpost.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist	a pok-e-mon!
What's Helen Keller's favorite color	Corduroy.
What did the plate say to the other plate	dinner's on me
What does an unborn fetus and a tube of toothpaste have in common	Neither of them can be used as functional tables.
What did one lesbian pirate say to the other	Scissor me timbers!
What if there was a Christian version of ISIS called CHRISIS	!
What would you get if you crossed a monster with the god of love	A stupid Cupid!
What's the difference between Hillary and a piece of fruit	[deleted]
What did the fisherman and his girlfriend do last night	Net fish and krill
What do you call a jazz musician without a girlfriend	Homeless
What's the difference between a lawyer and God	God doesn't think he's a lawyer.
What file archiver do Tigers use	Win-Rawr.
What do airlines and prostitutes have in common	You pay them and get fucked
What do you call it when you can't decide between a natural birth and the hospital	A midwife crisis.
What's the difference between having a son and having a daughter	If you have a son, there's only one penis you have to worry about.
What's the opposite of a basic bitch	An acidic bitch.
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee you racist bastard.
What's black and never works	Decaffeinated coffee you racist bastard!
What do you call a fake noodle	an IMPASTA
What's the first part of a stripper to blow	The knee. It's a load-bearing joint.
What do you call transgender Hershey's chocolate	Himshey's chocolate...
What organ do only British people have	The Eng gland.
What's 10 inches long and white	Nothing.
What do you call haunted titties	BOOOOOBIES!
What does a Muslim redneck wear	A murka
What did the robber with an errection say	This is a stick-up.
What's Anakin Skywalker's favorite beer	Yeungling. He can kill off a 12-pack by himself.
Whats common between the world trade centres and genders	There were once two but now they're too offensive to talk about.
What's the best part about being a mohel	(someone who performs circumcisions in the Jewish religion) The tips.
What do you call a vampire that drinks period blood	Cunt Dracula.
What did the sluts left leg say to her right leg	Nothing, they never met.
What's the best thing to bring to your holiday party	A Christmas tree. Because they're lit.
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt	Shame and sadness at the slow decline of their once beautiful and vibrant culture.
What is the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is heavy and the other is a little lighter.
What did the tranny say to their surgeon	Keep the change
What do ghosts get arrested for	Possession.
What did the violin say when it finally played the music correctly	Viola.
What goes well with country music	Suicide.
What country's citizens are most affected by global warming	South Koreans
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	It doesn't cost $200 to have a lentil on my face.
Q: What's the difference between  Personal Injury lawyers and Congress	A: No fee--If No Recovery!
What's the difference between a clever midget and an STD	Well, one of them is a cunning runt... side note: apparently Jim Morrison of The Doors said this gem at a meeting with some record executives.
What do you find at an end of the rainbow	Violet
What kind of fish is made of only two sodium atoms	2Na
What do you get when you combine a parrot and a centipede	A walkie talkie!
What is Bielefeld's Zip Code	404
What is the sexiest pair of lingerie	Your mother's thigh highs and a Freudian slip.
What do you do when a chemist dies	You barium
What does a Walrus and Tupperware have in common	They both enjoy a tight Seal.
What did the bell say when it fell in the water	I'm wringing wet.
Whats the difference between your job and a dead prostitute	Your job still sucks.
What is a ghost's favorite airplane	BOO!eing
What do you call an anorexic girl that has a yeast infection	A quarter-pounder with cheese.
What's the tallest building in the world	A library, because there are so many stories. (Did Not Make Up this Joke)
What's the difference between a hippopotamus and a Zippo	One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
What do gay horses eat	*haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy.....*
What do you call optimistic lube	Lubrican
What do womens' breasts &amp; toy trains have in common	There're intended for children, but it's the fathers that wind up playing with them.
What did the piston say to the freely expanding gas	No pressure
What does a blowjob and a steady job have in common	I haven't had either in five years
Whats worse than five dead babies in a trash can	One dead baby in five trash cans
What happened to the NSFW warning on r/Jokes	It stopped working like all those who got caught on reddit at work.
Q: What did the kangaroo say when her baby was missing	A: Help! My pocket's been picked!
What do you get when you cross a hotdog and a potato	A dictator.
What do you call Nashville's Junior Hockey League	The Child Predators.
What's Mario's favorite pants	Denim Denim Denim
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A roamin Catholic.
Whats blue and bangs old ladies	Me in my lucky blue coat.
What goes cackle cackle boom	A witch in a minefield.
What do you get if you cross a sheep and a kangaroo	A wooly jumper!
What can a homeless figure skater do to get by	Turn-tricks
What word is always spelled incorrectly	Incorrectly
What do you call a nose with no body	Nobody nose.
What's a pirates favorite letter	You think it's 'aarrrggh' but it's really the 'sea!' Tell me your favorite corny one liner jokes
What did the gaysian give his buddy	A bro-job.
What does the Doctor use to keep things running smoothly in the T.A.R.D.I.S	WD-4D
What do you call the act of turning over in bed to switch from the missionary position to doggy style	A sexual revolution.
what's the medical term for a female-to-male gender reassignment surgery	an addadictomy
What does a cow call his mate	Oxfam.
What do you call an aardvark that's good at golf	A paredvark!
What do you call a recently created sub-atomic particle	New-tron.
What do you get when you cross a cow with an octopus	Reprimand from the university ethics board and immediate withdrawal of all research grants.
What sound does and alcohlic train make	Chug chug chug chug chug chug... I'll show myself out.
What do you get if you cross a bird with a  monstrous snarl	A budgerigrrrrr!
What medicine do men take when their privates start hurting	Penis-illin'
What do you call a paraplegic with an incurable STD	Roll-aids.
What would you do with $1 Million	I would buy a new butt, mine has a hole in it.
What's the difference between an Atheist and a black guy	Atheists are stereotyped as being giant dicks. Black guys are stereotyped as having giant dicks.
What did Justin Verlander finish on Friday	Kate's back.
whats the best thing about an ethiopian blowjob	they always swallow
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber	Nothing. You can't cross a vector with a scalar.
What do you call an exploding dinosaur	Dino-mite
What does Johnny Depp say when cutting down trees	TIMBUUUUUUUURTON
What did the author tell his publisher when he handed him a 600 pages instead of the 200 the publisher had asked for	Sorry, I overwrote your order. :-)
What does a West Virginia woman say after sex	Git off me Pa, you're squishing my smokes.
What do cows sing at their friends birthday  parties	Happy Birthday to MOO Happy Birthday to Moo
What is the difference between 'Ignorance' and 'Apathy'	I don't know, and I don't care!
What is the most important factor in China's future	Euthanasia.
What do you call a man with a rabbit up his jumper	Warren !
What do you get if you push a piano down a mine	A flat miner
What do you call someone who wears leather, likes bondage and likes getting inked	Moleskine
What do a necrophiliac and an alcoholic have in common	They both like to crack open a cold one
What are the chances you know an Olympic gymnast	? A stretch
What did people call the Nutty Professor before he became a professor	Mr. Peanut
What is so ironic about Atheists	A: they're always talking about God.
What do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard	Pillow fight
What do you call a fat person with hemophilia	Diableedes
What do you call a myth from the middle east	A turban legend
What do you call a man trying to conceal his boner	The battle of the buldge.
Whats white and salty	Salt.
What do Harry Potter and Kermit the frog have in common	Hogwarts
What do you call a pepper in late autumn	A little chili
What did Hitler tell his wife on Valentines Day	Be Mein
What's the difference between and out-law and an in-law	One's wanted.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals	Philippe Philoppe.
What's the difference between a black guy and a canoe	Canoes tip.
What do you call a same-sex lion orgy	Gay Pride.
What does the word 'gay' mean	asked a son to his father. ""It means 'happy,'"" replied the father. ""Oh,"" contested the son, ""so are you gay, then?"" ""No, son, I have a wife.
What is Sherlock Holmes' favorite tree	A-lemon-tree my dear Watson.
What's a gay man's favorite planet	Earth, most likely. Unless he's personally interested in space exploration, in which case he might say Mars.
What kind of sound does a horny toad make	Rubbit, rubbit.
What's the difference between Tigger and Pooh	I've never smeared tigger on my face
What was Poppin Fresh's new name after he was put into the witness protection program	John Dough
What side dishes did Jesus eat at the last supper	Peas and hominy.
What is the bravest organ	The *gall*-bladder.
What does a Buddhist monk say when ordering a subway sandwich	*Make me one with everything*
What do you call a joke that has been internet obsolete for a while	The Game.
What kinds of stories do dolphins tell around the campfire	They're just ghost stories for all in tents and porpoises.
What do you do to an elephant with three balls	Walk him, and pitch to the giraffe!
What did the drummer get on his test	Drool
What is hail	Hard boiled rain !
What do you call a frog who wants to be a cowboy	Hoppalong Cassidy.
What do you call a muslim flying a plane	A pilot.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Don't bother, he's not coming.
What is the difference between a soap and a jew	There isn't.
What do Steve Harvey and a dentist have in common	They're both experts at placing temporary crowns.
What do you call an anorexic Guinea pig	A skinny pig.
What do you call a litter of Corgi puppies	A Corgisbord.
What did one orphan say to the other	Robin! Get in the batmobile
What do you call a necrophiliacs erection	Mourning wood.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman	Have an ice day. It's a bad one, I know.
What do you do when an epileptic is having a seizure in the bathtub	Throw your dirty laundry in there with some detergent.
what's the difference between you and an egg	eggs get laid!
What's the difference between a blonde and a computer	You only have to punch information into a computer once.
What do you call an ant that's walking in perfect form	An informant
What do you call a black man flying a plane	A pilot, you racist!
What did the right boob say to the left boob	You're my breast friend
What's the difference between a viola and a trampoline	You take your shoes off before jumping on a trampoline.
What do you call nuts on the wall	: walnuts. What do you call nuts on a chest? : chestnuts . What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.
What do you call a lesbian with big fingers	Well hung.!
What is black and blue and doesn't like sex	The little boy in my van.
What's the difference between your wife and your job	After five years your job will still suck
What do you call a wheel with clothes	Attire. My brother told this to me and it gave me a chuckle.
What is it about tall creepy louisiana swamp dwellers that makes them naturally glow	Their bayou loomin' essence
What was the other reindeer's name	Olive. EDIT: Please don't explain and let those suffer who don't understand
What do we do when chemists die	We barium.
Whats the difference between Batman and a Blackman	Batman can go into a store without robin....
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other	Let's go get Jobs!
What's a closeted Isis fighter's favourite occasion during the year	ram a man
What are the Russians eating for thanksgiving	Beef with turkey
What do you get when Philip Glass breaks	John Cage.
What song did Taylor Swift write about Magic Johnson	Bad Blood.
What do you get when you cross Miley Cyrus with an alligator	A caiman like a wrecking ball.
What is the difference between the Pope and acne	Acme doesn't come on to your face until after 13.
What do you call the useless piece of skin on the dick	The man
What do ghosts get when they're aroused	Booners
What did the comedy coach tell his worst student after his practice	Are you making a Mochrie out of improv?
What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce	Chicken sees a salad.
What do you call a teenage boy who turns into a vampire before he gets bit	Premature Edraculation
What does a clock do when it gets hungry	It goes back four seconds.
What's the difference between a black person and a bicycle tire	The bicycle tire doesn't sing when you put chains on it.
What's the difference between America and a yogurt	If you leave a yogurt alone for 200 years, it WILL develop a culture ;-)
What do you call a stereotypical flan	A quiche
Q: What is Mr. T's nickname for Wednesday	A: Chump day.
What Did the Janitor Say When He Jumped Out of the Closet	Supplies!"" I'll see myself out
What will happen when Pokemon GO Is updated with Johto Pokemon	It will become Pokemon GOld
What's long, hard, and has cum in the middle of it	A cucumber.
What did the man say when he stopped piggybacking his fat friend	Man, it feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders!
What's worse than finding a worm in an apple	Finding half of a worm in an apple
What do you call a bear with no teeth	? A gummy bear!!!
What's the rudest type of Elf	The GofuckyoursElf.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft	A flat miner.
What do parsley and pubes have in common	You push them out of the way and keep eating.
What is the recipe for honeymoon salad	Lettuce alone, without dressing. I remembered this today from a joke book I had when I was a kid. Wasn't sure if it should be here or /r/dadjokes
What does a baby in a blender sound like	I don't know, I couldn't hear it over the sound of my masturbating.
What's the difference between the Titanic and Kim Kardashian	The number of people who rode the Titanic is known.
What's the difference between a cup and a mug	being cupped is far more pleasurable than being mugged
What do you call it when a mother has twin boys in Arizona	Tucson.
What does a prostitute and a book have in common	For five dollars you can get one with crabs in it.
What do you call nuts on the wall	- Walnuts. What do you call nuts on a chest? - Chestnuts What do you call nuts on your chin?  - You're sucking a dick!
What's the difference between a radical feminist and a suicide bomber	One's being triggered and one's pulling the trigger.
What happened to Ed's girlfriend	Sheeran
What do feminists do on Halloween	They go triggered treating
What language does a Jewish homo speak	Heblew.
What do you call a Sith lord who refuses to fight	A sithy.
What is Chalah before it's baked	Judo
What is it called when you get a bathroom hand job while listening to blues	W.C. Handy
What happens if a pyramid commits a crime	It is put in imPRISMment!
What did the saxophone teacher say to his student	You have learned well young brasshopper.
What's the strongest plant in the world	Eucaliftus
What is better than a cold Bud	A warm bush.
What's grey, has one leg, sits at the end of your bed and takes the piss out of you	A kidney dialysis machine.
What do you get when you shoot four bullets into a six pack	A Tupac...
What's the shortest joke you know/can come up with	Here's mine: Women are more holy than men.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich	I don't usually fuck a sandwich before I eat it.
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs	Consuelo.
What do you call a Mexican that lost his car	Carlos
What do you do when you see a bloody Mexican in your garbage can	Quit laughing, and reload.
What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles	UCLA
What do you get when the Pillsbury dough boys bend over	Dough-nuts (South Park reference again; just spreading it).
What's another word for a murderer who kills old ladies	A Killergran.
What do you call a shirt missing its sleeves	An ampu-tee.
What do jedhi's and rape have in common	... They both use the force
What happened when Apple added the new touchbar	They're taking away functions, and there's no escape.
What is the opposite of Turkish	Pig Latin
What do cannibals call a fajita made out of a vagina	A fajita.
What do you call 6.63*10^-34 mutinied pirates	Planck walkers
What's a duck's favorite drug	Quack
What's a Jewish girl's favorite wine	I want to go to Miami!
whats brown and... What's brown and sticky	A stick. What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
What do you call a group of unorganized cats	A CAT-ASTROPHE!
What do you call a mentally handicapped System of a Down cover band	Syndrome of a Down
What does an egg say at a party	omelette
What did the doctor say to the man who couldn't pee	Urine trouble!
What's the biggest advantage of being a smoker	Not having to set aside money for your old age.
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common	Their balls are just for decoration.
What is the opposite of a protein	An amateur teen (   )
What's a Warboy's from Mad Max's favourite web browser	Chrome
What kind of pants did the Japanese porn star wear to her job interview	Bu-khakis
What's the difference between white students and black students	Black students bring the gun to school. White kids use it at school.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves. Just kidding. He hasn't opened it yet.
What do you call a pirate who solves mysteries	A pirate aye!
What happens when you join two Koreans together	Linkin Park.
What's a pirates favorite type of fish	GAAAARRRRRRRR!!! Edit: I beat ya guys to it. Ha
What's the difference between today's most sophisticated encryption that can still be cracked and the still uncracked ciphers of the Zodiac Killer	Ted Cruz
What is a Coronal Mass Ejection	I might be wrong here, but I think it's when you throw up after drinking too much Mexican beer.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle, and a well dressed man on a bicycle	Attire
What do you call a nun in a car	Virgin Mobile
What get's passed around a lot, is soft, barely legal, tender, and really really dirty	A dollar bill.
What do you get when you stick your hand in a blender	a handshake
What do you call the red mushy stuff between the elephant's toes	Slow moving natives. Source: one of the all time great TV shows
What's the difference between a robber and a politician	Politicians run BEFORE they steal your money.
What is Poseidon's favourite shortcut	ctrl + C
What's the difference between your mother and a mosquito	The mosquito stops sucking when I slap it
What's the difference between a lawyer and a vaccuum	With a vaccuum, the dirtbag's on the inside!
What's a kidnapper's favorite kind of shoes	White Vans
What number is higher than infinity	420
What do you call two lesbians in a canoe	Fur traders
What branch of government actually listens to the people	[The NSA !](/spoiler)
What caveman say when he get hurt	meow.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer	The taste.
What do you call that useless piece of skin on the end of the vagina	A woman
What's the difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt	Usian Bolt can finish a race.
What's wrong with 5 Clinton supporters driving a Cadillac off of a cliff	The car holds 6. (It also works for Trump supporters- try it!)
What does a wolf lick a ram with	His tungsten
What does a cat go to sleep on	A caterpillow !
What do Japanese men do when they have erections	They vote.
What is the date in Germany/Brasil in about a month from now	Germany/Brasil 7-1
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair...
What'sApp Me: Mom, what's for dinner	Mom : typing ... *gets married* *have kids* *gets old* *dies* *goes to hell* Mom: Fish, honey!
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning	Pulls her pants up and goes home.
Q: What is the difference between medium and rare	A: 6 inches is medium 8 inches is rare.
What do you call it when Daniel Craig has kinky sex	Bondage!
What's The Difference Between Larry Hogan And An Iraqi Child	Larry Hogan gets back from the hospital.
What does Islamic extremists and skydivers have in common	they're both Paris shooters
What's the difference between a goat and a kid	My neighbour isn't unknowingly raising my goats.
What did the lower case ""o"" say to the capital ""O""	You whore.
What do you call a gay quadriplegic	A tomato. It's a vegetable that's a fruit!
What do you call a mix between an umingmak and a wealthy Canadian-American inventor	An Elon Muskox! please don't kill me
What does the Indian chef do in his spare time	It's naan of your business!!!
What did music tell the pancakes	B flat.
What does Helen Keller call her dog	Nothing. She's dead.
What do you call gay sex between the founder of Scientology and a Native American	The Indian in the Hubbard.
What do you call a dachshund with no hind legs and balls of steel	Sparky.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex	Oral sex can make your whole day, but anal sex makes your hole weak.
What should you do if you find yourself at a my chemical romance gig	Mope the fuck outta there.
What's just as uncomfortable cold, as it is warm	A public toilet seat.
What's the difference between us and the dinosaurs	We don't need an asteroid...
What's it called when you remember a good meme	A Memento
What do you get when you cross Folger's and Smuckers	...Smolger's. &lt;.&lt;
What does Al-Libi use for his defense during his trial	His alibi.
What does a push up bra and a dictatorship have in common	They both oppress those on the inside. They both lie to those on the outside. And they both raise monuments to the fallen.
What did Will Smith's toe say to his face	I am leg end.
What do you say to a virgin when she sneezes	Goesintight.
What's as big as an elephant but weighs nothing	An elephant's shadow !
What do you call a dark wizard that loves to give hickeys	a necromancer
What's a vegetarian policeman's favourite meal	Caesar Salad
What does Michigan State football and Marijuana have in common	They are both green and get smoked in bowls!
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler	Bolt can finish a race.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	The Holocaust.
What did the leper say to the prostitute	You can keep the tip
What happened to the tree after it caught fire	It became entally handicapped
What do Ethiopians and Yoko Ono have in common	They are both living off of dead beatles.
What's Big, White and If It falls out of a tree it will kill you	A Fridge
what is the leading cause of Pedophilia	Sexy kids
What doctors shop at Barnes and Noble	Doctors without Borders. Credit to Max Scoville.
What does Bill Cosby have in common with a Pokemon trainer	He makes sure his catch is weak before he throws his balls at them.
What's the difference between Elliot Rodger and an egg	[x-post from r/4Chan] An egg gets laid before it cracks. [Source:](http://i.imgur.com/L4kXpw8.jpg)
What's brown and steaming and lies behind the barracks	Gomer's pile.
What do waiters want most after dinner	The tip!
What do you call a shed full of colored folk	Antique farm equipment!
What do you call it when you get a blowjob from a woman with Zika	A little head
What is the objective of jewish football	To get the quarter back.
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference	I don't know and I don't care.
what's the worst thing about eating your veggies	Getting them out of the wheel chair......
What do you call a morality story with sharp teeth and green scales	An allegory.
What is the difference between a girl and a washer	The washer doesn't follow you around after you put a load in it.
What is the most said band name during the holidays	U2
What helps humans get laid but is deadly for fish	Pick up lines
What do you call poor pasta	Spaghetto.
What do you call a tavern that only serves baby foxes and adult felines	Kit Cat Bar
What did the psychiatrist say when a man wearing nothing but saran wrap walked in to the office	I can clearly see ""you're"" nuts....
What is it called when you walk away from your banana cream pie in the Sahara	Deserting your dessert in the desert. I feel some banana jokes about to be inserted in this thread tho
What do they call the pun masters of the streets	Punksters
What do you get if you cross Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip	Killed in a Parisian tunnel.
What do you call a Mexican girl who converts to Islam	Dora the Exploder
What did the wife cupcake say when her husband asked what's wrong	*Shrugs shoulders whilst turning head up and to the right* ""muffin'
What is the first thing a blind man says	My eyes! My eyes!
What happened when the man couldn't afford the mortgage on his haunted house	...it was repossessed!
What's the difference between the Polish and polish	No one bats an eye if you use chemicals to remove polish, but if you use chemicals to remove the Polish, most of the world will turn against you
What's Sideshow Bobs least favorite creepypasta	The Rake.
What is the cow's holiday greeting	Mooooory Christmas!
What do you call a pig that does karate	A pork chop.
What do you get if you rub an eggplant	A little aubergenie
What's the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it
What's 9 inches long, rock hard, full of semen, and the ladies scream at	my cock.
What do you call a blind deer	No Idea. (Hopefully you will get it, repeat twice if you have to) Edit: In case you don't get it, its No Eye Deer. [No Idea]
What do you call a wet bear	A drizzly bear.
What do you call the TMNTs doing stand up comedy	April's Fools!!!
What did the jalapeno dress up as for Halloween	A Ghost Pepper.
What did the Bacon say to the Tomato	What did Bacon say to Tomato? ""Lettuce get together
What do you get when a dragon sneezes	Out of the way. Thanks League smh
What did the skeleton order at the restaurant	Spare ribs.
What do you call it when you spill meth into your cake mix	Baking Bad
What's the most emotional computer you can buy	A Dell.
What do you call a gaming double entendre	A Ninutendo
What do you do when attacked by a group if clowns	Go for the juggler.
What the rapper's younger brother say when he got hit by his Molotov Cocktail	Looks like bro's mix tape finally dropped...
What do Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have in common	Their goldman sacks
What did the Psychiatrist say to the man who walked in wearing nothing but plastic wrap	I can clearly see ur nuts.
Whats with all this Anti-Semitic Jokes lately	Jew nose... - I am truely sorry for that one
What's the difference between Valve and uranium	Uranium gets to its half-life on time.
What's blue, white and red	A cancerous child who fall down the stairs.
What do you call a Mexican child	A paragraph, because he isn't yet an ese.
What do vampires make sandwiches out of	Self-raising dead.
What is that red stuff on your face	I said to my older cousin what was that red stuff on his face. ""Where?"" He said. I said , as I was forming a punch then punch is fucking face. ""Right there.
What do you call someone who speaks 2 languages	Bilingual What do you call someone who speaks 3 languages? Trilingual. What do you call someone who speaks only 1 language? American.
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends	A Sandy Hook survivor
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a brony	A vegetarian doesn't like meat in their mouth.
What's the difference between ELI5 and AskScience	About 3 replies in the top comment thread.
What do you call the spirits of honey bees	Boo-bees
What do you call the money a prostitute makes	Incum
What happened to Kim Jong	He was ill.
What do you get if you cross a skunk and a cartoon penguin	Pingu-Pong!
What's the difference between a joke and your friend's blog	You enjoy it when a joke is posted on Facebook
What did the redneck say to his girlfriend after they broke up	Its ok, we can still be cousins.
What's faster than a black man with your TV	His son with your DVD player! I mean no racism in this joke*
What hangs at a man's thigh, and wants to poke the hole it's often poked before	A key.
What chews on trees and sings	Justin Beaver
What kind of pants does Mario wear	denim denim denim
What do you call a deaf dog	It doesn't matter, it can't hear you anyway.
What did the thunder say when it understood the joke	I feel so enlightninged!
What is a depressed German with Celiac disease unlikely to have tomorrow	A Gluten Morgan
What do you call your whore mother	NASS
What did the blind paraplegic get for Christmas	cancer.
What do Asians do when they have erections	They vote
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of pygmys	One is a cunning bunch of runts...
What's the Shah's favorite band	Iran Maiden
What happens when someone mixes Francium, Oxygen, Tungsten, and Nitrogen after it explodes	The chemist may frown.
what was wrong with the air	the swine flu
What do you call a hairy gay man who suffers from mood swings	A bipolar bear
What do you call a yellow Oreo	An orienteo!
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise	Lmayo.
What does a code-switching trilingual Russian say when he wants to increase his bovine supply	Mas cow.
What did the forward rooster say	Cock a doodle do. What did the backward rooster say? Doodle doodle cock. WHAT did the gay rooster say? Any cock will do.
What are pigskins used for	Holding the pig together.
What do you call a black man walking down the street	A pedestrian.
What did the Indian boy say to his mother as he left for school	Mumbai!
Q: What do you call a 30 foot purple dinosaur named Fred who has acne and is scared of penguins	A: Fred.
What do you call someone who has irrational and prejudiced views against motor races	A feminist
What did the mexican fireman name his 2 children	Jose and Hose B
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year-old child	Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!
What do you call an Aztec Mayan snake god tied in a knot	Pretzalcoatl
What's the Addams Family's favorite cocktail	Mortinis
What do you call a terrible pun	A puntastropie.
What does Agatha Christie call a group of almost every type of bird	A Murder of Most Fowls!
What do bears and women from Arkansas have in common	They can't stop licking their paws.
What were the founding father's favorite cereals	Chex and Balance
What do a priest and a Christmas tree have in common	Both have balls that are just for decoration
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror	Halloumi
What do you call it when a dinosaur can't get it up	ereptile dysfunction
What are the two fastest things in the world	The second fastest is your asshole snapping shut. The first fastest is that little drop of water...
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew	Boy Scouts come back from camp.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a uni cycle	Attire
What's small, purple and dangerous	A grape with a gun
What do you call a group of environmentalists in jail	'Collared Greens'
What's another term for anal bleaching	Changing your ring tone.
What do you call a boring dog	A dull-mation!
What do you call a homeless college student	A philosophy major
What does eatin' pussy and the mafia have in common	One slip of the tongue and your in deep shit!
What's red, 6 inches long, and makes my girlfriend cry when I feed it to her	Her miscarriage
What do you call a country run by a bunch of stubborn old deer	A stagnation
What do you call your ex-girlfriend from Baltimore	Old Bae
What do you call someone who sews extremely fast	Taylor Swift...
What does the parrot thinks as he looks at the newspaper in the bottom of his cage	Same old shit
What did Adam say to Eve	Stand back I don't know how big this thing gets!
What does Charlie Sheen call his penis	The HIV shiv.
What do Mexican people call really upbeat TV shows	CCTV
What is the etymology of the word ""politics""	*Poli*, from the Greek *polloi*, meaning ""Many"". And *Ticks*, from English, meaning ""little bloodsucking creatures.
What do you call a paedophile pirate	Aaarrrrrrr Kelly!!
What do you call a bunch of happy Seahawks fans after the Super Bowl	Haitians
What do you call a baby Muslim	A hand grenade.
what do you call an unqualified baffoon with an incoherent agenda	2016 republican nominee Donald Trump
What's the diffrence between a black guy and a pizza	A pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call someone who discriminates against certain groups of rappers	A rapist.
What's the best thing about an Ethiopian	They'll always swallow
What happened when the monster stole a  bottle of perfume	He was convicted of fragrancy.
What is the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket	A pickpocket snatches watches
What do you call a comatose Pope	esteemed vegetable.
What happened when the cat swallowed a coin	There was money in the kitty.
What do you call siblings that play soccer	Umbros
What did Helen Keller do when she was drowning	She screamed and screamed until her hands turned blue.
What's better than getting silver at the special olympics	Not being retarded.
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb	You can unscrew a light bulb
What is a physicist's favourite food	Fission chips.
What is long, green, and has ""cum"" in it	A cucumber! Totally a cucumber...
What did the Baskin-Robbins manager say to the employee that wanted to date a co-worker	Don't poop where you scoop.
What's it called when you get a boner at a funeral	(NSFW) Mourning wood.
What do you get when you cross a bunny with a leek	A bunion.
What is it called when a spanish man has 10 testicles	Diez nuts!
What's a bodybuilder's favourite movie streaming service	Net*flex*
What's the difference between a dry, moldy cranberry and an angry blue bird	One's a crazy heron, the other's a hairy Craisin. ^^^^^Credit ^^^^^to ^^^^^my ^^^^^wife.
What do you call it when batman skips church	Christian bale.
Q: What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head	A: A Space Invader.
What do calculators do when they love each other	They multiply!
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over	Doughnuts!
What do you call the urinal section of the bathroom	The place where all the dicks hang out.
Whats the most insensitive spot on a man's penis	The man I really need a counter joke for that one
What's the difference between my GoPro and my girlfriend	I wouldn't spend hours looking for my girlfriend at a ski resort if I lost her on the mountain.
What is the difference between sex and fear	Zwei.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass	A mechanic
What kind of soldier doesn't need bullets	The kind that's always shooting his mouth off.
What does Johnny Depp yell when a tree falls in the forest	Timbuuuuuurrrrrrrrton~!
What do you call alcohol in a bird bath	Tequila mockingbird
What do you call a train that eats too much	A chew-chew train.
What part of a football ground is never the same	The changing rooms.
what did the priest say before he ate his salad	lettuce pray
What do you call a Mexican fighter pilot	Air Force Juan.
What's the difference between a big penis and a small penis	Nothing until the jobs done.
Q: What did the dumb blonde say when told that  ""Scheherezade"" was composed by Rimsky-Korsakov	A: ""Why'd his mom choose to call him Rimsky of all names ?!!?
What are some of the best comments on threads	[deleted]
What do you call a hooker who specializes in anal sex	A backhoe.
What do you call a fist fight at noon	A lunchbox
What did the clothes designer say to her son at his graduation	I'm Prada you son.
What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day	Cauliflowers!
What do you call a pansexual guy named Nick who works at a cd store	Pan nick at the disc co.
What is Hitler's least favorite letter	C, in fact he lead an entire group called the ""Not C's
What do you call it when someone eats too much wheat	Glutteny.
What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby	One is fun to smash, the other is delicious.
What do you get when you line up 12 girls from Kentucky	A full set of teeth.
What do you call 2 algebraists who marry	Prime mates
What did the scientist say at the bar	I'd like some H20 please.
What do Mountain folk do on Halloween	Pumpkin.
What's the difference between a hotdog and a dead baby	You don't ejaculate on a hotdog before you eat it.
What's the hardest number to say	... 70 because after 69 your mouth's full.
What does a Muslim pirate say	Allahu Ackbarrrrr!
What do you call a pod of musical whales	An *orca*stra!
What do you get if you cross a computer and a Rottweiller	A computer with a lot of bites !
What pizza topping to Koreans enjoy the most	Pupperoni
What do you mean you were really drunk	I already changed my Facebook relationship status for you.
What did Darth Vader do when his iTunes stopped responding	He force quit.
What is Carrie Fisher's favorite snack	Frito Leah's
What's the difference between a female lawyer and a pitbull terrier	Lipstick!
What's the difference between weed and pussy	If you can smell weed across the room, that means its good.
What's speed of sex	68 because at 69 she needs to turn around.
what do you call an alligator in a vest	An investigator
What kind of car does Jesus drive	A Christler.
What does a Mexican do when their cake is insulted	Retorta
What did the father buffalo say when his son went off to college	Bison.
What do you call Bob the builder after he retires	Bob
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation	Discrimination.
What's the difference between squash and zucchini	You can't zucchini bugs! A family-friendly take on the age old ""jam VS jelly"" joke.
What's the difference between Jesus and his portrait	His portrait only need one nail
What do you call a 3 legged cow named Summer in the winter	Summer...Her name's summer.
Q: What's that thing called when you're only attracted to married men and gay men	A: Oh. Single. It's called single.
Q: What do you call a dead magician's assistant	A: An abracadaver.
What did the fruit say to the vegetable, at dinner	Lettuce Pray
What sort of cereal does Thor eat	Loki Charms.
What do you call a number that can't keep still	A roamin' numeral
What is literally the most important fact you'll ever learn, that will totally blow your mind	That people exaggerate.
What's Boba Fett's least favorite chemical	Toluene
What do you call a soldier who survives mustard gas and pepper spray attacks	A seasoned veteran.
What do a Walrus and Tupperware have in common	They both like a tight seal
What's the difference between rock and jazz	Rock is playing three chords for a thousand people. Jazz is playing a thousand chords for three people.
What's a Mexican's dick when it's cold out	A little chili.
What does a ship say when it is cold	Shiver me timbers!
What happened at the funeral of the man who invented the USB	They lowered his coffin, took it out, flipped it the other way round, then lowered it again.
What's worse than finding Astroglide on your Mom's shopping list	Finding an empty bottle in the trash.
What did one mandarin say to the other mandarin	I don't know, I don't speak Mandarin.
What is the most unexpected part of a fast food meal	The element of some fries.
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a kitchen in France	Linoleum blown apart
What do you get when you cross a moose with a Mexican	A Mexican moose
What did the leper say to the hooker	You can keep the tip.
Whats the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana	Tiger Woods had a better driver.
What do you get when you have a great Dane, a Clydesdale, and a Prostitute	A huge dog and pony show
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question	-
What do you call a horse wearing Venetian blinds	A zebra!
What do they call the Hunger Games in Japan	Batteru Royaru with Chizu
What do you get if you dont finish your meal at a cannibalistic restaurant	A bodybag
What do cows read at the breakfast table	The moospaper!
What do you call gas from the human body that NASA could impliment into fuel for their technology in the future	Rocket Farts.
What did the customer say to the pet shop  assistant after buying a bunny	Rabbit up nicely it's a gift!
What do you call a Mexican mountain climber	Caribeaner
What do you call an alligator trying to start trouble	An instagator!
What's the capital of Wisconsin	W
What do you call an attractive zombie	Drop dead gore-geous!
What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison	You know he did it.
What did the magazine say to the comic book	Boy, do we have issues!
What's the difference between a podiatrist and a drummer	The podiatrist bucks up your feet.
What's a bear's preferred weapon of choice	A Grrrrrrrrrrrnade!
What does gasoline taste like	I don't know, I'm in a coma.
What do you get from a forgetful cow	Milk of amnesia!
What do you call a constipated Benedict Cumberbatch	No Shit Sherlock
What do Hitler and teenage girls have in common	They both use chemicals to remove the polish.
What did the ninja say to the waiter when asked what to drink	The ninja replies with ""Wata!
What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket	Oh shit, some arsehole has got my pen.
What did one snowman say to the other	Smells like carrots!
What do pirates have in common with photons	They both travel at c
What do you call an Italian mobster who specializes in cold coffee drinks	Al Frap-Pacino
What's the difference between a whore and a prostitute	Capitalism.
What is the difference between a man and a woman	Wo
what's black and white and altogether catchy	Ebony and ivory.
What do you call a perverted Magician	Q: What do you call a perverted Magician? A: David ""Cop a Feel"" ...ba dum cha!
What do you call colorful secret police	The RGB
What does Metallica's St. Anger and Star Wars VIII have in common	No solo.
What would Hitler be called if he entered into Japan unlawfully	An illegal Aryan.
What is a neckbeard's favorite language	M'lay.
What do black people and bikes have in common	Both get thrown out when they have no use
What's the difference between a bull and a Samsung Note 7	I'm not scared when the bull charges
What do Bruce Lee and my dick have in common	(NSFW) They both have the 1 inch punch.
What do you call a condom within a condom	Contraception.
What do right-handed people hate most	[NSFW] Having to switch hands at the computer.
What's worse than being uncomfortable at the hospital	Being made comfortable.
Q: What happens if you sing country music  backwards	A: You get your job and your wife back.
What's the difference between a large pizza and a bass guitarist	A large pizza can feed a family of four!
What do cows do in traffic	They moove
What's black and sits at the top of the stairs	Stephen Hawking in a house fire :)
what does an italian eat when he's mad at his boss	kielbasa (said with an italian accent)
What does Ivanka call her lower back tattoo	A Trump stamp.
Whats the difference between a priest and acne	Acne waits till you're 12 to come on your face
What do call the gas you get from eating cheese	Derriere
What famous band sleeps the least	Slipknot
Whats the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.
What do you call a woman with no clitoris	It doesn't matter, she's not going to come.
What do a pulse and an orgasm have in common	I don't care if she has one or not.
what part of the alphabet is the wettest	H to O
What do you call someone who takes things literally	A kleptomaniac!
What do you get when you cross Tesla and Thomas Edison	A Kick-ass band
What was the statistician's favorite herb	Bayes-il
What did Gandalf say to the guy with a shy bladder	You shall not piss.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow	Its pasture bedtime
What did the doe say as she came out of the forest	I'll never do that for 5 bucks again.
What kind of jokes does a mute clown tell	Dumb ones!
What do you call cartoon duck sausage	Huey Louie Andouille.
What do you call a dog with no legs	It doesn't matter what you call him he still won't come !
What do you get when you cross a sheep with a porcupine	a sweater
What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics	Having a pair of legs...... I know, I know, I'm going to hell
What do you call an American communist	Manifesto Destiny
What's the sound that a French tank does just before the enemy frontline attacks	Beep Beep Beep...
What does Rupert the Bear and Jack the Ripper have in common	Same middle name!
What was the slutty princess full of	Kingdom come
What's the difference between saying sorry and apologizing	You can say sorry at a funeral.
What do you get if your Kia is stolen in Finland	No Kia
What's long, black, and dangerous to cut	The line at KFC.
What do you call a dog with no legs and balls of steal	Sparkie.
What happens when you try to eat a fist full of rice	YOU GET KNOCKED OUT!!!
Whats the hardest part of cooking a potato	Signing the legal guardian paperwork
What's funny about majorities	Most things.
What is the epitome of sex with the elderly	Knitted condoms!
What is the size of women in Italy	Itali-cized.
What's the difference between sixty-nining and driving in the fog	When you're driving in the fog you can't see the asshole in front of you!
What's the easiest part about eating Jews for dinner	They're pre cooked
What is the world's most religious fish	The manta pray, at least until the morpray eel hears about this.
What's the difference between people from Dubai and people from Abu Dhabi	People from Dubai don't like the flintstones, but people from Abu Dhabi do
What's the difference between a magicians wand and a policeman's baton	A magicians wand is used for cunning stuns.
What type of sense of humor does a dust  storm have	-A very dry sense of humor
What's another name for a ""penis potato""	A dictator.
What does a Men's Rights activist call a broken hand	Celibacy. (Edit: LOL! Seems I've ""triggered"" some folks with broken hands and fedora collections.)
What do you call someone who isn't a redhead but colors there hair red later in life	A trans-ginger
What about the two old ladies who brought a bottle of whiskey to the baseball game	At the bottom of the fifth the bags were loaded.
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear	White Vans. I'll be here all week.
What did the chef say to his assistant when he got handed the wrong ingredients	This is neither the thyme nor the plaice.
What did the boy pee say to the girl pee	Urine angel.
What's the difference between driving in the fog and eating pussy	At least you can see the asshole in front of you when you're eating pussy.
What's the worst thing about a woman's panties	Your nuts hang out the side. A homeless guy told me this joke in exchange for pocket change
What did the mexican-american say when two houses landed on him	Get off me holmes!
What did the Ukrainian say to the whiny American	Crimea River.
What type of belly buttons do cars have	Audi's.
What did the tomato say to the ear of corn	Nothing, as tomatoes lack any ability to communicate.
What's a 6.9	Another great thing ruined by a period
What's 1+1	More than one!
What do you call a humpless camel covered in plastic	Llamanated
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who gets shit and pissed on all the time	John
What's the name of NASA's launch button	The ""Space Bar
What does a polite pirate say	Chivalry-Timbers!
What is a baby's dream job	Working at a winery.
what would have they called founder of apple if it was a failure	Steve Jobless
What did the hungry whale do	He bit the tail off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen.
What do you throw a drowning Mexican	His wife and kids.
Q: What do you call two blondes in a canoe	A: Fur traders.
What kind of buildings do terrorists have on their farms	Allahu akbarns (I'm going to hell)
What do you call a black man on the moon	... A problem. 2 black men on the moon? A bigger problem. All the black men on the moon? Problem solved!
What's the difference between a brown noser and a shit head	Depth perception.
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch	Names!
Whats the best thing about being addicted to speed	Only one more sleep until Christmas!
What did the Alabama Sheriff say about the black man that was stabbed seventy times	Worse case of suicide he's ever seen
What did the leper say to the prostitute	keep the tip
What did the wick say to the wax	I candel you.
Q: What sound does a grape make when an elephant steps on it	A: None. It just lets out a little wine.
Whats easier than stealing candy from a baby	... Stealing candy from a dead baby.
Q: What is the difference between a Wagnerian  soprano and a Wagnerian Tenor	A: About 10 pounds.
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up	Someday my prints will come.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on me
What do you call a psychic dwarf who has escaped from prison	Small medium at large.
What's Irish and sits out in the rain	Paddy o' Furniture
What did the Mod say to OP	[deleted]
What was used to grow crops on Mars in the movie Martian	Good Shit
What is a pirate's favorite material	Arrr-gyle.
What do you call a laptop that sings	A Dell
What do you call someone who failed rehab	Back on crack
What's the difference between a gun and amnesia	Oh shoot, I forgot...
What do monkeys sing at Christmas	Jungle Bells Jungle bells.. !
What happens if you put the Energizer Bunny's batteries in backwards	He keeps coming and coming and coming...
What do you call a flying Jew	Smoke
What is said at the conclusion of a lesbian marriage ceremony	You may fist the bride
What did the redneck girl say to her father	Get off of me dad, you're crushing my Pall Malls!
What kind of bees make milk	Boo bees
What will the Easter Bunny be doing after Easter	One to three for breaking and entering.
What did the group of young deer do with the broken jukebox	They fixed it because their the fawns
What do you call Hitler's bachelor party	The Reich-stag!
What insect lives on nothing	A moth because it eats holes
What goes oo ooo oooo	A cow with no lips.
What do you call a rude god	Assholy.
What do you call a large penis	A sperm whale.
What do you call a Mexican garden hose in Canada	Joseh
What kind of bees can you get milk from	Boobies!
What's the difference between Santa and a black man	Santa stops after the third Ho
What do you call an Asian boy with downs	Lo Mein. See you all in hell.
What does Pac Man do when he's not eating dots	I don't know, probably just wakaround for a little while.
What do you call a bean that's good at silent acting	A pintomime.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One is a crusty bus station while the other is a busty crustacean.
What do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common	They both love to crack open a cold one.
What do you call a fart in the middle of the night	What do you call a fart in the mourning? A midnight snack A hot Breakfast
What do a bass guitar solo and peeing your pants have in common	It's quiet and embarrassing.
What do you call 20,000 lawyers under the sea	A good start.
What do you get if you drop a piano on an army base	A flat major.
What do vegan zombies eat	GRAAAAAIIINNNNSS!!! :D
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo	One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter!
What did the cow say to the paintbrush	Moo. As told by my kid this morning.
What did Jack Frost say at his climax	Winter is coming
What does a musician train do when running from the law	Covers tracks
What do you call a black man on the moon	An Afronaut.
What did the valley girl say when her pen ran out of ink	I LITERALLY CAN'T EVEN WRITE NOW
what did the router say to the doctor	It hertz when IP.
What is the difference between a bowling ball and a Romanian woman's Pussy	If you had to, you could eat the bowling ball.
What do dolphins like to listen to	Podcasts.
What do you call an epileptic having a fit in a deck-chair	A Transformer! (Literally my favourite joke of all time.)
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common	They both circle Uranus and wipe out Klingons.
What do you call Jews with HIV	Financial AIDS.
What do Kim Kardashian and her dad have in common	They both got famous for getting a black man off.
What is a Barefooted Locksmith's favorite drink	Sake. (sock-key)
What happens when a neckbeard takes drugs	They start tipping balls.
What's black and yellow and doesn't float	A bulldozer.
What's the difference between a herpes and jacuzzi	i let women know that i have a jacuzzi
What do a ghost family and the Kardashians have in common	They both have Transparents.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes	They work on so many levels
What do you get if King Kong falls down a mine shaft	A flat miner.
What do you call a hundred black men buried up to their necks in dirt	Afroturf
What's the most annoying part about waking up to find a penis drawing on your face	Figuring out how to make it stop.
What are an idiot's last words	Hey, watch this.
What is Israel's favorite planet	Jewpiter
What do you call a gushing keyboard	sqwerty
What's the difference between a  general practitioner and a specialist	One treats what you have the other thinks you have what he treats.
What do you call a vagina born on May 14th	... ... a CliTaurus
What does an elderly Mexican have	Senority
What do you call a Russian tree	Dimitree
Q: What kind of snake is good at building things	A: A boa constructor.
What do niggers and twinkies have in common	You have to un-rap them before you can get to their delicious Kareem filling.
What do you call a scruffy lazy ant	Decadant.
What do you call an airline run by nazis	Aryan Air
What should you use to make a boat explode	A weapon of mast destruction.
What do you get if you combine a sheep and a kangaroo	A woolly jumper.
What do you call a Sailor's hitch in the arctic	Knot cool
what gets wet as it dries	your sister
What's the difference between 6 million dollars and 6 million Jews	I give a fuck if you shove 6 million dollars in the oven
What did the Vagina say to the Anus	I'll meet you at the Taint.
What do blacks and bicycles have in common	They both require chains to work. (no offense to black people intended)
What do you call a Rhinoceros mixed with a Rooster	A horny cock.
What do the NFL and Jail have in common	You go in as a Tight End and leave as a Wide Receiver.
What do you do when you're racist and all the immigrants exhaust you	You kip.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Finding a dead baby in your apple.
What does the kid with no legs get for Christmas	Cancer.
What do Fall Out Boy say after titty-fucking their girlfriends	THANKS FOR THE MAMMARIES!
What did the clock say to the other clock after she gave him a handjob	now give me a second hand job
What is the difference between a baker baking a cake and a gynecologist giving an exam	A few degrees.
What do you call a Mexican melon	A cantelopez! Came up with this on all by myself. I'm a new Dad, so I feel as if I've significantly leveled up my Dad Joke ability.
What U.S. state was founded by Muslims	Allah-bama
What do you call a dog with a lot of friends	Pawpular!
What do elephants in the zoo get for lunch	Half an hour, just like the rest of the animals.
What beverage does Bruce Lee like to drink	WAA-TAA!
What's the best way to get a fat chick to have sex with you	Whoops, wrong subreddit
What does an onion and a prostitute have in common	They give you really bad breath when you eat them.
Whats the difference between a joke and three dicks	Your mom cant take a joke.
What's long, green, and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's fingers...
What does Jimmy Buffett's chicken say	It's 5 o'cluck somewhere.
What's the difference between a penis and a sleeping bag	One you crawl in and the other crawls in you.
What does Ronda Rousey's opponents and myself have in common	We both barely last 14 seconds and leave our partners underwhelmed.
What do you call two black people bargaining on terms	A Negrotiation
What is a toad's favorite kind of beer	One with a lot of hops.
What's the difference between batman and a black man	Batman can go out in the night without robin.^Sorry!
What's the difference between a woman and a nun in a bath	One has a soul full of hope and the other has a hole full of soap.
What do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors	reptile disfunction
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers	Well-hung.
What are red heads good for	Lighting fires.
What is green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree might kill you	A pool table.
What's white and smells like black paint	White paint
What's the best part about living in Switzerland	Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a farting Russian	Vladimir Putin ~ You can thank my 65 year old grandfather for this
What is the difference between 2 dicks, and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a bike in NYC that has been standing out in the sun for hours	Tire-less
What do you call a psychic little person on the lam	A small medium at large
What did the metric alien say	Take me to your litre !
What is the difference between a parrot saying ""E equals M C squared"" and most people saying it	Nothing.
What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure	A waist of time.
What do you call a felon who enjoys getting zapped and has a go-to attitude	A con-do-it!
What's the difference between three Cocks and a joke	Your mom can't take a joke.
What happened when the chef found a daddy long legs in the salad	It became a daddy short legs !
What does a Mon Calamari terrorist say	Allahu Ackbar!
What's it called when Hobbits build houses for other Hobbits	Hobbitat for Humanity
What do you call a girl who stands in the middle of a bowling alley	Elaine
What's the difference between jam and jelly	[NSFW] You can't jelly your cock into a baby's ass
What's the definition of 'vagina'	The box the penis comes in!
What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator	An elevator can raise a family I'll just see myself out.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew	Harry made it out of the chamber.
What do you get when you cross Bambi with a  ghost	Bamboo.
What is Donald Trump's favourite Overwatch hero	Mei, because she's from China and likes to build walls.
What did the duck say after it split the atom	Quark ! Quark !
What's the difference between a homeless man's testicle and a shot of lidocaine in the ass	One is a bum nut and the other is a numb butt
What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze	A shoe.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob	We better get some support soon or people will think we're nuts
What's Brown and Rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre.
What spins really fast, then gets shot by zookeepers	Harambeyblades . . . . This might be the stupidest fucking joke I've written in months.
What did the parrot say when he was using the  Internet	P.Cs of eight P.Cs of eight.
What did Abraham Lincoln say after recovering from a 3-day drinking binge	*""I set* ***who*** *free?""*
What do you call a Mexican fighting a priest	Alien vs. Predator
What do you call a guy who's rolling around in the grass early in the morning	Dewy
What's the best way to cheer on an electrician	You con-du-it!!!
What do you call a man with one arm	Hand Solo
What is ""Paulie"" Pennino's favorite restaurant	Red Robin... Ya Bum
What do you give a sick bird	Tweetment.
What do you call a virus named Enza that causes the flu	a flu Enza. Thanks a lot everyone, I looked forward to this day for a long time.
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand	Cuatro cinco.
What's black and doesn't work	Decaffeinated coffee
What do you call an exercise group run by Jesus Christ	Crossfit.
What do frogs do when they are depressed	They Kermit suicide.
What do you get if you cross an eagle with a skunk	A bird that stinks to high heaven.
What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty	A blonde parade!
What was Hitler's favorite baking ingredient	White flour!
What do I do if my bank won't take my blood covered cash	Launder it. Source: http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/38kmj9/what_do_i_do_if_the_bank_wont_take_my/crwbpxe
What does a necrophiliac say to confess his love for someone	You're dead to me
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's favorite kind of jacket	A Pullover!
What do you call the sweat between two rednecks making love	Relative humidity.
What did one testicle say to the other	Hey I hear your neighbor's a real dick
What two things do prostitutes make	Hormones and hormones
What does the blind man say when he passes the fish market	Good morning, ladies!
What would I be if I were twice myself	a meme.
What was James Bond after he slept through an earthquake	Shaken, not stirred.
What color were Hitler's walls	Jewish Red
What do graphic designers smoke up to get high	Adobe.
What is red and hangs around trees	A baby hit by a snow blower
What do you call the gay couple who are both named Bob	Oral Roberts!
What happens if you plug your electric blanket into the toaster	You pop up all night.
What I hated the most in Facebook	. . . . . . . See more
What is white and interferes with the meal	An avalanche.
What do you call a black Eskimo dog	A dusky husky !
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest... ... and an e-cigarette-puffing GI Joe Action Figure collector	Well, one is a toy-loving vapist...
What do a midget and a dwarf have in common	Very little.
What do you call a Nun that has a sex change operation	A Transistor
What gets easier to pick up as it gets heavier	Women.
What's long, straight, and found between a pair of legs	The hypotenuse.
What's the difference between chocolate and a dead hooker	You can feed one to your dog
What do you call an alcohol free Japanese city	Nadasaki
What are the level differences between nannies	Answer: the A level nannies suggest leafy vegetables... But the B nannies force kale.
What's the definition of ""Trust""	Two cannibals giving each other head
Q: What do you call a fish with three eyes	A: Fiiish.
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a gynecologist	A genealogist looks up your family tree. A gynecologist looks up your family bush.
What's Anakin Skywalker's favorite animal	Well, it was cats, originally, but then he was turned to the dog side.
What do you call a black guy flying an airplane	A pilot... You fucking racist
What happened to the ghost who couldn't scare	He had to join a support group since he couldn't handle his boos.
What did the court jester call the balding crown prince	The Heir Apparent with no Hair Apparent.
What do you call an internet cafe in Russia	A cyberian cafe.
What did the dog do with the history professor	They got together and talked over old times.
What did the ocean say	Nothing, he just waved.
What do you call a fat North Korean	Supreme Leader.
What's the difference between England and a teabag	The teabag stays in the cup longer.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	A lickalotofpuss.
What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee chord	My ass.
What did Salt 'N' Pepa say to the nosey chemist	It's none of your Bismuth!"" Sorry.
What white actor is going to play Prince in his bio pic	Peter Dinklige
Q: What type of monster really loves dance music	A: The boogieman.
What do you call 500 old white guys chasing a black man with clubs	The PGA tour.
What do gynecologists and pizza delivery drivers have in common	They're close enough to smell it, but can't have a taste.
What do you call a bat in a hurry	A racing club
What's the difference between writing your will and owning an ant farm	One's a legacy, the other a sea of legs.
What separates man from animal	Divorce.
What's the most popular song at the new Freddie Mercury night club	Dancing Queen.
What did the tsundere degree say to the radian	Notice me 10
What's the best thing to say if a pizzaman does an AMA	OP delivers.
Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope	A: I'm stuck on you.
What was the last thing that went through Princess Diana's head	The steering wheel.
What do you call gonorrhea that takes a long time to show up	Slow clap.
What did Bruce Willis find in the freezer at the morgue	[OC] Icy dead people!
What is Iron Man's favorite month	FE-bruary Thanks :D
What is ISIS' favourite OS	Windows XPlosion
What did Helen Keller name her dog	akjnveoajknoea
what qualifies a woman in hollywood for disability benefits	A"" cup
What's a Southeastern Asian business professional's favorite food	Tie food
What is dog x dog	Puppy dog.
What do Wal mart and priests have in common	They both have boys pants half off. I'm going to hell lol
What's the definition of vagina	The box a penis comes in.
What do you call a grocery store for people with dementia	Question Mart.
What is the legendary chemical	HO-OH (Hydrogen Peroxide)
What's a pirates favorite letter	You'd think it's ""R"" but it's actually the ""C"".
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles	Yoko Ono
What does the earth eat for breakfast	Continental breakfast, served on tectonic plates.
What did the mobster call it when he couldn't move his dead friend's body	Rigatoni!
What do u call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe	Fur traders.
What is the last thing the host of an orgy says to his guests	Thank you for coming!
What did they call the sugar that went to space	Intergalactose
What do you get when you put resistance on a stove	Ohm on the range
What stops your hair from falling	The floor
What's the difference between the Friendzone and the Endzone	Unlike football, you'll never get to spike it in the Friendzone.
What's grey carries a bunch of flowers  and cheers you up when your ill	A get wellephant !
Whats an electrical engineers fave sex position	The super position
What did one asshole say to the other	I don't know, you haven't said anything yet
What do Whitney Houston and Jeremy Clarkson have in common	They were both on Top Gear.
What is the difference between chicken and blondes	The chicken knows on whose eggs sitting .
What happened to Donald Trump when he visited Switzerland	He Felt the Bern
What did Little Red Riding Hoods boyfriend say when he was asked about their sex life	It's all good in the Hood!
What happens when you mock the host of Diners, Drive-In's, and Dives	The guy gets fierious.
What was the hackers' rehabilitation meeting called	Anonymous Anonymous
What kind of tea does an anarchist drink	Cheap generic iced tea. Because proper tea is theft.
What did the 0 say to the 8	Nice belt.
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill	Walking. JK ROLLING
What does a panda say when it's out of food	Chute
What do you call a deer with big eyes	A big-eye deer!
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes	A: No eye deer (No idea) Q: What do you call a quadriplegic deer with no eyes? A: Still, no eye deer. (Still no idea)
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in fog	When you're eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you.
What is springy and springy	the Easter Bunny
What do cops and mushrooms have in common	You feed 'em shit and keep 'em in the dark.
What's the difference between a mosque and a school	I don't know, I just fly the drones.
What's the difference between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Charlie Sheen	Charlie Sheen's winning.
What does a gamer call the zombie apocalypse	The end of DayZ
What is French Super Mario's favorite board game	Le Ouija
What kind of magic does a love-struck giraffe practice	Neck-romance-y.
What sea mammal controls Nazi Germany	Adolf-in
What do you call a guy who is in color guard	A flaggot
What do Jesus and my high school girlfriend have in common	They both bled for me.
what's th difference between a gay man and a refrigerator	the refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit	aaaarrrrrrrr/jokes
What do you call a man with his hand up a horses ass	An Amish mechanic. A favorite from Robin Williams
What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection	A cracker with cheese.
What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in your bath	Throw your laundry in!
What do you call someone who lost an election by 2 million votes	Mr. President.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW	Porcupines have pricks on the outside!
What do you call Moby Dick when he washes up on a sandbar	A bleached whale!
What did the door say to the other door	I can see your Knob Simple yet effective
What's a four letter word describing a female that ends in -unt	Aunt
What do you call a black man flying an airplane	A pilot, you racist.
What can an elevator do that a black man can't	Raise a family.
What do you call a posh Gym	James
What kind of railway is an Italian engineer's favourite	Funicula
What do you call a frog that's parked illegally	Toad.
What do you call a insomniac dyslexic agnostic	A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog!
What's the difference between sand and period blood	I can't gargle with sand.
What's the name of Jackie Chan's catholic brother	Chris Chan
What do you get when you mix an insomniac, a dyslexic, and an agnostic	Someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
What do you call a pit full of donkeys	An asshole.
What' the difference between Adolf Hitler and Lance Armstrong	Lance Armstrong can finish a race!
What's worse than the Holocaust	The Holocaust! wait shit
What does a hairstylist call their resume	A tresume.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean.
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex	A microwave doesn't brown your meat.
What is better than a rose on a guitarist	Tulips on my pianist.
What do you call... A cow with one leg	Lean beef What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef What do you call a cow with two legs? Your mom
What's The Donald's favourite keyboard shortcut	Command Alt Right.
What's an Atheist's favorite joke book	The bible. Please don't kill me for this.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza	Pizza's don't scream when you put them in the oven.
What is Jesus's least favorite gun	A nail gun.
What is better than a rose on a piano	Tulips on the organ. (I'll show myself out...)
What happens when an American has a heart attack and survives	A 'murical.
What did Oliver Twist say at the slave auction	Please sir, I want some moors.
What aftershave do monsters wear	Brute.
What is my dentist's favorite indie band	Fluoride and the Machine
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch	A slut will have sex with anyone, a bitch will have sex with anyone but you.
What do transsexuals run on	Gender fluid.
What's a Shamans favorite beverage	PeyoTEA.
What did the dentist see at the North Pole	...A molar bear
What does an alcoholic ghost drink	Spirits.
What do you get if you cross a woman with a whale	Your research funding suspended and a severe reprimand from the ethics committee.
What martial art did Hitler have a black belt in	Gazillion Jew-Jitsu
What do you call an attractive primate corpse in Saudi Arabia	Haram bae
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile	Fitting in
What did the gangster's son tells his dad when he failed his examination	Dad, they questioned me for 3 hours, but I told them nothing!!!
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Adolf Hitler	Michael Phelps can finish a race.
Whats a vegetables favorite Bee Gee song	Chive Talkin'
What is a ninjas favorite drink	Wataa and fruit punch! I'll see myself out.
What's got four legs, is green and fuzzy, and if it falls out of tree it could kill you	A pool table.
What do you call the top wealthiest people in Mexico	The Juan percent.
What's got 8 feet and 10 shoes	The McCann Family.
What are Mario's overalls made of	denimdenimdenim
What do you call an Indian man with motivation	Deturbaned
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common	Both of their biggest hits were the wall.
What does IKEA furniture do when it's stolen	Activates its shelf destruct sequence. I'll see myself out...
What do you call a horny group of lawyers	Firm
What did the black hole say to the pulsar	I don't think you understand the gravity of your situation
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breasts	One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
What did one French Guy say to another French Guy	Bonjour, je m'apelle Guy aussi!"" (""Hello, I am called Guy as well!"")
What do you call an Irishman that stays out all night	Patty O'Furniture
What do a woman and a toilet seat have in common	Without a hole in the middle they wouldn't be good for shit. (Wife told me this one)
What do you call an ""Asian"" that loves using moisturizer	Laotian.
What's the difference... What's the difference between Pussy and Cunt	Pussy is warm, furry and wonderful ! Cunt is, unfortunately, in charge of pussy...
What did the weeaboo Southerner name his daughter	Anna May
What was Hitlers favorite month	JEW LIE
What's the best part of domestic violence jokes	The punchline
What's the best lake to go motorboating	Lake Titicaca
What does a fastidious female call a condom	Goo-be-gone
What part of America can't sell full sized soft drinks	Minnesota
What do you call a black guy flying a plane	A pilot you racist fuck.
What did Tanto call the lone ranger after he started treatment for cancer	Chemosabi
What is the worlds wettest animal	The reindeer
What do you call a loony spaceman	An astronut !
What is a Pirate's FAVORITE letter	You'd think it'd be rrrrrrr, but it's the C!!
whats the difference between a jew and a pizza	A pizza gets out of the oven.
What's the most googled word in Mozilla Firefox	Chrome.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea	One shucks between fits.
What did Hitler's Personal Trainer keep reminding him to do	EXHEIL
What did the Pie say when he failed a math test	How did I get these simple questions wrong! I am so irrational!
What did the elephant say to the naked man	How do you eat with that...
What would romantic living dead movie be called	Zombaes
What kind of pants does mario wear	DENIM DENIM DENIM
What do you call the indian prime minister's method of operation	Modi's operandi.
What do you call a twelve faced shape made out of genitals	A dodickahedron.
[NSFW] What is the difference between jam and jelly	I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What do you call someone without any shins	Toeknee.
What do you call a cheap circumcision	a rip-off :)
What's the best part of finger banging a gypsy on her period	You get your palm red for free.
What do you call an unambiguous body of water	The Specific Ocean
what did the lactose intolerant man say after eating an ice cream cone	please excuse my dairy air
What do you say when you see two cleaning ladies making out in public	Get a broom.
What's the fastest liquid on earth	Milk. It's pasteurized before you can even see it.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination	HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEE!
Whats in the middle of girl's leg	And the answer is, 'Knee'
What did Adam say on the day before Christmas	It's Christmas Eve !
What's the best part about sleeping with a Cubs fan	They're used to disappointment.
What did one earthquake say to the other	I don't know what your blaming me for, it's your fault!
What did the monkey say when he was on a winning streak	I've banana roll lately.
What do you call it when you have to listen to rock music obsessively	OC/DC
What do you call a man who owns a club for porn addicts	Master Bates
What did the egg say to the boiling water	It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just came out of this chick.
What did the baby seal order for lunch	The club sandwich.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lima bean	I've never paid to have a lima bean on my chest.
What do you call a white man surrounded by black men	Coach
What do you call an obese woman with a rape whistle	Optimistic.
What did the penis say to the condom	Cover me, I'm going in..
What kind of dog should you get a spanish speaker	A spaniel.
What's worse than ten babies in one trash can	One baby in ten trash cans.
What's black &amp; blue and hates sex	A nun wearing a Cubs hat.
What do you call a crazy person wearing pantaloons	A pantalunatic.
What's the same about an election and an erection	They're only one letter different, and both are about a dick rising to power.
What do you call a snail in the Navy	A Snailor
What's heavier: a ton of gold or a ton of feathers	The feathers. The gold's weight is measured using the Troy measurement system in which an ounce is 12 ""regular"" ounces. The more you know...
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean	I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
What do you call a cow masterbating	Beef strokinoff
What secret society do strippers work for	The Illuminaughty.
What does a man with two left feet wear to the beach	Flip-Flips.
What does an Italian have when one arm is shorter than the other	A speech impediment.
Whats the difference between a lentil and a chickpea	I've never paid good money to have a lentil on my chest
What do you call a sleepwalking nun	A roamin' Catholic.
What do you call it when somebody kills a perfect circle of religious leaders	A 360 No-Pope
What do you call an Asian man with one leg	Tie Won Shoo
What do you call a group of racist mathematicians	The K^3
What's an SJW's favorite JRPG	Chrono Triggered.
What do you call a hobbit that looks good in pictures	Frodo-genic
What do you call half a ginger	George.
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common	Both lookin for a tight seal.
What's the difference between a horny man and a vampire	Vampires don't come inside without permission
What do snakes take for their sniffles	Antihissssstamines!
What do you call an emo band without any Jewish members	Fall Out Goy
What do you call someone who reads in the sun	Well Red.
Q: What does a screen door and a blonde have in common	A: The more you bang it the looser it gets.
What's the name of Tyler The Creator's dad	The Tyler Creator
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do	Stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What's the most influental animal rights philosopher	Karl Barx
What did the Jamaican priest call the guy who was arrested for sealing several tonnes of spices	A cinna-mon
What does Little Finger call the entrance to his brothel	Hodor.
What do you get a first dad for father's day	Condoms. Courtesy of my witty ole' uncle mike
What do you call a pedophile with a thesaurus	An ephebophile
What's the hardest part of telling your parents that you're gay	getting up their front stairs in your rollerblades
What's a black mailman called	A blackmailer. I'll show myself out :(.
What is a vajazzle made of	Pubic Zirconia.
What does Cam Newton and Fig Newton have in common	They both crumble under pressure
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	Gagged. Credit to my house-mate for this gem!
What do you get when you cross the Queen of England and Prince Charles	Killed in a tunnel.
What do you call an intelligent prostitute	A fucking genius!
What do you call an obese terrorist who plays for the Yankees	Derek Bin Jeter
What does Hitler hate about leg day	Mein Krampf
What did the two iPhones say to the two iPads	Want to get kinky and have a 4G?
What did the atheist say when he found himself at the Pearly Gates the day he died	Well I'll be damned!
What do you call jeans that haven't been worn before	Vir-jeans
What did Thor have to wear when he broke his tailbone	An Asgard.
What's long and hard and fucks old people	Osteoporosis
[religion]What's the difference between Jezus and a picture of Jezus	You only need one nail to hang the picture
What's the difference between the Oscars and the BET Awards	Oscar winners can thank BOTH of their parents.
What do you get if you cross a highway with a fridge	Killed.
What religious group does reddit belong in	Cat holics
What do you call someone with a spice garden on Gallifrey	A Thyme Lord.
What's three feet tall and can't turn around in a hallway	A toddler with a harpoon in it's throat.
What is white, moody, easy to beat and makes me do stupid stuff	My penis.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wiped his butt.
whats the name of the app	Q: Name the app for which all the USERS must be LOSERS? A: TINDER
What does an elephant say when it kidnaps someone	Get in the trunk
What's the difference between politics and professional wrestling	.. In professional wrestling they know what they are doing.
What do you find between Godzilla's toes	Slow runners.
What do you call two Jews walking into a bar	It's called a business proposition. What do you call two black guys walking in to a bar? It's called a robbery
What did the guy say when he found out that his wife's breast s had implants	THOSE ARE SILLY CONES
Q: What is hail	A: Hard-boiled rain.
What's the real definition of trust	Two gay cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
What time did Sean Connery arrive at the Wimbledon	Tennish
What did Cinderella say when she got down to the ball	Mmmrrggglllrrsllurp
What goes great with Alphabet Soup	Times New Ramen
What does an Italian cow say when he gets an extra delivery of hay to the barn	That's amorehay!
What do you call a Jihad male cow	Abominable
What did the divers find the sunken Korean ferry had hit	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
What did the fast food employee do when he decided to quit	He chicken tendered his resignation.
What do you call a Black Guy surrounded by 5 White Guys	Toby
What's a rabbits' favorite musical	Hare.
What did the farming professor say to his new students	Welcome to my field.
what did one lesbian vampire say to the other	same time next month? (hopefully not a repost)
What's the difference between a fridge and a gay man	A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's the hardest part breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend	You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
What do you say to a woman with a black eye	Nothing. She's already been told.
What kind of education does a horny mathematician impart	Sets education.
What did the man say when he realized the boy who asked him out was an orphan	No home oh
what a compliment by husband../ Wife: ""I look fat. Can you give me a compliment	Husband: ""You have perfect eyesight.
What does a strawberry and a blueberry have in common	They both can't ride a bicycle!
what's grey and comes in quarts	an elephant
Q: What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches	A: A nervous wreck.
What do Swedish criminals say when the cops are coming	Pork! Pork! Pork!
What's red and silly	A blood clot.
What do you get when you mix Viagra with Disney World	Kicked out.
What was Eve charged with after murdering Adam in the Garden	Being a first-person shooter
What are three words you dread the most while  making love	Honey I'm home.
What is Paula Deen's favorite insect	The Butterfly
What's Mario's favorite fruit	Peach.
What are the chances of familiarising myself with a semiaquatic amphibian to the point of ownership	My newt.
What do you call the illegitimate son of a man with a big face	A cheeky bastard.
What's Irish and never comes inside	Patty O'Furniture.
What do you call someone who would do *anything* for a chocolate snack cake	A ho ho ho. (merry xmas!)
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur	Alickalotapuss
what does Geico and your girlfriend have in common	Shes so easy a cave man could do her.
Whats the difference between a hormone and an enzyme	?? You can't hear an enzyme, but you can hear a hormone.
Q: What is the best recording of the Walton  viola concerto	A: Music Minus One.
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon	Around Ten-ish.
What do you call it when a pimp catches a roomful of hookers snorting coke	A punchline.
What did the Chinese man say when ophthalmologist told him he had a cataract	*No, I have a Rincoln Continental!*
What did the Scientologist play on his Wii	Xenublade
What's the difference between pink and purple	Grip strength.
What are a redneck's last words	Hey, guys, look what I can do!
What's the Craziest Place You Ever Made Whoopee	That'd have to be in the Butt, Bob.
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend	Wipes his ass.
What do you call a midget psychic that's on the run from the law	A small medium at large.
What cooks better than women	Jews.
What do you call a greedy marsupial	A kangajew
What do you call a white man flying a plane	Clive, usually.
What did the farting pharaoh say to the farting slave	We only have a Toot in common.
What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast	A synonym roll.
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's father have in common	They pulled out too late.
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts	Beer nuts are about a buck and deer nuts are under a buck.
What'd Gandhi say when his friend told him to leave the protest	Na 'ma ste
What do you call chocolate eggnog	Nignog. Eh? I laughed.
What do you call a 7' 2"" fortune teller in his underpants	A large medium in smalls.
What's the funniest thing the rock said to the geologist	Nothing. Because rocks don't talk and geology's not funny.
What did the bookshelf say when it looked in the mirror	I can see my shelf
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball	**Juan on Juan.**
What did the roach say after a series of disappointing hotel stays	This is my last resort.
What do you call a horse that plays the violin	Fiddler on the hoof!
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Gary Glitter	10 ""number 1's"" and a not guilty verdict
What do you call a slutty mermaid	An H2hoe
What is Santa's favorite music	Wrap! (I came up with this when i was 8....)
What's the difference between a BJ and reddit gold	Your mom never gave me reddit gold.
What times does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon	Tennish
What did the Elk say after leaving a gay bar	I cannot believe I just blew 50 bucks back there!
What do you call a friendly retard	A sweet potato
What do you call a spinning, bisexual dinosaur that loves Juno &amp; Superbad	Biceratops
What do you call a Mexican church	A Taco bell.
What do you call it when guys find older women unusually attractive	The Stunning-Cougar Effect.
What does the tree says in autumn	Leaf me alone.
Q: What's green and walks through walls	A: Casper the Friendly Pickle.
What do you tell a girl with two black eyes	Nothing, you already told her twice.
Q: What do Fidel Castro and Harambe have in common	A: They're both dead gorillas.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back to you	A stick
What did the cat say when it was wrongfully accused of a crime and sent behind bars	Let Meowt!!!!
What do you call a nun lost in the woods	A Roamin Catholic.
What is the bibliophile's favorite website	Reddit! Courtesy of my 32 year old boyfriend. He cracks himself up.
What do you do when your leaders invade two countries and depose two leaders, inspiring the rise of ISIS	Call Trump Hitler.
What do you get for the man who has everything	Penicillin
What do a cab driver and a cue ball have in common	The harder you hit them ...the more english you get out.
What did Jay Z say to Beyonce after having an ice cream shoved up his arse	I'm feeling a bit sorbet.
What did Kim Jon Un say when his father died	Looks like his Korea is over
What type of tree hates company	Sycamore trees!
What was Boaz like before he got married	Ruthless.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters	Orange is the new Black.
What did the quiet orange say to the noisy orange	Be quiet, I'm concentrating!
What did the Zero say to the Eight	Nice belt.
What's a sick persons favourite rhythm game	Catarrh Hero
What book does a gay horse read	50 Shades of HaaAAaaayyy.
What do you call it when a white person robs you	Capitalism.
What's the worst kind of T-Shirt	A Casual Tee.
What do you call a chicken that has passed on	A poultrygheist.
What do you call a group of sorority girls	A whorde.
What do you call a black man flying a plane	a pilot
What do you call a white guy in an abusive relationship	Whipped cream.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	can't jam peanut butter in your ass
What do fish talk about at work	Current events
What's better than roses on my piano	tulips on my organ.
What did the math text book say to the Shakespeare text book	Look, buddy, I've already got a lot of problems, and I really don't need any of your drama.
What do you call a nun on a bicycle	Virgin Mobile
What would BuckWheat from Little Rascals be called if he were a Muslim	Kareem of Wheat.
What happens when a hen eats gunpowder	She lays hand gren-eggs !
What do you call Einstein masturbating	A stroke of genius.
What city will Leo Dicaprio never visit	Osaka.
What dog would you want on your American football  team	A golden receiver!
What did the spaceman say at the restaurant	This steak is too fatty! I wish it was a little meatier.
What Do You Call an Overpriced Circumcision	A rip off.
What's the biggest Jewish conundrum	Free Bacon!
What has walls, but no corners, and an opening, but is not a room	A vagina. Lol, top kek.
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest	Acne waits until its 12 before it comes on your face
What's the difference between your mom and a bowling ball	Your mom can't fit in a bowling ball.
What goes in God's Toilet	Holy crap.
What do you call it when you lobotomize a bunch of terrorists	Simplifiying Radicals. (MATH joke)
What's the difference between a religion and a cult	A religion drinks wine and a cult drinks Kool-Aid.
What do race car drivers wear under their fire retardant suits	Speedos !
What is hairy and between your grandma's nipples	Her vagina
What goes Blonde Brunette Blonde Brunette	A blonde doing cartwheels.
What do you call a group of guys grocery shopping	Brocery shopping
What do a priest and an Olympic silver medalist have in common	The both came in a little behind.
What do you call a 2 legged dog who always ignore your calls	Your ex!
What was the black lab's favorite planet	Earf! Earf!
What do you call a utility knife that doesn't work	A futility knife.
What does a cow measure its harddrive in	Moogabytes
What is the one food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%	Wedding cake.
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball	gagged
What streaming site do eldritch horrors use	Cth-Hulu
What type of government would a nation ran by Alvin and the Chipmunks be called	A theocracy.
What do you call sex on a beach	Intercoarse
What's the difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt	Bolt can finish a race.
What do you call a vessel full of academics	A scholarship
What do comic book collectors use in their hair	Mint conditioner.
What concert costs 45 cents	A concert that costs 45 cents.
What does a Lamb say after the Chinese New Year celebration	Baaaah bye!
What do you call it when a bunch of Olympic swimmers have the shits for days	Dia-Rio.
What did the astronaut say to his girlfriend	I need space.
What are the names of the first two men to get married under the new Irish gay marriage law	Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick
What's worse than being stuck in traffic behind a driver that's vaping	Realizing that your being intently watched for your reaction to their sic clouds - BEST RECOGNIZE!
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom	A pickpocket snatches watches.
What do mathematics and environmental beat mixers have in common	Al Gore rythyms
Q: What's green, and sings	A: Elvis Parsley
What do you call Nightwing in a coffin	Dick in a box.
What did the physicist say when he tried to meditate	Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm...
What's the name of a Jewish Pokemon trainer	Ash.
Whats the first thing you do when you spill something on your keyboard	Try to disable sticky keys.
What do you call two crows flying together	An attempted murder.
What did the hammer say to the drill	You're too boring.
What disease do basement dweller mosquitos give you	M'laria
What's a feminist's favourite coffee	An oppresso.
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The wheelchair.
What's the most important part of a joke, the setup or the punchline	To get to the other side.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of leafs	Russel
What kind of shoes does Jack Lew wear	Cashews.
What's it called when an Asian man gives his best friend head	A bro job.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam	You can't peanut butter a dick up your arse.
What's dry but slippery	A slipper
What did the Grapefruit basketball coach say to the worst player on the team	You're going to have to ci-tris one out.
What did Donald Trump say to the guy who immolated himself in front of Trump tower	You're fired!
What's the difference between America and a tub of yogurt	After 200 years the yogurt would have developed some kind of culture.
What's an Irish seven-course meal	A six-pack and a potato
What did the gardener say to the man in the grass shoes	WATER THOOOOSE
What do you call a 100 year old frog	An old croak !
What if weight loss supplements ads are just made by British people really transparently trying to scam you	You'll lost 30 for only $42.82! Guaranteed.
What happened when a ship carrying red paint collided with a shipcarrying blue paint	Both crews were marooned.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros	Hell-if-I-know
What do the leaders of ISIS drink after a victory	Bombay.
What is Forrest Gump's email password	1forrest1
What do you get when you cross human DNA and goat DNA	Kicked out of the petting zoo.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwomam	Snowballs
What do you call a deer that likes rain	A rain-deer. I know it's terrible.
What do you call a dog with no legs	Doesn't really matter, he's not coming when you call him.
What do good dragons read when they are pregnant	How to Train Your Dragon. Good parenting, that is.
What is Guns N' Roses' favorite type of sandwich	Pananananana ni ni (to the tune of Welcome to the Jungle) And that's a thatinternetexporer original
What's the difference between a feminist and a hockey player	A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
What's an amphibian's favorite musician	John Frogerty
What does Bob Marley wear to sleep	pa-jammins
What do you call a native american women that has 2 periods a month	a 2 cycle engine
What do you call a midget king	Your shortness.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather	drizzle.
what do you call a black horse	a neigh-gro
What does a tuna, a glue stick, and a piano have not have in common	You can tune a piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
What is the difference between a Lira and a Dollar	A Dollar
What do you call a kid who's dad is Jamaican and mom is Chinese	Rastafriedrice
What do you say to the teenage mutant ninja turtle Raphael when he is holding a miniature version of his weapons	Those are the wrong Sais
What' is a pirate's least favourite letter	Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
What is the difference between a Muslim and Dutch	As a Muslim you get stoned for being gay, but both are legal for a Dutch.
What's a pirate's favorite letter	Aye, ye think it be ""R"", but it be the ""C!
What language do they speak in Cuba	Cubic !
What do you call a show about puns	A play on words.
What's brown and screams	Stevie Wonder answering the iron
What do you call a statue of Jesus made out of cigarettes	Holy smokes.
What's a mobster porn actress called	Sunny Corleone!
What do you call a Russian Lizard	Commie commie commie commie chameleon.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a piece of fruit	Oranges have thick skin
What's 20 feet long and smells like piss	It's a line dance at the old folks home...
What do you call a Gay Jew	A Heblew
What's white, but has a black asshole	The Whitehouse.
Q: What do you call it when you lease false teeth	A: A dental rental.
What do you call a kid that is afraid of the dark	Racist
what do you get	What do you get if you mix up an agnostic, a dyslexic and an insomniac? A guy who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
Whats The Difference Between A Pick-Pocketer And A Peeping Tom	One snatches watches, and the other watches snatches!
What was the lonely chemist looking for	AgF
What's black and sits at the top of a staircase	Steven Hawking after a house fire.
What do you say after you read a book	reddit!
What does a dominatrix say when she's late	Sorry I tied you up
What did you call a dinosaur that keeps you awake at night	Bronto-snore-us !
What's worse than a worm in your apple	The Holocaust...
What is the difference between dragons and dinosaurs	Dinosaurs aren't old enough to smoke. Told to me by my niece at christmas.
What is the best way to circumcize a redneck	Kick his sister in the jaw.
What's the hardest part about watching a video of somebody being beheaded	My dick.
What's a camel	A horse made by committee.
What do you call Central Florida	The DMZ. Disney Militarized Zone.
What do you call a squashed Italian	A Nepalitano. Oh yeah - wait a sec - OK - for the low-info crowd here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napolitano
What do you call it if you were to second guess your decision to book time at a native american community	That's a reservation reservation reservation. (Credit to Brian Regan)
What's Dale Earnhardt's favorite Pink Floyd album	Dark side of the moon. You sick bastard.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants	One's a crusty bus station , and the other's a busty crustacean!
What did the cow say to the other cow	HOLY SH*T A TALKING COW!
What kind of cows do you find in Alaska	Eski-moos!
What does Bill Cosby put in his garden	Rapeseeds.
What's the incest equivalent of a gang bang	A fam bam.
What did Jamal get for Christmas	Your Bike
What's the difference between prostitutes and onions	I cry when I cut onions
What do you call a black abortion clinic	Crime stoppers
What do politicians and diapers have in common	Both need to be changed for the same reason.
What's the capital of Greece	About 10.
What do you call a snake's mother	A boa constructor.
What does a Polish guy do on the ice	He breaks in.
What do a thong and Bernie Sander's crazyman hairstyle have in common	They both barely cover a cunt.
What's the difference between apathy and ignorance	I don't know and I don't care.
What do you call a thick-skinned aardvark	A hardvark!
What do you call somebody with no body and just a nose	Nobody knows!
What's the difference between a Walnut and a Chickpea	I've never had a Walnut on my chest..
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home	What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? WHERE ON EARTH HAVE YOU BEEN? Saddest joke ever.
What did Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffett have in common	They both had Kurds in their way!
What do you call a dinosaur FBI agent	A pteredacted.
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus	You only need one nail for the picture.
What did the buffalo say when dropping off his son at college	Bison.
What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute	I don't cum when the onion cries and begs for mercy as I cut it up.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question	*Walks away*
Q: What is the difference between a violist and a terrorist	A: Terrorists have sympathizers.
What do you call a blasian	A criminal mastermind
What was Albert Einsteins DJ name	MC Squared
What do you call the reasoning behind mexican murderers	Locomotives
What would Inception: The Porno be called	Contraception.
What has 2 legs but doesn't use them	A man named Bob running down a train track (only Asians will understand)
whats the difference between my driveway and 14 year old daughter	... I pull out of my driveway
What's the saddest sea-creature	abalonely
What do you tell a gardener with a psych major	I fucking hate my mom.
What is the first thing men newborns do before first breath	Give head to their mom
What do you call a Spanish man who has just got out of hospital	Manuel...
What do clouds want to be when they grow up	-Thunderstorms
What's the maximum velocity while having sex	68, cause at 69 you flip over
What do u call a bad jokester	Matteo
What do you get when you ask a proctologist for a second opinion	Two fingers.
What did the broken bridge say	I have truss issues.
What kind of blood did the mna have who culdn't spel right	Typo.
What did the lesbian vampire say to her girlfriend	See you next month!
What famous person is a huge fan of trees	Tim ber""ton
What do you do when ISIS attacks	Make a mad Daesh to a shelter
What do you call the statistics for the total amount of waste produced by the US this year	Gross
What's a cats favorite firearm	A meowser
What do you call a dog magician	A labracadabrador! I am not sorry.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas	Gloves. Nah, I'm just kidding. He hasn't opened it yet.
What's the difference between mad cow disease and PMS	Nothing.
What do you call a Mexican Disney Princess	A Taco Belle.
What do you call a goblin with an injured leg	A hobblin' goblin
What goes great with noodles	COMPANY!
What's the hardest part about skydiving	The ground.
What do you get if you cross King Kong with a  snowman	Frostbite.
What does Trump's hair and a thong have in common	They both barely cover the asshole.
What did the gold miner say when he met the singer of Pink Floyd	Au
What has 100 teeth and keeps Godzilla at bay	My zipper
Whats the best fat guy pickup line	If you think I'm fat, you should see my chubby!
What's the difference between the Earth and my sock	The Earth's crust is on the outside.
What do you call five Mexicans on the bottom of a pool	Sinko :D
What do you call a lion with a fancy hat	A dandy lion.
what do you call a bear without an ear	**B**
What's the difference between a telemarketer and a man with a multiphobic personality	One gets lots of annoyed hangups, the other has a lot of annoying hangups.
What do you call a blind deer	No eyed deer. What do you call a dead, blind deer? Still no eyed deer.
What do you call two detectives tracking down a ghost	Pair-a-normal investigators.
What do history teachers make when they want  to get together	Dates !
What did Harry Potter say when his waiter gave him the wrong drink	Sir, when I buy patron I EXPECTO PATRONUM!"" (Hauls ass towards the exit)
What did the baby order at the chinese restaurant	Goo goo gai pan!
What would Obi Wan be called if he were Mexican	Obi Juan Kenobi.
What do you call a male robot that likes to dress up in women's clothing	A transistor.
What does a cyborg order at a diner	A Cyborger
What do you call a nun that walks in her sleep	A roamin' Catholic.
What's the funniest smelling thing on the earth	An anchovies cunt.
What did the duck say to the avacado	guac guac
What do you call a black man who fly's a plane	A pilot, you racist.
What's the difference between a rapper and God in a strip club	When god makes it rain bitches get wet.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield	Its arsehole.
What do spies say in bed	Shh I'm undercovers
What do you get, if you cross a bad joke with a rhetorical question	...
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit	Ba na na naaa
What helps put a Jew to sleep	gas
What was Hitler's favorite TV show	The Price is Reich
What kind of tableware do gym trainers use	Pilates
What does a drug addict and a child have in common	They both want tablets for Christmas.
What do you call a gay wizard	A Broromancer
Q: What do you call a cow with a hysterectomy	A: Decalfinated.
What do you call a dad without jeans	A potato.
What's grey	A melted penguin!
What did the hair stylist do when the Beach Boys came on	The barber ran
What do designers of gum call new flavors from old ingredients	ex-spearmints
What famous pig actor made a movie about  Frankenswine	Boaris Karloff.
what did the boy with no arms an no legs get for Christmas	.... Cancer
What's the difference between George Washington and Nicki Minaj	[Nicki Minaj never owned slaves.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr1p4KtgOXc)
What's the only thing better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics	Not being retarded
What do you call a pile of cats	A meowtain!
What do you call the Spanish Government	Juan Republic
What did the sea-world trainer's friend say to him after he spilled water on his friends lap	You did that on porpoise
What do you call a discount circumcision	A rip off.
What do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question	...
What's the difference between your Pacman high score and your child	I haven't beaten your high score.
What's your crappiest Pick-up attemp	Me: ""Hey, how much does a polar bear weights?"" Her: o.O ""Wut...idk"" Me: ""Enough to break the ice, I'm NuComer, how you doing?
What does a Duggar girl and the Unabomber have in common	They have both been fingered by their brother.
What is an alcoholic Mexican's favorite book	Tequila Mockingbird
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy	Gang rape.
What can you sit on, brush your teeth with, and eat soup with	A chair, a toothbrush, and a spoon.
What do you call two gay guys who look different but sound the same	Homophones.
What is it called when a large piece of foliage is the same on both sides	Symmetree.
What do you call an old film composer	Hans Zimmer-frame
What do you call an Irish man who lives in your back garden	Patti O'Furniture
What's a bear without an ear	A b
What do you call a gay Asian guy	Rice-a-Roni
What Do You Call A Dog With Wings	Linda McCartney
What did Jay-Z call his wife before they got married	Feyonce
What do a burnt pizza, a frozen beer, and a pregnant woman have in common	In all 3 cases, someone forgot to pull it out.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a dead gorilla	There aren't any dead babies at the Cincinnati Zoo.
What's the one thing you don't want to hear when fighting with your wife on a long road trip	Recalculating route.
What do you call one chickpeas smashing another	Hummuscide... *italics* gentleman bows
What do you call a gay Jew	A he-blew.
What is the best way to watch the ""Saw"" films	In bits and pieces.
What's a knife's favorite dessert	Slice cream.
what is the cruelest joke of all	Your Life.
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws	Outlaws are wanted.
What do you feed an invisible cat	Evaporated Milk.
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs	Christopher Reeves in a house fire.
What's Ted Cruz's favorite food	Boogers. This isn't a joke. Ted Cruz eats his boogers.
Q: What kind of pizza do pilots like	A: Plain.
What do you call a scale that always resets itself to zero	Tareable
What kind of pants do the Super Mario Bros. wear	Denim denim denim..... I'll see myself out.
What do you call a midget psychic running from the cops	A small medium at large!
What did one tonsil say to the other	Get dressed, the doctor is taking us out tonight!
What did the jungle cat say to the comedian in a packed laugh house	Stop making me laugh, you are going to make me puma pants"".
What if Hitler was cast for 'The Matrix' instead of Keanu Reeves	The movie would have been pretty... Neo-Nazi.
What did the nutrionist say to the zombies as they were breaking down the doors of a hospital in West Hollywood	Don't forget to eat your gays and invalids.
What do you call a homosexual, Russian, knight	Sir Gay (Serge)
What's the definition of gross	Two vampires fighting over a used tampon
What kind of yogurt does a skeleton eat	Actibia.
What do you call the score keeper at a jihadi football game	The Taliman.
What ethnicity is Santa	North Poleish
What did the buffalo say to his son as he left for School	! Bison
What do you call a hypochondriac dinosaur	Tri-serepax.
What do you call someone who smokes two joints	Double jointed.
What did one sea say to the other sea	Nothing, they just waved.
What's the worst present you could give a black person	Cotton Scented Hand Lotion
What do geeks and nerds love but cant have	80085
What do you call a short Mexican	A paragraph, because they're too short to be an ese
What 3 candies do you find in school	Redhots, DumDums, and smarties.
What's a cheese's favorite kind of drug	Amfetamines
What the difference between Australia and a glass of milk	Leave the glass of milk alone long enough and it'll develop a culture.
What's the difference between batman and a black person	Batman can go to the store without robin'
What did the comedian say to the girl who looked like a virgin	You have untapped potential
What do you call a bunch of white guys in a burning building	Fire Crackers.
What did the father say before he killed his child with a vacuum cleaner	Dyson
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common	They both have the same middle name.
What did the chopped wood say to the tree	Run!
What do you get if you push a piano out of a plane over a military base	A flat major
What's the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant woman	You can unscrew a lightbulb.
What has eight arms and tells the time	A clocktopus Shoutout to the popper from my Xmas dinner
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney	You are too young to smoke.
What's dirtier then fingering your sister	Finding your dad's wedding ring.
What's the difference between me and a calendar	A calendar has dates
What do you call Mussolini's flying saucer	A dictator ship.
What's the difference between your bonus, and your penis	Your wife will always blow your bonus!
What do you call a short psychic who's escaped from rehab	A small medium at large.
What does going down on an old woman and a pork pie have in common	You have to bite the crust and lick out the jelly before you get the meaty bit.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple	Being raped by a giant scorpion.
What's the difference between my erection and my motorcycle	My wife actually looks forward to riding the motorcycle.
What's the difference between a lobster with breast implants and a dirty bus stop	One is a busty crustacean, the other is a crusty bus station.
Whats the difference between a bug and your mothers vagina	Bear Grylls would eat that bug.
What's a feminist's favorite subject	Trigger-nometry
What's 9+10	21 pairs of Deez Nuts
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Kurt Cobain	Hitler had a reason to kill himself.
What do you call it when a Greek handicap falls over	Olympus has fallen.
What did the German clock maker say to the clock that would only go ""tick tick tick	Vee have vays of making you tock!
What's the longest word in the English language	A native Texan saying, ""Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttttt.
What is 667	The neighbor of the beast.
What's better than honor	Inner
What's gray and comes in quarts	An elephant.
What did the doctor say to the Fonz when he got sick	You need to take your vitamin Ayy.
What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common	They both know how to throw a hoedown. Not my joke, just passing it on.
What did 0 say to 1	You're turning me on
What did the Atlantic Ocean and Pacific Ocean say to each other	Nothing, they just waved.
What is dark, invades you in your sleep, and starts with N-I-G	Nightmares you racist.
What do you call a security guard in a jumping castle	A Bouncer
Q: What did the nurse say to John Cena	A: ICU.
What's a sucker's favorite drink	Punch
What do you call a joke that includes a pun about weed	[OC] High humor
What do you call a fresh creme pie	Creme fraiche
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle	[x-post from r/bicycling] Attire
What do you call a small wardrobe	A battledrobe.
What kind of soda do dogs drink	Barq's Root beer.
What's the most popular sport in Mexico	Cross-country.
What do you get when you mix acids and bases together	Rape.
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy woman who's on her period	You get your palm red for free.
What did the bathtub say to the toilet	I get a lot of ass but I don't take no shit
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination	HAAAAND EEEEEEYYYYYEEEEE!!!!!
What do you call someone who keeps trying to catch your interest even though you already said you're not interested several times	Windows 10.
What's a transgender's fabourite pokemon	Unknown
What do you call your Mexican crush	Juan Andonle
What do you call a Serbian national hero	a war criminal
What kind of money do fishermen make	Net profits !
What do you call cheese that isn't yours	Nacho cheese.
What does the closed sign at a brothel say	Beat it, we're closed.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours	Nacho cheese!
What do you call a sick bird who has crossed a national border without consent	An ILL-EAGLE! 2X COMBO
What do you get when you cross a tyrannosaurus rex with fireworks	DINO-MITE!
What do you call friendship between punctuation	Commaraderie
What do you call a Whore that was shot by a sniper	360 hoscope
What is Imperator Furiosa's least favorite type of ice cream	Rocky Road.
What do you call a tranny mailman	She-mail
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop	Dr. Dre!
What do you get when you cross a drinking vessel filled with soda with a smoked meat product	Cupicola! ... HAHAHAHAHAHSHAHAHA Hahaha ha I'll see myself out
What do you call Batman when he leaves church early	Christian Bale.
What do you do when a woman serves you bad sushi	Sue she
What do you call it, when a German sleeps with two women, but impregnates three	Fucking efficient.
What do you call a laptop in the ocean	A Dell, rolling in the deep.
What happens when a guy with no legs dies	He punches the bucket
What do you call a masturbation session that ensued while doing maths	Numberwank.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne	Acne waits until you're 12 to come on your face. I'll see myself out now
What grows when you squeeze it, explodes if you rub it too hard, and children love it	A balloon animal!
What is something that looks like an obese vagina, loves guns, is widely hated by the Europeans and can't take a joke	An Americunt.
What do you call a woman standing in the middle of at tennis court	Annette!
What did the two vegan strangers say to each other	Nothing. They didn't meat.
What's the definition of a male chauvinist pig	A man who hates every bone in a woman's body, except his own.
What does a Muslim with allergies say	Al-achoo Akbar.
What's the fastest way to get away from Hell	Piss off Satan's wife.
What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug dealer	A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again
What do you call your grandma on speed dial	Instragram!
What do sprinters eat before a race	Nothing, they fast. I'll see myself out.
What did the Nihilist whisper into his lover's ear	Sweet Nothings.
What do you call a magical dwarf	A midgetcian!
What's Hitler's least favorite planet	Jewpiter.
What do you call a dating service for lumberjacks	Timbr
What has 6 letters, starts with 'P', and ends a sentence	Parole.
What do they call an affair with a psychiatrist	A psychiatric tryst.
What's the difference between math and meth	One of them ruins your life. The other's just meth.
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his wife	Wipes his ass.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow	You can't milk a cow for 15 years.
What does Marshawan Lynch use to keep himself calm before the big game	Marsh-Mellows
What is the difference between christianity and national socialism	In christianity, one guy died for all the others.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman	Snowballs.
What instrument did the famous dog use to sign his autographs	a Shar-Pei :)
What do you call a dog with lice in China	Full course dinner
What is a Catholic priest's dream second job	Warden at juvenile detention center.
What do a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common	They both barely cover an asshole.
What is the difference between walking a dog in America and China	The spelling.
What is the difference between jelly and jam	I can't jelly my dick in your mouth.
What is the greatest dilemma for a Jewish mother	She learns her son is gay, but he's dating a doctor.
What ship breaks dangerous ice flows in the Arctic	The Titanic.
What did the Mexican say when his roof fell on him	Get off me Holmes!
What dog do other dogs tell their problems to	A complaint Bernard!
What do you call a Communist Mexican	A Gaucho Marxist
What do straight guys and lesbians have in common	They both like girls
What sort of an act do you do	I bend over backwards and pick up a handkerchief with my teeth. Anything else?  Then I bend over backwards and pick up my teeth.
What do you call pickled bread	Dill Dough
What's got 90 balls and screws old women	BINGO!
what do you call 4 mexicans in a sinking boat	quatro cinqo ^im sorry
What type of tea do babies drink	Tit tea
What's the difference between golf and Lady Godiva	One is a hunt on a course.
What do you call a laughing labradoodle	A snickerdoodle.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea	I wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
What did fish on the kitchen bench say to the other fish	Long time no sea.
What is Grammar	The difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you're shit.
What's the best way to stop a runaway horse	Bet on it.
What's the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage	Terrorists blow them selves up at camp on accident
What happened when hitler fell off his skateboard, and the wound got infected	He said ""now I have to cleanse my germy knee
What do Princess Di's coffin and a Queen Bee have in common	They're both filled with Royal Jelly.
what's that lassie	Bark"" Timmy's in a well? ""Bark"" and he's jerkin it? ""Bark"" he's looking at what?! ""Bark"" dude I've heard enough
What do you call Hitler in the water	Adolfin. Stolen from /u/NightRedditor423
What is a lesbians favorite day of the week	Tuesday
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass	A mechanic.
What did Captain Kirk find at the end of the rainbow	a LepreKHAAAAAAN!
What Roman dictator suffered from Epilepsy	Julius Seizure.
What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snow-woman	Snowballs.
What is a penguin	A swallow that kept eating after 6pm.
What hood was the Swedish cholo from	StockHOLMES!
What's a space pirate's favorite planet	mArrrs!
What is Forrest Gump's computer password	1forrest1
What does the man say when he walks into the bar	Can I please get a drink?
What do you call a room full of men watching the Super Bowl on a big screen TV	The Patriots
What is the difference between a duck	One leg is both the same.
What did the fish do when his piano sounded odd	He called the piano tuna!
What is irony	Irony is when something has the chemical symbol Fe.
What's Irish and lies around in the sun all day	Patty O'Furniture.
What do africans eat for breakfast	A bowl'a cereal
What body part do adults have two of and children have four of	Kidneys.
What do you call a song being played 100 yards away that makes people pass out	Faint music.
What was Bruce Lee's favorite hotel	HYATT!!!
What's my rating from 1 to 10 for Harry Potter	Nine and three quarters.
What did the stoned alpaca say to the other stoned alpaca	Alpaca 'nother bong
What do you call a group of gay smart men that are all the same	Homogenius
What's the best part of divorce	Two Kwanzaas
What does a horny gay rooster say in the morning	Any-cock'll-doooooo!
What do you call the total pay from your jobs as a garbageman, a sewage plant worker, and a drug smuggler	Your gross income.
what are you getting your wife for her birthday	a sweater and a dildo... if she doesnt like the sweater, she can go fuck herself
What kind of dog can tell time	A clockshund!
What do you call a woman of the night playing a trumpet	A prosti-toot
What's the difference between God and Bono	God doesn't walk around thinking he's Bono.
What did our parents do to kill time before the internet	I asked my 21 brothers and sisters and they had no clue either.
What is successful but always beat	Rihanna
What do you call tree porn	Entai.
What is the difference between Santa and the Jews	Santa goes down the chimney.
What do you call a showoff Texan	*Austin*tatious.
What's the difference between a person with a forehead and a fivehead	A sixth sense
Q: What do the Starship Enterprise and Toilet tissue have in common	A: They both circle Uranus wiping out Klingons.
What do you call a cappuccino from Dunkin Donuts	A crappucino.
What's the difference between a Greyhound Station and a crab with big boobs	One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
What do you call an attraction to your own mummy	A dedipus complex.
What goes up slowly and comes down quickly	An elephant in a lift !
What does an egg say to a pot of boiling water	It's gonna take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
What type of weed does a reptile smoke	Mariiguana
What's a politicians favorite kind of dance move	Poll dancing!
What'd the banana say to the vibrator	Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me.
What do you call an unfinished Tennis match	Wimble-not-don :D
What did the blue crab call his ex girlfriend	Old Bay
Q:What do you get when you cross a snake and a  kangaroo	A:('A jump rope')
What is Mike Tyson's favorite song	Down With The Thickness.
What do you call someone who's got a horse for a mother and a fruit for a father	A Frenchman.
What is a vegetable's favorite martial art	He can't do martial art because he is paralyzed tip to toe.
What do you call it when your having sex with a smart girl	Being in-genious
What's the leading cause of obesity in women	Wedding rings
What do you call a belt made of paper	A waist of paper. *knee slap*
What do bunnies do when they get married	Go on a bunnymoon
What happened when Jesus forgot to look both ways	He died on the cross!
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb	You can unscrew a lightbulb. Yes, I know this is a 30+ year old joke, but hope it gave some people a chuckle
What would you do of you found Chicago, Ill.	Call Baltimore, M.D.
What is every bodybuilder's favorite city	Gainsboro.
What did the paraplegic father say when his teenage daughter came out of the closet	I will not stand for this.
What would Jesus do	Today, take Mary out to Olive Garden.
What do Dracula's girlfriend and Mike Tyson have in common	They both go down for the count!!
What do women and Tony Stark have in common	They are both Fe Males.
What would you call Neil Armstrong had he burnt up in the atmosphere returning to earth instead of landing safely	An unfortu-naut... God that was horrible....
What type of vegetable is only kinda awesome	A radish
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable	Barackoli.
What do you tell a black jew	Go sit at the back of the oven
What do the African nations Zimbabwe, Tanzania, Mozambique, Zambia, and Swaziland have in common	A lot of da Z's.
What's the difference between a Jew and Santa Claus	Santa Claus goes *down* the chimney.
What is better than roses on a piano	Tulips on an organ!
What kind of pictures does a mermaid take on her phone	Shelfies.
What do you call data on a Pediatricians computer	Pedi-files
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat	The Wheelchair
What is Godzilla's favorite fruit	Squash.
What do you call a group of fundamentalist mathematicians	Al-Gebra
What do you call a good looking tractor	Attractor
What do you call a kid with no arms and legs playing baseball	2^nd base.
What's the difference between a feminist and a doormat	You might try and knock some mud off on the sidewalk before you step on the doormat.
What's your favorite clock time	Personally, I'd say that 6:30 is the best clock time, hands down.
what do you get when one rapper eats another	FOOD CHAINZZZ!!
What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion	An ass that will bring a tear to your eye.
What's the difference between a redneck and a gay man	A redneck marries his sister. A gay man marries a brotha.
What do you get when you play country music backwards	You get your job back, you get your wife back and you get your tractor back.
What do you call a man with a kilt over his  head	Scott !
What's the worst part about dating a Japanese girl	When you break up with her, you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
What's in front of a woman and in the back of a cow	The W. Yeah my dad just busted this joke on me.
What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common	Men usually miss all three.
What is blue and smells like red paint	blue paint
What's blue and looks like a bucket	A red bucket in disguise.
What's the square root of optimus prime	I'm not sure, but it's more than meets the eye.
What are some funny offensive jokes	Title
What did the potato chip say to the battery	I'm Frito-Lay when you're Everyready.
What does the Sargeant of the Knowledge division always tell his troops to get	in formation
What do cannibals get when they are late for dinner	The cold shoulder
What do you call a gay town in New Mexico	Albuqueerque.
What do you call Harrison Ford making a Venn diagram	Comparrison Ford!
What do you call a moari terrorist	Geeee, hard!
Q: What goes up but doesn't come down	A: A kangaroo stuck in a tree.
What breaks when you give it to a toddler	Their hips.
What do a horny guy and a bad driver have in common	They are both bad at pulling out.
What do you call a group of Beavers	A hens nights
What did the Japanese buck say to the doe he was courting	[OC] I don't know how to put this but...I'm kind of a big deer.
What do you call two gay Irishmen	Michael FitzPatrick and Patrick FitzMichael. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
What do they use to pay for things in the Vatican	Paypal
What do you call a black guy who flies airplanes	A 'pilot"" you effing racist!!
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina	Only half the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What did the Italian say when the eel swam by	That's a Moray.
What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder without a protein shake	No whey Jose
What do you call promoting a broom to the highest rank in the military	A Sweeping Generalization.
What do you call the Skunk who wears khaki's and goes to private school	Preppy le Pew
What did the apple tell the annoying orange	Citrus down.
What kind of phone does a molester have	the iTouch. ( lame but I made it up in class when I was like 15 lmfao)
What did the gay deer say after leaving the bar	I can't believe I blew 50 bucks back there!
What's the difference between a scaffold and a magnet	A magnet only has two Poles.
What gives you uncontrollable gas	Nazis
What do you call a sad coffee	A depresso hahaha fuck you all
What do you call a speeding vegetable	Michael Schumacher.
What will be served at Trump's inagural dinner	Crackers.
What do Taylor Swift and Charlie Sheen have in common	Bad blood.
What do you call a 5 year old with no friends	A sandyhook survivor. ....
What are the two best arguments against democracy	Donald Trump &amp; Hillary Clinton
What did the horse say when he regained his vision	Merci.
What's an Australian kiss	It's like a French kiss, just down under.
What did the pirate say when his wife kept asking him about the steering wheel in his pants	Yargg! Woman! Stop asking me! You're driving me nuts!
What is Germany's favorite game	Mein Kampf
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Asian	A car thief who can't drive.
What do you get from 3 girls from Arkansas	Damn near a whole set of teeth.
What's the difference between PirateBay and 9/11	One is piracy and the other is CONSpiracy
What did Hitler say when the barber shaved his head	Mine hair!!
What do beef hearts smell like	Honey.
What's the worst part about being a redneck	Having to see your ex at family gatherings.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend	Wiped his ass
What do you get when you cross a Jew with a Chinese person	Cha-Ching
What did the egg say to the boiling water	I don't know if I can get hard I just got laid this morning!
What did the grilled Seabass say at the Nuremberg trials	I was only following hors d'oeuvres.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a Skoda	Paul Walker wouldn't be seen dead in a Skoda.
What's the difference between a blond and a washing machine	When you drop a load into a washing machine it doesn't follow you around for a week.
What is brown, small, and smells of caramel	A diabetic who's been struck by lightning.
What's black and white . . . What's black and white and loves kids	Michael Jackson
What do you call a Muslim on a plane	Soon to be detained for flying home to his family in Houston after a business trip.
What did one atom say to the other	Thank you for your help in this matter!
What do you call a prostitude asking for a ride	A Hictchooker
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon	Kermit the Frog's finger.
What does a dog from Minnesota say	Woof da.
What do you call 1000 Jews on a train	Whatever you like - They're not coming back.
What do you call too many chickens on a farm	A cluster cluck.
what do you call a chav in a box	innit.
What do vegetarian zombies eat	Grraaaiinns
What do you call a gay caveman with a Viagra prescription	Homo erectus.
What do you call a gay herbal doctor	A homeosexual.
What do some burger eaters have	A Hardee appetite!
What does a 500 pound parakeet say	TWEET!!!"" * [Source1](http://i.imgur.com/9HEfWT1.jpg) * [Source2](http://i.imgur.com/JR1VTA0.jpg)
What do u call 1,000 black people on a plane back to Africa	A good start.
What is a caterpillar scared of	A dogapillar
What is your greatest America joke	Everyone's got mexican, Jewish, and Islamic jokes. I wanna hear the one's bashing America.
What's the most difficult thing about training a dog	Getting the peanut butter out of your pubic hair
What's the worst feeling when getting your prostate examined	Both of the doctor's hands on your shoulders.
What does a robot do after a one night stand	He nuts and bolts.
What's the cheapest kind of meat	Deer testicals they're under a buck.
What did the couch surfing, yoga junkie say when his friend asked him to leave	Namaste.
What's the best part of having a kid	The chewy center.
What do you call it when ISIS soldiers run for cover	100 meter Daesh
What's it called when the bottom half of a fraction has loads of cake in it	A denom-nom-nominator!
What's the worst part of an NFL wedding	Getting knocked out by the Rice.
What is time consuming	Eating a watch. . . . . Note: This is not my joke, credit goes to /u/Cokenut, and /u/Fluffy8x for setting him up.
What's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has	Baby kangaroos.
What's worse than dropping your ice cream	The Holocaust.
What's the worst part about being a pedophile	Getting the blood stains out of your clown costume.
What would an employee only entrance to a brothel be called in Westeros	A Hodor...
What does an amoeba call its friend	Cell mate.
What do you call it when a stripper works for free	Pro boner
What happens when you are banned on a muslim server	you are turbanned
What do you get if you share your Earbuds with all your friends	Hearing AIDS.
What is Harry Potters favorite way to get down a hill	Walking (punchline in comments)
What is God's favorite guitar chord	Gsus
What did the corn say when it was complemented	Aww, shucks!
What do you call a train that eats too much	A chew-chew train
What game do monsters play with humans	Squash.
What is Trump's favorite disney movie	Wall-E
What's a Latino pornstar's favorite flavor profile	Umami. (Ooooooooh, mami.)
What is the sun's favourite kind of food	Sol food
Q: What algorithm did Intel use in the Pentium's floating point divider	A: ""Life is like a box of chocolates..."" (Source: F. Gump of Intel)
What's the difference between menstrual fluid and sand	You can't gargle sand.
What do you call Nitrogen after the sunrises	Daytrogen.
What did the Iraqi refugee say when he crossed the border	Iran!
What, me	Lazy? Don't get me started.
What do gay horses eat	Heeeeeyyyyyyy
What is the best way to get called a ,""genius	...by losing a billion dollars in business.
Q: What do you call a snail on a ship	A: A snailor.
What is a chemists favourite type of music	Heavy Metals.
Whats worse than eating 10 oysters out of your girlfriends vagina	Realising you only put 9 in
What's the difference between a Malaysia Airline flight and Internet Explorer	None. Eventually, both of them are gonna crash.
What did the Marvel character say when he attained full control of his Android's CPU and Kernel	I am Root.
What's Black &amp; Rhymes with Snoop	Dr. Dre
What did the dragonball z fan say when he wanted to go to the toilet	I need to goku the toilet
Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop	Poop
What's the difference between a lobster with breast implants and a dirty bus station	One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean
What do you get when you cross a genius with a hooker	A fucking know it all!
What is the most popular social media form at Hogwarts	SnapeChat
What was Hitler's favorite letter	Not z!
What's E.T short for	He's got little legs
What's ISIS's favourite song	Niggas in Paris
What I don't understand is, how did Jabba the Hutt become so powerful	He's just a fat, lecherous crook. Wait
What do you call a Vietcong that's been hit by napalm	Charlie Brown
What has 2 legs and bleeds a lot	Half a dog
What do you get if you cross history and a cow	A moo-suem.
What is a gay jew's favourite bank	Goldman Sach's
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common	Their last hit was the wall.
What's the difference between a duck	One of it's legs is both the same.
What does an elephant say, looking at a naked man	You can't breathe from it
What do you call a skeleton who just had anesthesia	A numbskull
What does a black person get after sex...	?? A life sentence.
What is her Majesty the Queen's console of choice	The Royal Wii.
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an ass	Donald Trump's tie.
What do black people get after death	Nigger Mortis
What's the difference between an amusement park and a pedophile	A pedophile doesn't have a height limit
What do you call a Kryptonian who loves popcorn	Kern-el
What did the String Theorist say when his wife caught him in bed with another woman	Wait, I can explain everything!
What did one cop say to the other cop while investigating a crime scene at a farm	A rooster!
What did one bunny say to the other bunny	There's a sale on at the carrot store!
What did the RAM stick say to the politician	I'm PC2!
what do you call a play about victorian era menstruation	A period piece!
