Why can't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo
Why was the musician arrested	He got in treble.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	'Cause they are freaking good at it
Why did the chicken hold a seance	To get to the other side.
Why did the Xbox owner cross the road	To fuck your mom.
Why were the baker's hands brown	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ	Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.
Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph	...because he's too short to be called an essay.
Why did the Mexican take his Xanax	For hispanic attacks.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own	Because it is two tired.
Why are hillbilly murders hard to solve	Because they all share the same DNA
Why did the composer go to the chiropractor	Because he had Bach problems
Why is Chapstick so popular	Cause it's the balm baby!
Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster	So we can think about a solution in silence
Why was the baby ant so confused	Because all of his uncles were ants!
Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers	Because when they dance, they make it rain.
Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road	Trick question. There are no roads in Africa.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted	They're dark comedies.
Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants	Incase he gets a hole in one
Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy	Well it's true, you are what you eat.
Why was there semen on the clean laundry	When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, ""Please put a load in the washer
Why was pregnant Cinderella late to the ball	Miscarriage
Why did the vampire attack the clown	He wanted the circus to be in his blood.
Why do Canadians do it doggy style	So they can both watch the hockey game.
Why does little sally have a limp	SHE WENT TO JARED!
Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long	because then it would be a foot!
Why do midgets laugh when they run	Because the grass tickles their balls
Why are mountains so funny	Because they are hill-areas
Why do gay men always have candles near their asses	So the gerbils can find their way out.
Why do melons always have big weddings	Because they can't elope.
Why does BuzzFeed skip every other number when counting	They literally can't even.
Why do seagulls live by the sea	If they lived by the bay they'd be bagels.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet	Because they could spend years at C.
Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F	Because we're all a little obtuse.
Why did the Storm Trooper decide to buy an Iphone	Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
Why did the Canadian cross the road	Because that's the direction his car was sliding.
Why do elephants have 4 feet	Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
Why doesn't Hitler go ski	Cause he's blown his fucking head.
Why does Anna's mom encourage her daughter to experiment with sexuality	Because she lives bicuriously through others .
Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets	Because their hands are always in someone else's!
Why does Helen Keller wear tight jeans	So people can read her lips.
Why were there only 49 contestants in the National Ebonics Beauty Pageant	Nobody wanted to wear the sash that says ""Idaho"".
Why is Saturn like your balls	? Because it is in between jupeter an your anus.
Why does Darkwing Duck wear a mask	You are a duck. No one could identify you without describing every other duck on earth.
Why is my Tetris highscore like my wife	I beat both of them for fun.
Why didn't the principal of the school for the blind allow his students to go duck-hunting	He knew that some of them wouldn't miss the blind ...
Why does an elephant have 4 Feet	Because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.
Why shouldn't you sleep with a weatherman	They'll promise 12 to 14 inches, but you'll only get 3 to 5.
Why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office	Because it was a mail dominated industry
Why did the Gorilla visit Italy	An advertisement's headline enticed him - See Ape-les and die!
Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field	...because there are too many ears.
Why did Adele cross the road	She wanted to say hello from the other side. ^^^^^^hilarious ^^^^^^and ^^^^^^original ^^^^^^hahahahahahahahahelpme
Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why were they called the dark ages	Because there were so many knights! Credit: watching Mr. D on Netflix
Why do elephants have big flat feet	To stamp out flaming ducks.
Why does Mexico never get gold medals in olympics	Because all their swimmers, runners, and high jumpers are in USA.
Why did everyone bring a quiche to Sean Connery's party	It was leave your keys at the door.
Why do scuba divers roll backwards out of the boat	Cause if they rolled forwards, they would still be in the boat.
why did hitler commit suicide	Because he saw the gas bill (Thanks nofx)
Why are most Muslims broke all the time	They never understood the concept of piggy banks.
Why should we call Indians Native Americans	Most of those ones over in Asia have never even been to the States.
Q: Why are elephants big, wrinkled, grey, and hairy	A: Because if they were small, smooth, white, and hairless, they'd be aspirin tablets!
Why do geologists perform so well during intercourse	They really know how to make bedrock.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they are ugly and they smell.
Why kind of cigarettes do Hawaiians smoke	Mahalo bro lights.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	Because his wife is dead.
Why did a man's pet vulture not make a sound for five years	It was stuffed.
Why do Communists only drink coffee	Because proper tea is theft.
Why did the noodles go to rehab	To get yakisoba.
Why does Germany have so many different kinds of bread	Well, we had to do something with the ovens.
Why was the detective excited when he found a thimble sized crown	He was looking for Finger Prince. (Say it out loud if you don't get it.)
Why don't black people listen to country music	Every time the hear the word hoedown they think their sister's been shot.
Why couldn't the chameleon change colors	He had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the vulture get kicked off the flight	He brought the wrong carrion.
Why do I tell jokes in elevators	Because they're funny on many levels.
Why is Forrest Gump as a young boy without his leg braces like a Samurai without a master	Because everywhere he went, he was Ronin! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll see myself out...
Why did the sperm cross the road	I put on the wrong sock this morning :(
Why are dogs bad at dancing	They have two left feet
Why do melons have traditional marriages	Because they cantaloupe
Why did the English majors switch to Spanish	(OC) Too many persuasive esses.
Why did the little Dutch boy have to register as a sex offender	He kept on sticking his finger in a tyke.
Why aren't any atheists buying a PS4 Pro	They don't believe in higher power.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	Because he uses the finest ingredients, *asshole*.
Why are the labia on Japanese women oriented sideways instead of vertically	Goes better with their eyes.
Why was the band late to their gig	Because the drummer locked himself in the car with the keys.
Why do felines always win board games	Because they are cheetahs.
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN	A: Because she didn't know which one came first!
Why does 71 like 68	Because 68 69 70.
Why don't north Koreans listen to funk	Cos they've got no Seoul! Thank you very much.
Why don't women need a watch	There's a clock on the stove.
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote	I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
Why was the cat afraid of the tree	Because of the tree bark.
Why did the emo kid leave the bar	It was happy hour.
Why couldn't the boy keep his documents open when he left a window open in winter	Because it was too Win+D
Why did the milking stool only have three legs	Because the cow has the udder
Why did the junkie walk into the pet store	To buy some quack croakaine!
Why do black people have white palms	Everyone has a little good in them.
why do scuba divers go in the water backwards	because if they go forward they would fall inside the boat.
Why do Native Americans wear jock straps	TOTEM POLE
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because I live across the street from a KFC.
[NSFW] Why did the priest cum on the little boy's face twice	Because Jesus said to turn the other cheek
Why can't gay people drive while they're aroused	Because they can't think straight.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to turkey!
Why do legs have to be at least 25 inches long	They're over two feet
Why do the french have so many civil wars	Because they like to win one every now and then
Why is milk so fast	Because it's pasteurized before you see it!
Why do people always look so embarrassed walking down the street with a pizza box	Be proud man, you've got a pizza!
[A pair of crocs sitting on a riverbank] Why do you think people hate us so much	Idk. I blame the idiots who wear us with socks.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants	Because he had a hole in one.
Why did Beethoven never answer the doorbell	They weren't invented yet.
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team	She ran away from the ball.
Why were the sneakers so sad	Because they had ten issues.
Why does the corn get mad at the farmer	Because he is always pulling on his ears.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the gay guys house. (awkward silence) knock knock. (who's there?) The chicken. Feel free to try on your friends, its a good laugh.
Why does the zoo only have dogs	Because they shot the gorilla
Why do Chinese only care about themselves	Because they have no i's (plural of i). Edit: eyes. Eyes guys. It's a bad pun.
Why couldn't the two melons get married	Because they cantaloupe!  I'll see myself out now...
Why are seals such homebodies	Because clubbing isn't any fun.
Why don't little girls fart	Because they don't get an asshole until they get married.
Why was the tampon flying down the school hallway	He was late for his next period.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	Tequillllaaaa
Why was the snowman smiling	He saw the snowblower coming
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning	He was *too far out, maaan*.
Why was the programmer lonely	Off-by-one error. :(
Why did the spelling bee champ have to go to rehab	He was hooked on phonics.
Why did the lights go out	Because they liked each other.
Why are spiders good swimmers	They have webbed feet !
Why did the boat dock with the all of the other boats	Pier Pressure
Why does a fetus have more rights than a women	Because a fetus still have a chance to become a Man
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because we killed the only one with a dream.
Why is Man Utd's chemistry lacking	Because they are held together by weak van den Gaal's forces.
Why did Newton's wife got pregnant	Because he doesn't believe in using quantum
Why shouldn't you drink at a math party	Because you shouldn't drink and derive.
Why are sergeants so successful in physical contests	Three stripes, you rout.
Why do people even like anal	It's fucking shit.
why don't melons run away to get married	because they cantaloupe
Why did so many jews die at Auschwitz	Because the exit doors were coin operated.
Why do people dislike the new iPhone 7 so much	It can't do jack shit.
Why do they build fences around graveyards	Because people are dying to get in
Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho	Because Jericho wants to break the walls down
Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells	Cause B-shells are too small, and D- shells are too big.
Why does santa say ho ho ho	Because three hos are better than one!
Why does homemade bread not make your throat itch	It's made from scratch ^*NB ^OP ^is ^heckle-proof*
Why was six afraid of seven	Seven is a registered six offender.
Why do people love their smartphones so much	Because opposites attract. (Told to me by 2 students today, loved it!)
Why did the existential nihilist cross the road	Who cares.
Why do rabbits love beer	Because it's made of hops.
Why are there more female than male archeologists	They always want to find a new bone.
Why would you never starve to death in a desert	Because you'd probably die of dehydration first. While a human can only go about a week without water, it can go up to three weeks without food.
Why do Steven Avery's victims see him naked from the waist down	Because his lawyers keep filing away his briefs.
Why are there no podiatrist generals	Because all they know is de feet
Why are men smarter while having sex	Because they're plugged into a know it all.
Why doesn't George R.R. Martin use a Twitter	Because he kills all 140 characters.
Why is it fun to play with matches	They're lit.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom	The P is silent.
Why are lumberjacks bad at online video games	Because their connections are so weak they are always logging out.
Why does a VC always enter a room backwards	To keep an eye on the exit
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate his pizza before it was cool
Why shouldn't you invite a duck to go out drinking	Because it would be a party fowl.
Why was Leia disappointed on her wedding night	Han shot first.
Why do Welsh farmers .... Why do Welsh farmers tend to have sex with sheep on the edge of a cliff	So the sheep will push back
Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa	Teacher's aides
Q: Why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job	A: He couldn't figure out how to refill the hand dryer!
Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws	A: Practice.
Why did the cows come back to the marijuana field	The pot was calling the cattle back
Why did Hitler suicide	He got the gas bill
Why are atoms so serious	Because they're no laughing matter.
Why did Van Gogh become a painter	Because he didn't have an ear for music.
Why was the pig happy when reviewers criticized his story	Because they called it garbage.
Why is the upcoming Windows OS called Windows 10	Because 7 ate 9...
Why do I like sweet potatoes	Cuz they're yammy!!!
Why is there only women's studies in college, but not men's	Because we call men's studies history.
Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach	Because they'll get sand in their schlitz.
Why did the Chicken cross the playground	To get to the other slide
Why do pigs have flat snouts	From running in to trees.
Why did the trout leave the cult	They were too sacrifishal
Why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers	Because they're sitting on a box.
Why do the bees have honey	Because they have a queen. If they had a parliament, they would have had nothing.
Why was the lion-tamer fined	He parked on a yellow lion !
Why was diarrhoea classified under hereditary diseases	It runs in the Jeans.
Why does it take Sarah Palin so long to get ready in the morning	Because she has two faces.
Why did no one like the Archer	Because he was too arrowgant!
Why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil	It's pointless
Why did the chicken cross the road	I don't fucking know. Chickens don't even know what roads are he probably thought it was a field.
Why is Santa Claus always so happy	He knows where all the bad girls live
Why do adrenaline junkies enjoy camping	Because it is in tents
Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job	Because he didn't serve a porpoise...
Why did the 3-legged dog go back to Dodge City	To see who shot his ""paw.
Why are hula dancers so pretentious	Because their hips stir.
Q: Why can't Micheal J Fox draw a perfect circle	A: Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible for any human.
Why did the polar bear join the terrorist group.	Because that is where the ISIS.
Why did the ""M&M;"" go to university	He wanted to become a ""Smartie
Why did the robot cross the road	Because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.
Why do NBA players like poultry	Because they love to slam duck!
Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke	Because HE is the one who knocks.
Why are Russians such bad pilots	Because they're always Stalin. Thank you, good night.
Why did the blind woman fall into the well	Because she couldn't see that well.
Why did the feminist cross the road	To suck my fuckin' dick!
Why did the moron give the sleepy cow a hammer	He wanted her to hit the hay!
Why can't two Asians have a white baby	Because two wongs don't make a white
Why is Islam called the religion of peace	After you leave the religion, you rest in peace.
Why did Hitler kill himself	He finally got the gas bill.
Why did the student take Viagra while preparing for his exam	His professor said he should study hard.
Why did the number 6 cry	Because 7 8 9. (7 ate 9)
Why do you need to carry radioactive materials in sealed, lead containers	To stop it from falling out.
Why was Yoda afraid of seven	Because six seven eight.
Why did everyone think that the proctologist was a great fighter	Because he was really good at talking shit....
Why did the blind kid fail geometry	He didnt see the point.
Why did Microsoft skip straight to 10	Because Windows 7, 8, 9. I'll see myself out.
Why is the peanut crying	Because he couldn't handle his roast
Why should you buy Adrian Peterson sun screen	Because it is very strong at beating the son.
Why wouldn't the bird let her chicks go near the pig pen	She didn't want the pigs eating shredded tweet.
Why did the dolphin feel crabby	Because he ate too many crabs!
Why sugars are very unhappy these days	It is sweet but still is not getting added do any thing!
Why didn't Ukraine go to war with Russia yet	They were Putin up with him.
Why does Santa always have a big sack	He only comes once a year.
Why did the bear eat his mate	He called her 'honey', then got hungry.
Why are hamburgers essential to football	Because the game is played on a griddle-iron!
Why did the cheese get sent to the asylum	Coz 'e-mmental!
Why do Native Americans like being invited to Thanksgiving dinners	Because usually they're stuck with reservations.
Why did Jesus deactivate his Instagram account	Because he only had 12 followers.
Why do gods eat swiss cheese	Because its holy
Why is Phoenix such a great lawyer	Because he's ""Wright"" all the time.
Why didn't the tree like to play checkers	Because it was a chesnut tree.
Why did the black child cross the road	To get to the other side
Why was Simba's dad killed by the pride	Because he didn't mufasa.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	He was outstanding in his field
Why did AT&amp;T have the worst wedding	No reception.
Why did Sean Connery say he quit his mall Santa job	I got tired of all the kids asking to shit on my lap.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax	To stop hispanic attacks
Why is a hemiola unfair	Because it's three against two.
Why did the man quit his job at the helium gas factory	He didn't like being spoken to in that voice
Why is Nixon a bad chef	Because he is not a cook.
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10	Because 7 8 9
Why type of lightning likes to play sports	-Ball lightning
Why don't they have sex ed and drivers ed on the same day in the middle east	There are never enough camels to go around.
Why doesnt ray charles see his friends	Because he is married .
Why are European cars the lightest	because there's no Americans sitting in them.
Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road	To get to the dark side...
Why did the cardiologist bake a cake with partially hydrogenated oil	Because he took the hypocritic oath
Why did the bubblegum cross the road	It was stuck to the chicken's legs.
Why type of nut do Wallflowers like	Walnuts
Why do porn scenes use condoms during intercourse, but not during the blowjob and climax	So they can see it coming
Why are sharts always a surprise	Because you can never see that shit coming.
Why Cant Girls Count To 70	.....Because 69 is a mouthful
Why are stock traders so good at sex	Same principal, you gotta pull out at the right moment or it costs you.
Why shouldn't you let your kids run more than a mile	Because at the second mile they get raped.
Why did Barbie never get pregnant	Because Ken came in a different box. Badum tiss.
Why did both Germany and the U.S want to hire Apes during World War Two	Because they are excellent at waging Gorilla warfare!
Why did the cz-75 get the girl pregnant	It took too long to pull out.
Why do Redditors pay with exact change	They can't stand a Nickleback!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans!
Why did the engineer drive the backwards	He had a loco motive.
Why was the clownfish sad	Because its friends were anemones.
Why did the chick disappoint his mother	Because he wasn't all he was *cracked up* to be.
Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs	They're always taking things...literally.
Q: Why did the condom fly across the room	A: It was pissed off.
Why should you bury indians 10 feet deep	Because deep down they're good people
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball	He got crossed up.
Why Wasn't Hitler Allowed to Host Jeapoardy	He kept asking the contestants if their answers were their final solution.
Why do girls always walk around in odd numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why haven't Fruity/cocoa pebbles teamed up with a milk company to make the flavor of milk that has the taste after you eat the cereal	Idiots
Why is the galley the safest place to be on a capsizing ship	Because everything but the kitchen sinks. =D ^(I feel dirty)
Why do programmers produce more garbage than others	Because they (some of them) don't have a garbage collector.
Why does Game of Thrones always kill off its main characters	For the good of the watch.
Q: Why are farmers cruel	A: They pull corn by the ears.
Why should you never play Uno with a Mexican	Because they'll steal all the green cards.
Why do Greeks like fried foods	Because they're greasy
Why was Freddie Mercury a great front-man for Queen	He could perform ""Under Pressure"".
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see his friend Gregory Peck.
Why did the hipster drown	He went ice Skating before it was cool
Why should you never bring a fat person to see a dramatic movie	They will ruin the suspension.
Why did the Native American quit his desk job at the Marriot	He didn't like dealing with reservations.
Why did the polar bears on Noah's Ark hang out near the insects	They were looking for the ark tick.
Why was Easter the aardvark's favorite holiday	Because he liked aard-boiled eggs!
Why do Call of Duty players hate Lee Harvey Oswald	Oh come on, the man is a stupid camping hardscoper!
Why didn't Count Dracula get married	He wanted to remain a bat-chelor.
Why do teenage girls hangout in odd-sized groups at Starbucks	Because they can't even.
Why do people hit things (ex. TV, computer, etc.) when they don't work	Well, it worked with the slaves.
why dont women drive	because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen
Why do Jews always seem to find spare change laying around	They cents it.
Why did the crazed Packers fan throw out all of Aaron Rodgers's forks	They were too Cutler-y.
Why are Father Christmas' reindeer like a cricket match	Because they're both stopped by the rein.
Why the new Apple Pencil isn't included with the new iPad Pro	There is no point.
Q: Why did the Davidians commit suicide	A: They were trying to keep up with the Joneses.
Why is there a fence around the graveyard	Because people are dying to get in!
Why do the bald seem to handle life so much better than the rest	They're always eager for more on their pate.
Why did Mickey get hit but Donald didn't	Because Donald Duck.
Why isn't Mexico in the Summer Olympics	Everyone who can run, jump, and swim are already over here.
Why, yes, that is a banana in my pocket! *removes banana* How did you know	*begins to peel & eat banana* I'm still glad to see you though.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	'Cause 7 was a Registered Sex Offender.
Why do elephants squirt water through their noses	If they squirted it through their tails it'd be very difficult to aim.
Why did the North Korean defect to South Korea	He did some seoul searching.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered 6 offender
Why are Jews so bad at maths	Cause they can never find the final solution
Why did the irishman wear two condoms	to be sure, to be sure.
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet	He was looking for Pooh. - *My little brother told me this one; hit me with a little bit of nostalgia.*
Why do elephants have four feet	Because six inches would look silly.
Why did the chicken cross the road	**To kill its self** This is no joke **#CHICKENLIVESMATTER**
Why did the turtle cross the road	To get to the shell station on the other side! *bum bum chi*
Why were the yearbook students expelled	They shot the whole school.
Why are people leaving the Ukraine	I don't know but they sure are Russian.
Why does Mexico rarely wins medals at the olympic games	All the ones who can run/swim/jump already made it to America.
Why did the boy who rode his bike over a barbed  wire fence miss his music lesson	Because he'd already done the sharps and flats.
Why did Adele cross the road	Because she wanted to say: &gt; Hello from the other side...
Why did the bachelors purchase double amputee strippers for their party	Because they were 50% off!
Why should Trump be careful of deporting Mexicans	It could go south so fast.
Why did the Seahawks win the 2015 NFC Championship game against the Packers	Because even Aaron Rodgers is a 12!
Why does the food take so long at an Internet cafe	Because the servers cannot be found
Why is it a bad idea to give Elsa a balloon	Because she'll ""Let it go! Let it go!"" This joke was made up by my 5 year old nephew.
Why did the fly eat all of the butter	He wanted to become a butterfly!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because there was too much pride on his side.
Why do we hate making up gay jokes	Because it's always a pain in the ass
Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends	because they can't protect their towers
Why do mice have a hole in their bottoms	Because otherwise they would be unable to track movement and move the cursor in the computer screen.
[Dirty] Why do men like golf so much	It makes it possible for them to go from hole to hole with an iron in their hands.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs	He doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.
[Corny] Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	It got stuck in a crack
Why do people take acid at raves	Because there's so much base.
Why can't a T-Rex clap it's hands	Because it's dead
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with only one hand	So she could moan with the other.
Why couldn't Bach pay for his dinner	Because he was Baroque.
Why did Sally drop her ice cream	Because a semi truck hit her.
Why does it take so long for a pro-lifer to screw in a lightbulb	They love to watch mistakes being made.
Why do Jews get circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
why did my wife didn't like her jewellery	cuz she is a nazi
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	Because if had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Why is it so hard for programmers to get a prescription for pain killers	They have a history with codeine.
Q: Why do so many fishermen own banjos	A: They make great anchors!
Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet	Because it was a sewer side mission!
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs	The rest are hunting peckers.
Why did the midget get slapped	Because he told a woman how nice her hair smelled.
Why aren't burgers the least bit scared of Halloween	They're used to people 'goblin' them!
Why do old men take Viagra	It stops them from rolling out of bed.
Why did the narcissist with multiple personalities and a propensity for domestic violence only have one black eye	Because she didn't need to re-beat himself.
Why couldn't the taxidermist finish anything he started	Because he kept getting side tracked by pet projects
Why do people say ""Be there or be square""	Because if you're not there, then you're not around.
Why did the blind lady fall into the well	Because she couldn't see that well.
Why is the robot good at one night stands	Because he nuts and bolts.
Why didn't the dentist ask his secretary out	...He was already taking out a tooth
Why has there never been a military dictatorship in America	Because they don't have an American embassy over there.
Why do they call it PMS	Because mad cow disease was already taken.
Why are camels known as the ships of the desert	Because they're filled with Arab semen.
Why are you eating a banana with the skin on	Oh it's all right. I know what's inside.
Why are TV's attracted to people	Because we turn them on. /*Badumtss*/
Why did the Titanic have a hard time getting a date	It couldn't break the ice.
Why didn't the Smurfs fit in the house	There wasn't [mushroom](http://i.imgur.com/Yt9AWCO.jpg)
Why can't Iron Man stay in a steady relationship	He has rust issues.
Why did Sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe	More doors.
Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke	Because he is the one who knocks.
Why doesn't Jesus participate in Battle Raps	All his comebacks take three days..
Why was Edward stuck at the Russian airport	Because he was Snowden.
Why was the cat so small	Because it only ate condensed milk !
Why do cows lie down in the rain	To keep each udder dry.
Why didn't Lebron go to college	he didn't want to show up for the finals
Why was Jeffrey Dahmer so healthy	Because he ate five fruits a day!
Why did Germany run out of gas	Because they gave it to the Jews I'll be in Argentina for awhile.
Why was Stalin literally worse than Hitler	Because Hitler at least wrote his own books
Why does Vincent van Gogh always look forward to thenew year	Because everyone wishes him a new ear.
Why don't the french like kiwifruit	Because of the green piece inside.
Why do female skydivers wear tampons	So they don't whistle on the way down.
Why did the chicken cross the park	To get to the other slide...
Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election	Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood
Why do humans mainly use the decimal number system	It's just what we tend to do
Why does OSHA hate porn	It's nsfw
Why are teenage girls so odd	Because they can't even.
Why don't Jews eat pussy	It's too close to the gas chamber
Why does it suck to work for the NSA during the winter	Because if it snows, you can't call and say you're snowed in.
Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers	They can't even
Why are cars in Russia so slow	Because they are always stalin.
Why would Ellen Pao not do her own AMA	General Pao's chicken.
Q: Why did the bowlegged cowboy get fired	A: Because he couldn't keep his calves together!
Why can't ears have sex	They could get hearing AIDS!
why do they always say ""fight fire with fire"" in the movies and stuff	basic pokemon training renders that pretty ineffective
Q: Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact	A: Breasts don't have eyes.
Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man	Because she won't pull out until she's done.
Why can't they teach drivers ed on the same day as sex ed in Egypt	Wears out the camel.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render buildings on the other side
Why is F-time so much fun	Because F-time is Part-E time.
Why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight	BECAUSE HE WAS USING A BANANA FOR SCALE
Why was the horse farmer arrested	He was raising a colt.
why do JEWS have big noses	air is free
Why'd you order the Fish n' Chips	For the Halibut.
Why did the blonde have a sore belly-button	Because she had a blond boyfriend.
Why did man invent curling	To convince women sweeping was a sport.
Why do lesbians shop at Dunham's	Because they don't like Dick's.
Why is the leaning tower of Pisa in Italy	It's Italicized
Why did the owl owl	Because the woodpecker would peck 'er !
Why didn't 2x befriend x^2	He had trouble integrating
Why are frogs happy	Because they eat what bugs them.. Source: 3rd grader told me this joke..
Why is Christopher Walken so tired	Because at night, he's always sleepwalken
Why isnt Hitler invited to any BBQs	Cuhs he burns all the franks! Friend told me this, so im sorry if this has already been posted.
Why is it hard for Chihuahuas to type on a keyboard	They're all paws.
Why did the clown go to the doctor	Because he was feeling a little funny. He had testicular cancer.
Why did the girl quit her job at the donut factory	She was fed up with the hole business.
Why couldn't the stoner simplify his binomials in front of the class	Because a watched pothead never FOILS.
Why can't americans play LoL	They can't guard their towers.
Why do cemeteries have fences	People are just dying to get in.
Why were the elephants thrown out of the swimming pool	Because they couldn't hold their trunks up !
Why do Asians prefer Sony	Because it's a stereo type
Why did the man get sent to jail	Black male
why do they throw shit at a pakistani wedding	keeps the flies away from the bride
Why do Arabs wear thawbs	Goats can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why are chickens racist	They are all in the Coop Clucks Clan
Why isn't there golf in the Paralympics	Because it would be really awkward asking what their handicap was.
Why aren't football stadiums built in outer space	Because there is no atmosphere!
Why is Klezmer music so addictive	Once you Hava Nagila, you'll want another!
Why do they ask you if you would like paper or plastic at the grocery store	Because baggers can't be choosers,
Why did the tofu cross the road	To prove it wasn't chicken. &gt;:|
Why did the chicken of the sea cross the road	Because a tuna can!
Q: Why are all blacks fast	A: The slow ones are in jail.
Why is Empire Strikes Back the best Star Wars movie	It's a perfect 5/7.
Why can a T-Rex not touch his toes	Because he's extinct
Why do hamburgers feel sad at barbecues	They get to meet their old flames!
Why did a footballer take a piece of rope onto the pitch	He was the skipper !
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends...	Because he's married. ;_; (I'll see myself out).
Why is DJ Khaled's favorite number 11	Cuz it has another 1
Why do black people have nightmares	Because the last guy who had a dream got shot
Why did the plane crash	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. (my wife tells this joke to everyone and no one but me has ever laughed)
Why do hippies like corduroy	Because the material is so groovy.
Why does Elton John play the piano	Because he sucks on an organ.
Why are blacks excited for 2016	Because it is the year of the monkey.
Why did the girl reject iron oxide	Because it was FeO
Why did my ex gf Fav my tweet where I announced that I got laid off	Why did you do that sharon
why did princess Diana cross the road	she wasnt wearing her seatbelt....
Why did Jon Snow become a spokesman for Rolex	For the time piece.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants	Because it's pecker is on its head.
Why are bananas so popular	Because they have appeal
Why does a white guy go to a brothel	For pleasure. Why does a black guy go to a brothel? He's looking for his mother.
Why was the nun hooked up to an IV of holy water	She was taking god's name in vein.
Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America	Because Freedom Rings.
Why did the spud lover set his alarm for 8:00	Because he wanted to get a-po-ta-to clock. **EDITED** to make joke more apparent
Why couldn't the motorcycle stand on it's own	because it was too tired.
Why is it so hard to order pizza from me	I'll update with the hilarious punchline later...
Why did the hipster burn his tounge on his coffee	Cus he drank it before it was cool...
Why couldn't the fortune teller fit into her shirt	Because she's a medium
Why wouldn't the sow let her piglets play with  toads	She didn't want them to grow into wart hogs.
Why did the feminist cross the road	To suck my cock!
Why is your nose in the middle of your face	Because it's the scenter.
Why shouldn't white people swim	Crackers get soggy when wet.
Why does a dog	Why does a dog lick its butt? To get the taste of dog food out of its mouth.
Why are libraries so strict	Because they have to go by the book.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	He was out standing in his field
Why did Bill Cosby go to Japan with a bag of roofies	He had Jello fever!
Why do we call it politics	Because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites.
why did Hitler kill himself	because he saw his gas bill
Why is the United States always in political disarray	It's a nation without a litre.
Why was the math book sad	It had a lot of problems
Why was Santa's little helper depressed	Because he had low elf esteem.
Why is it called PMS'ing	Mad cow disease was already taken.
Why are there so many doctors in India	Because about 20 million people are Sikh.
Why doesn't democracy work in china	Because no one wants to hold an erection.
Why are vegans so salty	To hide the fact that their food has no flavor.
Why isn't Half-Life 3 coming out	Because 2 Half-Lives = 1 whole life.
Why did the knight stop fighting after all his limbs had been chopped of	He'd been unarmed and defeated
Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his soup	Because one more would have been too farty.
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund	So he could get a long little doggy!
Why are muslim people so kind-hearted	Because they don't live long, especially when they're a bomb
Q: Why couldn't the blonde manage to make Ice-Cubes	A: She couldn't find the recipe.
Why did the plane crash	The pilot was a potato.
Why is suicide illegal	Because no one wants to clean up your mess.
Why Did Donald Trump Get Fired When He Was a Carpenter	He wouldn't take down any walls.
Why are redneck murders hard to solve	No dental records and the DNA is all the same.
Why did the T-Rex get hammered at noon	Because he's a Wino-saur!
Why are fruit rapists seldom found alone	They come in pears
Why was the banker bored	Because he lost interest in everything.
Why are Cal Tech and MIT constantly Fighting	Because MIT blames Cal Tech for stealing their Feynman, and there will never be another man as Fine.
Why do clowns hate assassins	Because they go for the juggler.
Why did the raging alcoholic throw his wife off a cliff	Tequila
Why was the volcano so pleasant to be around	Because he was so magmanimous.
Why couldn't the radish finish the race	He was just a little beet.
Why don't they make bouncy houses for adults	You'd spill your drink.
Why don't women wear skirts during winter	They'll get chapped lips!
Why will you never see a stag on the internet	They like to stay anony-moose
Why do Jewish men get circumsized	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30% off.
Why didn't Jesus like to play hockey	He didn't like getting nailed to the boards.
Why can't unicorns play soccer	Because they don't exist
Why was the bumble bee wearing a yamaka	Because he didn't want to be mistaken for a WASP
Why did Rosemary get kicked out of the spice rack	For swallowing Poppy's Seed
Why do java coders wear glasses	Because they don't C#
Why don't Baptist preachers color their hair	They just pray the gray away
Why was Santa sacked two days before Christmas	Elf and safety
Why did the guitarist get arrested	For fingering A Minor
WHY DID THE HIPPOPOTAMUS NEED HIS VENTILIN	BECAUSE HE WAS HIPPOVENTILATING!
Why did the chicken jump into the bag of popcorn	The kernel was looking for him.
Why don't cannibals eat divorced women	They're too bitter.
Why do Jewish men have to be Circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless its 20% off.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why is it	.. old people say ""there's no place like home"", yet when you put them in one...
Why did the storm trooper return his iPhone	Because it wasn't the droid he was looking for!
Why do you really not want to get pulled over in Ireland	Because the cops are Dublin the fines! (It took me a three hour car ride to come up with this... I am not a clever person)
why don't blondes make good cowgirls	they can't keep their calves together
Why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed	The sharks life lacked porpoise.
Why do audiophiles nerver loose a fight	Because they're lossless.
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients	To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service!
Why dont orphans like baseball	Because they don't know were home is! XD
Why do birds live in nests	Because they can't afford houses in this economy.
Why are school shooters more likely to be white people	White people actually go to school. Black people stay home and shoot people in their own neighborhood.
Why was the ghost late to the halloween party	He had to take a sheet.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party	He had no body to go with.
Why are lawyers buried 18 feet deep when they die	Because deep down they're all actually good people.
Why does Star Wars Movies numbering scheme starts with 4,5,6	Because in charge of the numbers, Yoda was
Why did Adele crossed the road	To say hello from the other side.
Why did the case against the great dessert robber get thrown out	De minimis non curat lex.
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes	Because he uses the best ingredients.
Why do black people have white on their palms	There's a little bit of good in everybody.
Why are manhole covers circular	Because Rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte.
Why did the Eskimo wash his clothes in tide	Because it was too cold out tide.
Why did the vampire consider himself a good artist	He liked to draw blood!
Why did the duck cross the basketball court	He heard the referees were blowing fouls... -Jim Norton
Why are gay guys always butthurt	Oh yeah.
Why are most male squirrels gay	Cuz they love nuts!
Why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything	He was kinda flakey
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay, then they'd be called bagels!
Why don't girls count to two	Because they ""can't even.
Why are Ethiopian's teeth so white	Because they never use them
Why can't Trump be compared to vegetables in jokes	Because even artichokes have a heart.
Why do women have smaller feet than men	- It allows them to stand closer to the sink.
Why don't nice people ride the train	Because they're usually found on trucks.
Why do Little People hate the taste of alcohol	Because they can't reach the top shelf.
Why can't Jewish people view pornography	? Because watching people porkin' just ain't Kosher! Wakakakaka
Why couldn't the spotty cat chase the sheep	Because her Mum wouldn't leopard be a shepherd
Why did the stair railing give money to Beethoven	A bannister always pays his deafs.
Why didn't the dog want to play football	It was a boxer!
Q: Why did the bank drive-up window teller have tire tread marks across the back of his grey suit	A: From crawling across the street when the sign said: ""Don't Walk.
Why did the plane crash into the ocean	The pilot was a loaf of bread
Why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at Trump	Because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it.
Why do black's have white skin on the bottom of their feet and the palm of their hands	Everyone needs a little bit of good inside them.
Why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat	It was capsaicin. ^(Don't hurt me.)
Why did the computer say Hello	Because it was A Dell
Why did the egg get a ticket from a lady police officer	Because he was picking up good vibrations.
Why don't black people ever go on cruises	We're not falling for that one again!
Why do anarchists smell so bad	Because they're *revolting*
Why did the lizard go on a diet	It weighed too much for its scales !
Why couldn't Spongebob get a mortgage	Because his house was underwater.
Why didn't Hitler drink tequila	Because it made him mean.
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away	You would too if your name was ""adkwodrtrgfvnfif
Why did the snowman have a smile on his face	Because the snowblower was coming down the block.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fouls
Why don't lawyers have sex with their clients	To prevent double billing.
Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms	There's already handicapped stalls.
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke	Because he finally got it!
Why is Santa's sack so full	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the washing machine stop	Somebody threw the towel in.
Why don't you ever see three mexicans crossing the border at the same time	Because the signs say ""No trespassing
Why don't people like talking about herpes	It's a sore subject.
Why did the Chicken cross road	With rice.
Q: Why don't matches play baseball	A: One strike, and they're out.
Why was the motorcycle going so slow	Because it was two tired!
Why did the University of Oklahoma researcher  stay awake every night	He was trying to find a cure for insomnia.
Why does the little mermaid where sea shells	'Cause the B-shells were too small.
Why is six afraid of seven	Seven made six confused.
Why was the cookie monster arrested for computer hacking	?? He was in possession of all the ""COOKIES
Why did the bowling pins stop working	They went on strike!
Why can't ewoks yell in the house	Because they have to use their Endor voices.
Why are the police so corrupt	Because criminals keep turning themselves into the police.
Why do blonde girls have bruises around their belly buttons	Because blonde guys aren't that smart either
Why was the actor detained by airport security	He said he was in town to shoot a pilot.
Why does it see like fur is more hated than leather	Its easy to harass a 90lb aneroxic and walk away. It's a lot harder to do the same to the 250lb tattooed, long haired, biker.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why do women hate panty lines	Because like, it sucks waiting around for underwear.
Why did the chicken cross the playground	To get to the other slide. *bows*
Why is Italy shaped like a boot	Well, can't fit that much shit in a sneaker!
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Cause a sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey	He just kept getting nailed to the boards. Sorry too anyone offended, but come on, why are you here if you get offended. PS, Sorry Jesus, its funny!
Why wouldn't Samus go below Brinstar	Because she was a-Kraid to. Now I think about it, this joke is a bit more ""Riddle-y,"" than say an actual joke.
Why aren't kids under the age of 18 allowed to watch videos about duck calls without the consent of a parent	Because they contain a lot of fowl language.
Why did the whale cross the road	To get to the other tide.
Why is golf better than sex	It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes.
Why was the alligator sad	It had a kiddie meal but didn't get a toy.
Why did the run-on sentence take a pregnancy test	Because its period came too late.
Why are waiters terrible pornstars	They only want the tip
Why are double amputees always wrong	Because they don't have a leg to stand on. Note: I'm a right leg amputee and I made this up myself.
Why can't you surf on microwaves	Because they're too small.
Why do they eat snails in France	They don't like fastfood
Why did the Kurd bury his music collection	His tribesman said ""ISIL is approaching, and they're coming for Yazidis.
Why is their always lightning in France	Obviously, since lightning takes the path of least resistance.
Why don't cannibals eat the feet	Because they are lactoes intolerant. Told to me by my 12 year old.
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months	A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.
Why shouldn't you buy underwear made in the Ukraine	Because Chernobyl fallout.
Why are black people so fast	Because all the slow ones are in prison
Why did it rain on Christmas Eve	Because of Santa and his Raindeer.
Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies	For shits and giggles
Why is North Korea so polluted	They have supreme litter.
Why are native americans the best strippers	Because when they dance they make it rain.
Why did Simba's dad die in a stampede	Because he didn't Moofassa enough! Edit: general consensus was to add ""enough
Why did the chicken say, ""Meow, oink, bow-wow, moo	He was studying foreign languages.
Why was the guy from 127 Hours arrested for espionage	He was proven guilty of providing arms to Iraq
Why do ghosts carry tissues	Because they have BOOOOgers.
Why didn't Edward leave his house	Because he was Snowden.
Why do cannibals prefer to eat blind people	Because with one sense gone they taste really good. Sorry, that was wrong... they taste really well.
Why are assholes always more successful than you	Because they make shit happen.
Why did the hipster burn its tongue	Beacuse he drank the coffee before it was Cool
Why are ships' portholes round	So that if they break, water doesn't hit you square in the face.
Why did batman leave church	Because Christian Baled
Why did the Muslim cross the road	To get to the bigger crowd
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She was not wearing a seatbelt...
Why did the noodle hide from the other noodles	Because he was Alfredo pasta!
Why did the fork go to the party	It wanted to have a good tine.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a pedophile and 6 has children.
Why do dogs wag their tails	Because no one else will do it for them !
Why do terrorists hate wine	Because there are too many zinfandel's.
Why did the Senator get on Viagara	He wanted to achieve erection reform.
Why was Darth Vader so upset	He was looking for the Rebels in Aldeerwrong places...
Why is ""jizz"" such a great word	Because of how nicely it rolls off your tongue
Why don't Germans tell jokes about sausage	Because they are the wurst.
Why do Canadians like to do it doggy style	So they can both watch the hockey game :D
Why did the guitarist go to jail	For fingering a minor
Why do feminists hate the post the USPS	Cause it's an all mail business.
why the animale go to the store	chill"" with friends
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors	Because if it had four it'd be a chicken sedan.
Why did the worker on the egg farm get fired from his job	Because he had a crack addiction.
Why was the wildlife reserve worker weeping next to poached rhino	He liked his rhinos sunny side up.
Why do women like to be on top during sex	Because they're over cum with joy.
Why did the cowboy sleep with his saddle	In case of any night mares!
Why does Thor have insomnia	He's up all night to get Loki.
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells	She grew out of her B-shells.
Why are gold fish orange	The water makes them rusty !
Why did the numbers 25, 36, and 49 go to the dentist	For a square root canal
Why do canadians do it doggy style	So they can both watch the hockey game
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Why Latvian man did cross road	Man have no chicken. All animals are die in famine. Man cross to look for potato. No potato.
Why was the horse kicked out of the country western bar	He was a homosexual.
Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock	Because it was marble cake!
Why are Santa's balls so big	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because you wore the wrong sock.
Q: Why did the blonde drive into the ditch	A: To turn the blinker off.
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why did hitlers aircraft preform so badly after the invasion of russia	because they were stalin'
Why is life like a penis	Because Women make it hard!
Why did the blind man cross the road	Cuz he couldn't see it (Probly already posted but I've never seen it on r/jokes before)
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party	He was looking for a tight seal.
Why did the school bully kick the classroom computer	Someone told him he was supposed to boot up the system.
Why is the letter ""t"" so important to a stick insect	Without it would be a sick insect.
Why was the black man arrested	Good question.
Why was 10 traumatized	Because it was in the middle of 9/11
Why are cows always broke	The farmers milk them dry.
Why can't Abraham Lincoln be convicted for murder	Because he's in a cent.
Why do blacks keep on getting stronger	TVs are getting heavier.
Why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near	Just like me, they long to eat your sandwiches.
Why can't Australians play chess	They keep saying check, mate.
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only comes once a year
Why didn't the airline passenger check his vulture	Because it's a carrion bird.
Why do midgets refuse to wear tampons	Because they keep stepping on the string.
Why did the ghost go to the bar	For the BOOOOze.
Why do black people have white palms	There is little bit of good in all of us. p.s. not racist, my shadow is black.
Why is NASCAR so popular in the southern states	Because that's where the most racists are.
Why couldn't Moses believe his mother sent him away in a basket	Because he was in de-nile
Why does the Mexican man chain his dog away before the mailman comes	Because his panics.
Why does the easter bunny hide his eggs	He doesn't want anybody to know he fuc%ing the chicken
Why was the cat scared of the tree	Because of its bark
Why do men get circumcised	Because women GRAB anything 20% off!!
Why does Daredevil worry about getting fat	He never watches what he eats.
Why don't French people smile in pictures	The French word for ""cheese"" is ""fromage"".
Why are government buildings alike all around the world	free masonry.
Why is the pussy slit verticaly and not horizontaly	So it doesn't clap when running.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff	Tequila
Why did Bossy tell the cowpoke to leave her calf alone	She thought children should be seen and not herded!
Why did Serj Tankian cross the road	because he wanted to...
Why don't witches wear underwear	To get a better grip on the broom!...haha
Q: Why did the ghoul knit herself three socks	A: Because she grew another foot.
Q: Why does NASA hire peroxide blondes	A: They're doing research on black holes.
Why are there no Russian strippers	Cuz they tried to kill all the Poles
Why do presidents have unsatisfied wives	It takes four years to get an election.
Why are Mafia members so good at sex	Because they've always got a stiff in the trunk.
Why did the sperm cross the road	I wore the wrong socks.
Q:Why did hitler kill himself after he lost to russia	A:His whole world came Kremlin down
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	He wanted to win the No Bell Prize.
why can't you keep a jew in jail	they eat lox...
Why do you forget a tooth as soon as the  dentist pulls it out	Because it goes right out of your head.
Q: Why did the suspenders get arrested	A: Because they held up a pair of pants.
Why didn't blacks in 1850 give high-fives	Because everyone always left them hanging!
Why did the commuter want the carpool driver to take the bridge	To avoid car-pool tunnel!
Why did the lion get lost	Because jungle is massive
Why are some girls so odd	Because they can't even.
Why was drug addicted Moses upset when he was floating down a river	because he was in Da-Nile
Why don't the French have fireworks on Bastille day	because they would all surrender.
Why did the male ghost get scared after the female ghost said ""boo""	The male ghost wasn't ready for a committed relationship.
Why can nobody understand sausages when they talk	?? Because they speak in tongs. I'll show myself the door
Why are their no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre	Because the punchline is to long
Why didn't the cannibal eat Mike  Tyson	He thought he would give him a paunch!
Why didn't anyone react when the king farted	Because it was a noble gas
Why are poodles suspicious of strangers	Because they're afraid of running into a poodaphile.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any kids	Because every time his wife gets hot, he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel.
Why don't mathematicians ever get blackout drunk	They know their limits.
Why was the cowboy a lot of laughs	He was always horsing around.
Why did the pop band get cancer	They were radio active.
Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill	It ran out of juice.
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the hipster die	He thought breathing was too mainstream
Why are there so many good jokes about feminists	Well, they're huge targets...
Why did the guitarist get thrown in jail	He was caught fingering A Minor.
Why won't Derek Zoolander vote for Hillary Clinton	Because he can't turn left.
Why is the founder of Comcast going to purgatory	He met St. Peter at the pearly gates and St. Peter said was, ""Please hold. Your soul is very important to us.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the building	Te-quil-a
Why don't Germans play games with new players	Because they don't want to wreck Danubes.
Why you cannot think of landing a job or business without internet	No connection
Why did the redneck drive his pickup truck over the edge of a cliff	-- He wanted to test out his new air brakes.
Why are cowboys uncircumcised	So they have a place to put their chewing tobacco when they eat.
Why don't Game of Thrones characters tweet with Twitter	They were ravin' with Raven.
Why when you spill red wine on a carpet do you take the stain out with white wine	Because more alcohol is the solution to all problems.
Why can't a bike stand on its own	Because it's two tired.
Why did the sperm cross the road..	I accidentally put on the wrong sock today....
Why can't the pirate get to any subreddits	He keeps typing /arrr/
Why are there no penguins in Britain	They're scared of Wales.
Why are men so smart while having sex	Because they are plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
Why did the girl reject the landfill owner	His place is a dump
Why are Eskimos always alone	Because they like being ice-olated
Why is chili so annoying	Because it's always Jalopeno business.
Why the fuck did the programmer quit his job	Because he didn't get arrays. Hahah get it? arrays(a raise?) No..? :(
Why did Hitler kill himself	Because he saw his gas bill.
Why are there so many women archaeologists	Because women love digging up the past.
why was the broom late for work	he overswept!
Why did he do that	Who is she? What does that mean? When did that happen? Why? How? I need to go to the toilet. - Child, at the cinema
Why did the condom cross the road	Because he was pissed off.
Why are DJ's so bad at fishing	Because they're always dropping the Bass.
Why did the rich man go crazy	He had one-million dollars, but no cents.
Why are black people so tall	Because their knee-grows
Why does the indian rain dance always work	Becuase they keep dancing until it works.
Why doesn't a chicken wear underwear	Because his pecker is on his face!
Why do Avon Ladies walk funny	Their lipstick.
Why didn't Natalie Wood take a shower on the boat	She wanted to wash up on shore
Why doesn't Shirley Manson change her Facebook relationship status	She's only happy when ""It's Complicated.
Why do girls like guys who wear shirts with eight buttons	They fascinate.
Why is the mushroom so popular	Because he's such a fungi.
Why did the hipster... Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the hot coffee	Because he drank it before it was cool.
Why were the German tomatoes drunk	Because they'd been on the vine.
Why do rabbits always get banned from CS:GO	Because they're always bunny-hopping.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because you stole daddys car! Why you steal daddys car?! (chappie joke I stole from youtube)
Why is Mike Pence magic	He can turn fruits to vegetables
why are Jews so good at studying	cause they went to concentration camp !
Why did the palm tree win the plant race	It was the first to Sago.
Why did Ahmed take his clock to school	He wanted to see time fly
Why did the cyclops quit his job as a teacher	He only had one pupil.
Why was the snowman smiling	...he saw a snowblower coming up the street.
Why is Jennie McCarthy so bad at RPG's	The last time her son had a healing potion he lost 15 IQ Points.
Why did the turkey cross the road	To prove he wasn't a chicken.
Why does a girl who uses chewing tobacco give the best head	Because she's knows what to spit and what to swallow.
Why do slovaks don't like Czechs	They prefer cash.
Why did the comedian go to doctor	Because the audience gave him the clap
Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the party	A: He had no body to go with.
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet	Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
Why the USA get silver in synchronized diving	Because Steele Johnson always comes second.
Why do beta fish fight each other	Because they're trying to figure out who's the betta fish
Why did the cows keep returning to the field of marijuana	It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Why couldn't the skeleton pay his bus fare	Because he was skint.
Why do black men hate posting on reddit	Because they can't deny that their comment was the parent.
Why was the blond late on her first day of work	Because she stopped taking the pill about a month earlier.
Why did the photographer get arrested	He was charged with shooting kids and framing the parents.
Why doesn't Bill Cosby like women's flip flops	...because he can't lace them.
Why did Hitler need to get a new car	His was Stalin.
Why do fat people say they have to start eating right	They've obviously mastered the art of chewing and swallowing.
Why was the centipede dropped from the insect  football team	He took too long to put his boots on !
Why do Scottish men wear kilts	Sheep can hear zippers.
Why was Cloud trying to cheer up Sky	He looked a little blue
Why do Mexicans love six flags ...	Because they can get a abortion and go on rides
Why did the boy fall off the bike	Someone threw a fridge at him.... Gold
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill first thing in the morning	She wants to be the first lady.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his cup of free-trade coffee	Because he started drinking it before it was cool.
Why wouldn't the shrimp share his toys	Because he is a little shellfish.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	It was known for blowing up for no reason
Why Trump is the most religious president in United States history	He got Every Juan praying!
Why did the devil buy so many shoes	He wanted their soles.
Why do Women rub their eyes when they wake up	(NSFW) A: They don't have balls to scratch!!
Why does Bono sing acapella when he's feeling down	It takes the edge off it
Why do Jews have big noses	Why not? Air is free anyway!
Why do bananas get all the ladies	Because they have appeal
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President	Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement
Why do credit cards not work in France	They don't understand the concept of charging.
Why can't people in wheelchairs be looked at for too long	The can't handle stares.
Q: Why are elephants gray	A: So you don't get them confused with blueberries.
Why are female schoolteachers always so angry	They have periods every half hour!
Why is the Canadian Mint so confusing	Because they don't make any cents.
Why does the police officer get up early in the morning	To beat the crowds.
Why did the chicken kill himself	To get to the other side.
Why do asians have such squinty eyes	Because atomic bombs are pretty bright.
Why are the British known for keeping a stiff upper lip	Because it hides their teeth.
Why do Chicken Coops have two doors	Because if they had four doors, they would be a chicken sedan. *slaps knee*
Why are rivers lazy	Because they never get off their beds.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Bcuz 7 8 9!
Why did the detective wear a patch on his left eye	It's his private eye.
Why did the snail cross the road	It is not clear yet , let it cross the road first. Update : It has been confirmed that it was to meet the Chicken who crossed the road earlier.
Q: Why did the haunted house not like rain	A: Because it dampened his spirits.
Why did the cowboy get a daschund	Because he wanted to ""get a long little doggie
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	..because it was dead
Why did the hipster fail making ice cubes for his bourbon	Because he pulled out the tray before it was cool
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party	Because he was a fungi
Why is the all-lisp percussion section so quiet	Because thimbles aren't very loud.
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund	Cause he was told to get a long little doggy.
Why are condors such efficient fliers	All their luggage is carrion.
Why can't you trust atoms	Because they make up everything.
Why did the blonde cross the road	I don't  know. Neither did she!
Why are aussie bogans and necrophiliacs the same	They both want to crack open a cold one.
Why did the period and and semicolon break up	Because they had nothing in comma
Why did the chicken dance with a fig	It couldn't get a date.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get away from Tyson.
Why does Bernie know he'll win the elections	Because his good friend Nostradamus told him he would.
Why do Asian parents never have a white baby	Cause two Wongs don't make a white
Why did the chicken cross the road	To show the deer how it's done.
Why did Joseph Goebbels own a pair of binoculars	For proper gander purposes.
Why did the chicken cross the road	*To get to the other side.*
Why do bees have sticky hair	They use honeycombs.
Why shouldn't you tell a story to a solipsist	Because they won't believe it.
Why did the Dick go to the 7-11	To get a Slurpee!
Why aren't there any jokes about Jonestown	The punchline was too long
Why Aren't Elephants Allowed On The Beach	... Because they always blow their trunks off!
Why are waste facility managers so successful	Because they're always on top of their shit!
Why did the adobe acrobat document go to jail	Because it was a pdf file.
Why couldn't Miss Piggy count to 70	She got a frog stuck in her throat at 69.
Why do hipsters only use the microwave	Because they don't like conventional ovens.
Why did the condom hit the wall	It was pissed off.
why did the 2016 presidential election suck	It was a real Hack job.
why did double and triple dog dares go of out style	it's win-win. you either see your friends do stupid things or you win two to three dogs
Why Did 9Gag Cross The Road	To steal a Reddit User's post on the other side.
Why are so many Germans into scat	Because they appreciate the creativity and artistry of Ella Fitzgerald, and enjoy listening to her music..... while pooping on each other.
Why the hell do they call it fruit punch, like where do they get ""punch"" fr	. *gets knocked out by a grapefruit*
Why don't vegans eat chicken	Because it contains egg...
Why did the mafia cross the road	Hey forget about it
Why are men smarter during sex	Because they're plugged into a fucking know it all
Q: Why was the blondes' belly button sore	A: Because her boyfriend was blonde too.
Why do black men weep when they make love to white women	Mace.
Why would you put a laxative In pot brownies	Shits and giggles.
Why does the Pirate Wear Camouflage Underwear	To hide his booty.
Why cant you suprise a snow man	Because its an inanimate object.
Why was the baby strawberry sad	His mom was in a jam.
Why does a 6 oz hamburger have less energy than a 6 oz steak	Because the hamburger is in the ground state.
Why do scuba divers jump off the boat backwards	Because if they jumped forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Why is called a Pap Smear	Sounds better than a Cunt Scrape
Why are feet so funny	Because they're ""heel areas"" ... I'll show myself out
Why did the bride's best friend become a Samurai...	because she was made of honour.
Why did John Snow get an iPhone	For the watch.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why are bodybuilders the best the best partners	Because with them it always works out.
Why are turds tapered	So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
Why women fail at saving money	Have you ever seen a money-box (piggy bank) with a hole at the bottom...
Why will the columbine high basket ball team lose the tournament	Because they lost their 2 best shooters
Why did the black man wipe his ass	Niggers and poo are the same thing!!!!!
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the bathroom	Because dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago.
Why did the scuba diver drop out of graduate school	Because he was always below a C
Why didn't the astronauts stay on the moon	Because it was a full moon and there was no room.
Why did the farmer put his cow on the scales	He wanted to see how much the milky weighed!
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a well known six offender.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a six offender!
Why aren't the Williams sisters competing against Michael Phelps	Black people can't swim.
Why did 7 8 9	...Fuck
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book	They all have phones.
Why do all the best golfers keeping buying socks	They get a hole in one!
Why can't some snakes get boners	Because they have a reptile dysfunction.
Why did Chewbacca cross the road	WWWRRRRRRGWWWRRRR!
Why are jalapenos so annoying	Because they get jalapeno business.
Why did the vampire go to hospital	He wanted his ghoulstones removed.
Why hasn't Joe entered the race yet	He's just Biden his time.
Why does Santa have a large sack	Because he only cums once a year
Why did the Canadian die after eating at an Olive Garden in Texas	He ordered ""eh bowl a"" soup.
Why are people still calling my phone I thought we covered this at orientation	..
Why don't you say grace when eating Chinese food	Because they run you over with a tank if you do. Found this on Becker, didn't know if I should put this here or goingtohellforthis
Why did the Jedi kill his master	To get to the other side.
Why did the blind lady fall into a well	Because she couldn't see that well. *crickets, crickets*
Why are Mexicans good at bow hunting	Because they hav-an-arrow! :D
Why do cows huddle together when it rains	To keep each udder dry Courtesy of my significant other
Why do chemists call helium, curium, and barium 'the medical elements'	Because, if you can't 'helium' or 'curium', you 'BARIUM'!
Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only ""comes"" once a year
Why are there no feminists in Japan	Because they hunt whales.
Why did the dead baby cross the road	It was attached to my bumper...
Why does Hellen Keller use two hands for masturbation	One to masturbate, one to moan.
Why was the centipede late	Because he was playing ""This little Piggy"" with his baby brother !
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To get to the retards house. **knock knock
Why are French overweight homosexuals always tired	Because they are fatty gay
Why does everyone hate German sausage jokes	Because they're the wurst.
Why all Pascal programmers ask to live in  Atlantis	Because it is below C level.
Why can Stephen Hawking only do one liners	Because he can't do stand ups
Why did Johnny Cash have the Cocaine Blues	He ran out of cocaine.
Why did I join Twitter	Well I was sick of only being hated by coworkers and family so I wanted to branch out.
Why do baby boomers like fracking so much	Because figuratively breaking the country apart isn't enough.
Why were the vets and pounds mad	It was raining cats and dogs
Why did Lindsay Lohan walk into a movie theater	She heard there were free shots.
Why did u eat it	?? A lady was pregnant. Her son asked her ""Mom, What's in u'r tummy?"" Mom answered ""Its a sweet, lovely baby."" Son says, ""If the baby is so sweet and lovely then WHY DID U EAT IT???
Why do Italians wear gold necklaces	So they know where to stop shaving
Why do doctors slap babies' butts right after they're born	To knock the penises off the smart ones.
Why did the bat miss the bus	Because he hung around for too long.
Why is an apple a Dalek's favourite fruit	Because it keeps the Doctor away!
Why did the billionaire keep winning at Poker	He played his Trump card.
Why doesn't orange rhyme with anything	Because it's a Mandarin word
Why didn't the shrimp share his food	? He was a little shellfish
Why is it called Windows 10	Because 7 8 9.
Why was the Polaroid fanfiction ignored by the photography community	Because it wasn't Canon.
Why aren't lions cannibals	They can't swallow their pride.
Why are so many lesbians vegetarian	Because they don't like to eat meat (   )
Why are black people good at basketball	Because they can run, shoot and steal at the same time.
Why do airplanes have to go around the sweatpants factory	Because it's a NO FLY zone!
Why is the ocean salty	Because land doesn't wave back.
Why are dyslexic zombies such good plumbers	Because they're always looking for drains.
Why is cocaine the alt-right's favorite drug	White powder!
Why did Mary Magdalene have an affair with Jesus	She heard about his second coming
Why are gardeners good at spreading religion.	Because they can plant churches.
Why did Tiger Woods parents name him Tiger	Because he's half Thai, half African American. (Get it? It's funny cuz racisim.)
Why do crows do vocal exercises every morning	For the Good of the Caws.
Why do vegans don't like to kiss	? It gives them butterflies in their stomach
Why does it take 10 women with premenstrual tension to change a light bulb	IT JUST DOES, OK JERK?!!!! NOW SHUT UP OR I WILL STAB YOU WITH THE SCISSORS!
Why did the fox cross the road	It was chassing after the chicken!
Why did Bilbo Baggins live for so long	Because old Hobbits die hard...
Why don't the citizens of Boston build igloos	Meh. They just aren't in' uit.
Why did Tiger Woods cheat on his wife	He's used to playing 18 holes.
Why is gay marriage still a thing	Because people are fucking assholes
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car	Because she's dead.
Why did the flume ride need repairs	Because it got waterlogged.
Why do owls not mate when it's raining	Toowet Towoo
Why do chicken coops have 2 doors	Because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!
Why did the AC wave try to hang himself	He was sinusoidal.
Why do husbands typically die before their wives	They want to.
Why did the Mexican Army only bring 5000 soldiers to the Alamo	They only had 2 vans
Why does the US name Arkansas Arkansas	Because Its Arkansas not YourKansas
Why don't Southern girls engage in orgies	Too many thank-you notes.
Why is thanksgiving such a special holiday at the gas station	It is a day to be tankful.
Why did the dyslexic man have slime on his face	Because I told him a good joke.
Why do French tanks have review mirrors	Because they want to see the front line too
Why are there so many female archaeologist	Bitches love digging up the past
Why do vampires hate Texas Roadhouse	They can not stand stakes!
Why did the lettuce blush	Because he saw the salad dressing
Why doesn't Monica Lewinsky like going to the doctor	He always shoves a Bill down her throat!
Why can't two Asian parents have a Caucasian baby	Two Wongs don't make a white
why do gorillas have such big nostrils	because they have big fingers
Why did the pirate put springs on his treasure chest	He wanted to see that booty bounce.
Why don't women blink during sex	They don't have time!
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight	They don't fancy each other.
Why do we hit things when they don't work	Because it worked with slavery
Why do witches laugh when they ride their brooms	because they're not wearing any panties.
Why do airplanes manufactured in Spain have windshield wipers on the inside	Because the rain in Spain falls mostly in the plain.
Why did the kid with muscular dystrophy want to be an astronaut, a doctor, a lawyer, and a NASCAR driver when he grew up	He had a lot of aspirations.
Why did the rabbit cross the road	Because the chicken had his Easter eggs!
why did the possum cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why did God invent yeast infections	[NSFW] So women would know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt.
Why are all lesbians ill	They lack vitamin D
Why did Yogi Bear only have a collar and a tie, and not a full dress shirt	*Patiently waits as you all Google pics of Yogi Bear*
Why do so many American tourists end up in eastern Europe	They get Hungary so they go for Turkey.
Why is an aborted baby so hard to fool	Because It wasn't born yesterday.
Why did the man lose his job in a fruit packing  firm	He kept throwing the bent bananas away.
Why were Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul so good in Breaking Bad	They were meth-od acting.
Why does Beyonce sing ""To the left, to the left	Because black people have no rights
Why is peter pan always flying	He neverlands I like this joke because it never grows old This joke is off the hook Sorry
Why did the french man put a bomb on his kitchen floor	Because he wanted to see Linoleum Blownapart.
Why are cars faster than motorcycles	Because motorcycles are two tired.
Why are women so bad at parking	Because they've been lied to about what 8 inches look like their whole lives.
Q: Why don't violists play hide and seek	A: Because no one will look for them.
Why is it called an XBox One	Because when you see it, you spin one degree and walk away.
Why did the basketball receive medical attention	He was passed out.
Why shouldn't anybody help cats down a tree	Because they're stuck up
Why did the guy not draw a circle	Because there was no point.
Why doesn't Stephen Hawking need a wife	Because he has his own shoulder to cry on. Edit: all credit goes to /u/Earleebird who posted it in a comment in /r/oldschoolcool
Why did italy cross the road	To switch sides
Why did he cross back	So he could charge the client for travel expenses.
Why does pooping get more intense while you're listening to music	Because it's logarythmic.
Why do Christian bands only record with Pro Tools	Because they don't understand how to use Logic or Reason.
Why did they not allow farmers in Greece	They got tired of all the minotaurs.
Why is fishing dangerous	Sometimes, there's a catch
Why was the beach wet	Because the sea-weed.
Why do people browse reddit on the toilet	For shits n' giggles.
Why can't Matthew McConaughey make a left turn	Because he's *alright alright alright*.
Why is a duck when it's round	Because the farther it flies, the fewer.
Why couldn't Adam stop Cain from killing his brother	Because he wasn't Abel.
Why'd the hipster burn his mouth	He had his soup before it was cool.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side. Why did the black guy cross the road? To kill the chicken and eat it!
Why do businesses move to India	Because they worship prophets!
Why couldn't the life guard save the hippie	He was too far out, man.
Why do white girls help fight heartburn	Because they're so basic.
Why is Viagra like Disneyworld	- You have to wait an hour for a three minute ride
Why can't you see elephants hiding in trees	...because they are hiding
Why shouldn't you kiss someone on January 1st	because its the first date
Why can't blondes count to 70	Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Why do women live on average two years longer	Because the time they spend parking doesn't count
Why did the horny girl go to Subway	For a $5 footlong.
Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why would you pay $80 for a bra at Victoria's Secret when I will hold your boobs up all day for half that	!
Why did the Scarecrow lose the debate	All he had was a straw-man argument.
Why was the Butcher depressed	Because his life was in shambles.
Why did the condom go flying through the air	He was pissed off. (It took me an embarrassing amount of time to get this one.)
Why did Adele cross the road	So she could say hello from the other side (If this has already been posted I might cry I thought I made this all up on my own haha)
Why was 6 afraid of 7	7 did 9/11
Why are chemists such whores	They keep talking about their nitrates
Why the Xelerator is better than the Airblade	.. Dyson only makes products that suck.
Why is Jeb! Bush still running for president	Because the Bush family thinks that no child should be left behind.
Why is [friend's name] always on the bottom	Because they won't stop fucking up
Why was Plutarch considered a great comedian	He was the first to practice dead-pan-delivery.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	because the 'p' is silent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he never never lands!
Why did Mary fell from the swing	Because she hasn't got arms !
Why didn't the hipster have HIV	He fucked Charlie Sheen before he was cool.
Why do trash pandas always get into a fight	They trash talk.
Q: Why did the fly fly	A: Because the spider spied her.
Why people use Twitter:	because updating 100 times a day on Facebook is not socially acceptable.
Why can you never get caught with a 0 in math	because cot(0) doesn't exist ... This joke... it burns my eyes...
Why did the pirate become a tenor	Because he has a lot of experience on the high C.
Why is it easy to break in to an old man's  house	Because his gait is broken and his locks are few.
Why are Werewolves such pessimists	They refuse to look at the silver lining.
Why can't astronauts stay in a long term relationship	They need space.
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election	To Make America Great Again
Why does James Bond keep telling people his real name	Worst. Spy. Ever.
why does a fly hang upside down	to take the weight of its feet.
Why don't violists get stressed	Because they have nothing to fret about!
Why does everyone keep saying the Boston Marathon was a tragedy	I heard everybody had a blast.
Why are women dressed white on their wedding day	because all good kitchen appliances come in white.
Why cant Ray Charles see his friends	Because he's ~~Blind~~ Married
Why is NASA having a lawsuit filed against them from animal protection	...because curiosty killed the cat
why did both ass-cheeks get fired from work	One was always left behind causing the other to half-ass everything
Why don't women have men's brains	Because they don't have penises to put them in.
Why don't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	Because it's *P* is silent....
why cant Paul Walker use tumblr	He only sticks to the dashboard
Why doesn't a rooster wear underwear	becuase his peckers on his head
Why does the new French navy have glass bottom ships	So they can see the old French navy.
Why did Helen Keller try lsd	Because she was told it makes you see things!
Why do people leave letters at the football ground	They want to catch the last goal-post !
Why do trees shed their leaves in fall	Because they've had their chloro-fill.
Why is my girlfriend like a deep fat fryer	They're both dangerously hot and belong in the kitchen.
Why does the dog go to the gym	He wants to get ruff
Why did the contraceptive fly across the room	It got pissed off. . (I'll get my coat...)
Why did Bowie die	I guess he was shot through the heart
Why did the pasta chef take his car into the body shop	Cause it got al dente'd up!
Why did the bear eat his own arms	They were made of honey.
Why was the butcher fired	Because he was caught *beating his meat*!
Why don't men have mid-life crises	They stay stuck in adolescence.
Why couldn't stevie wonder drive the bus	There's no steering wheel in the back of the bus.
Why are commercial flights always cheaper for vultures	All their luggage is carrion.
Why don't Pirates get invited to Birthday parties	Because they always steal doubloons
Why did the meteorologist bring a bar of soap to work	He was expecting showers.
Why does Sean Connery have no money and a beard	Because he's no good at shaving.
Why is it never safe to tell a joke about corn	A corn has ears.
Why did no one like the Eskimo accountant	Because he was cold and calculating.
Why do no communists drink Earl Grey tea	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why does the homeless man only drink coffee	He had no proper tea..
Why could the witch never get the enchantments right	She forgot to use Spell Check.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 ate the headphone jack.
Why did the chicken cross the road	It was actually a double cross. He had to cross the road in order to gain the trust of the other side.
[drinks milk from carton] WHY AREN'T YOU USING A GLASS	!? ""I went to the eye doctor"" What does that mean? ""He said I don't need glasses
Why won't alligators attack lawyers	Professional courtesy
Why can't gingers run	Because they have no soles
Why did Jesus get a ticket	He tried to skip the Cross walk.
Why do the versions of Windows jump from 8 to 10	Because no one wanted Windows Nein!
Why did the Irishman put 239 beans in the soup pot	Because any more would be too farty.
Why was the empty penis so scary	Because it was a hollow wiener (halloweener) [works better spoken - I think - just made it up in the shower]
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide	Artificial Intelligence.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory	She threw away all of the W's.
Why should you never make fun of fat people who have lisps	They're thick and tired of it
Why wouldn't you laugh at punch lines in a circle-jerk	You'd see them coming.
Why did the bicycle fall over	It was two-tyred. Alexa gave me that one. Bing Bang boom.
Why do you get ebola from a feminist	Because they don't shave, going down on them would be basically eating bushmeat.
Why did Caitlyn Jenner have a differently spelled version of Caitlin	Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome
Why a man should ever want to marry a woman is a mystery	Why a man should ever want to marry 2 women is a bigamistery.
Why is the space between a woman's chest and her hips called a waist	Because you could easily fit another pair of tits in there.
Why are surveyors so much fun	Because most of them are party chiefs.
Why hasn't Mexico got an Olympic team	Because the ones who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S
Why is a praying muslim like apple pie with ice cream	Both are in *a la mode*.
Why are Jew's noses so big	Because air is free.
Why do men pay more for car insurance	Women don't get blowjobs while they're driving.
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Because a Jewish woman won't touch anything unless it's 50% off.
Why aren't sumos chummy with racecar drivers	They move in different circles.
Why are ska bands so clean	They always pick it up pick it up pick it up.
why doesn't mexico have an olympic team	because everybody that can run, swim or jump in in the united states...
Why did Michael Jackson call Boyz II Men	Because he thought it was a delivery service.
Why has Santa Claus such a big sack	Because he only comes once a year.
Why didn't the Asian man cry when his wife died	Because he just couldn't bereave it.
why dont jewish people like getting made fun of	Because millions of them already got roasted
Why did the Orange stop rolling	It ran out of juice!!!
Why did the girl get grumpy after anal sex	She was butthurt.
Why do Computer Scientists always mix up Halloween and Christmas	Because OCT 31 = DEC 25!
Why does the bad guy always have to know some form of martial art	Why cant they just throw stuff while screaming ""stay away from me!
Why don't professional athletes ride bikes to warm-up before games	Because then they'd be two tired
Why is Santa's sack so big	?? Well, he only cums once a year...
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft	Classical Conditioning (told by my psychologist student friend that is not on reddit, so all credit to him)
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo' drizzle
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact	They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
Why is the mathematician mad	Because he's a calcul-hater.
Why couldn't the Pokemon tell a joke	Because he fainted.
Why didn't Trump drown	Because shit floats.
Why did hitler commit suicide	He saw the gas bill.
Why did the dog's friends send her home from the bar when she started to act strange	They thought she might have been slipped a woofie.
Why do lesbians have cats	They're into pussies.(;
Why can't you ever trust a cat	Because they are always lion
Why did ancient Egyptians love beans	They made Tootin' Common.
Why do mules not work as hard as horses	Because they're half-assed!
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer	Because he couldn't take a shot to the head.
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer	Because he couldn't take a shot to the head!
Why do Russians have so many bear fighting stories	Because their liquor is strong and their women are hairy.
Why dont Demons fear oxidation	Because there's no rust for the wicked
Why did the man take a pencil to bed	To draw the curtains !
Why does the spanish dude keep walking left	Because izquierda going right.
Why is B so cool	Because it is next to the AC
why did the lion win the race	because he mufasa.
Why do they call it PMS	Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Why do melons have traditional weddings	Because they can't elope!
Why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party	He was a square.
Why did the feminist fail in programming	She hated objectification.
Why did Sally fall down the hill	I pushed her.
Why did the train sound effect album get derailed	The tracks were unfinished.
Why are clothes so expensive	I shouldn't have to pay so much to not be naked. Other people should pay me not to be naked.
Why Marriage is Difficult Marriage is really tough	because you have to deal with feelings ... and lawyers.
Why are peppers irritating	Because they're jalapeno business!
Why did Trump call for a ban on all llamas entering the US	because he isllamaphobic
Why couldn't the artist get a driver's license	He gave off a good Impression, but couldn't make a Van Gogh.
Why couldn't Beethoven find his music teacher	He was Haydn
Why would you wrap a hamster in duct tape	So it doesn't explode when you're fucking it.
Why was Jimmy so excited to go to Clown College	He got a fool scholarship.
Why does the lead singer of Sublime hate tennis	Cause love is what I got
Why do Americans hate sunlight	Because it's yellow and settles on their land too. And it melts snow.
Why is it so hard to find good posts on NSFW subreddits	Because every post is a sticky post.
Why do Asian girls have small boobs	Because only A's are acceptable.
Why do pirates wake up early on Saturday	To watch Dablooney Toons!
Why don't kids like cheesy jokes	... they're too mature for their taste
Q: Why did the boy throw his clock out the window	A: He wanted to see time fly.
Why do writers hate the bible	It has terrible characters, Noah is the only one with an arc.
Why does China have such a large population	?? Because their condoms were Made in China.
Why did the emo chicken go across the road	He was afraid to go down the tracks.
Why didn't the witch wear panties	... So she could grip the broom better.
Why did Beethoven hate Mozart	Because Mozart stabbed him in the Bach.
Why I hate 9/11..... I hate 9/11	because my cousins died doing their favorite thing... Flying Planes.
Why are marines who can't swim better	They defend the ship with way more enthusiasm.
Why didn't the white officer shoot the black guy	Just kidding he did
Why didn't Stalin look both ways before he crossed the road	He was rushin'
Why was Hitler doomed to fail	because jew wrongs don't make a riech
Why shouldn't you drink Pepsi or Coke before you turn 18	Because they are A-Rated . . . . . . (Aerated) for the dumbasses
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom	Because the P is silent.
[Pun] Why did Henry invent the assembly line	He couldn't a-Ford not to. *bad-dum tish*
Why don't robots have any brothers	They all have transisters.
Why did the lost tourist cross the road	The chicken looked like he knew where he was going.
Why Did The Hedgehog Cross The Road	Because he wanted to see his flat mate.
Why were the racist oranges upset when they checked out the small phonebook of their new city	Because it was mini apple list.
Why your oven doesn't attend an university	It already has at least hundred degrees
Why is my penis nicknamed Johnny Depp	Because I pirate so many pornos. Edit: I don't know how to add the nsfw tag sorry.
Why were Democrats in the lead early on	Republicans weren't off of work yet.
Why is a shooting star better than a hamburger	It's meteor.
Why did the polygons of Geometric Grove disapprove of their new triangle neighbor	He was a degenerate triangle.
Why the Spainish love English class	... Essays
Why did the poor art collector only buy miniature paintings	He wanted more Monet in his wallet.
Why should I date you	Girl - Give me 1 good reason, why I should date you? Guy - I'll give you 69.
Why is it so hard to pull over on the Pirate Highway	Because there's a parrot on the shoulder.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fouls
Why is Donald Trump always seen with Melania	Because all his other wives support Hilary
Why are ghosts always dehydrated	They have a lot of boos but no water
Why do Irish women have small nipples	If they were any bigger their babies would get alcohol poisoning.
Why did the book join the police	He wanted to work undercover.
why do females love old gynecologists...	because of their shaky fingers
Why did the farmer name his pig Ink	Because he kept running out of the pen.
Why did James Gandolfini die of a heart attack	Because he was fat.
Why do women have orgasms	Just another reason to moan really.
Why do so many girls wear sweaters that say 'SuperDry'	.. It's not like us boys wear sweaters saying 'micropenis'
Why did the bike not go to the gym	BECAUSE IT WAS TOO TIRED :D:D:D:D:D:D
Why are Dutch people so tall	The short ones drowned in the floods
Why do North Korean statesmen make for bad lovers	Because they won't hold a public erection.
Why do people in France have to eat frog legs that ""taste like chicken""	If they eat real chicken they'll be arrested for cannibalism. Edit: grammar
Why could the chef not cook a tree branch	Because he used a non-stick pan.
Why can't the hydraulic press guy bring himself to crush a can of sprite	Because it's soda pressing
Why did Frodo set his phone to vibrate	He was afraid the ring would give him away.
Q: Why did the Boy Scout take up the  banjo	A: They make good paddles.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate	Because of the silent P.
Why could Don Juan always pick up girls in his car	It was electric. Also, the car had a set of hands.
Why did the doctor kick his patients	He was trying to heel them.
Why are crime rates down in the US	Because criminals keep turning themselves into police.
Why can't pedophiles eat butter	It will raise their molesterol.
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10 and skip 9	Because Windows 8 9.
Why did Tigger get stuck in the toilet	He was looking for pooh.
Q: Why couldn't the faucet be within 100 feet of the pasta bowl	A: There was a restraining order.
Why do men die before their wives	- They want to.
Why did the mouse eat a candle	For some light refreshment!
Why did the punk cross the road	He was stapled to the chicken.
Why do men like breasts so much	They prove men can concentrate on two things at once.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a registered child molester.
Why did the chicken cross the road	KANYE WEST - Beyonce should have crossed the road, not the chicken!
Why is Santa's Sack So Big	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the man wear a diaper to the bar	So he could save his stool.
Why don't blind people go skydiving	It scares their dogs.
Why is it never hot in churches	Because it's prayer conditioned. I'll leave now....
Why can't Stephen Hawking dance	Because he's white.
Why are oceans called ""The High Seas""	Because of all the seaweed!
Why does Sia live in a low-rent apartment	She loves cheap bills
Why did the New Yorker sleep under an oil tank	He wanted to wake up oily.
Why are there no aspirin in the jungle	The parrots eat em all (Paracetamol)
Why are Saturday and Sunday strong	Because all the other days are week days.
Why do boys walk fast and girls speak more	Because boys have one extra leg and girls have one extra mouth.
Why did the physicist masturbate to the electron	It was in the excited state.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	Because he was outstanding in his field! The job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in his jeans.
Why was Chuck Norris born by her aunt	Because no one dared to fuck his mother...
Why does Elmer Fudd only let Bug's Bunny eat snickers bars	Because silly wabbit, twix are for kids!
Why is King Joffrey like a mattress	Two twins make a King.
Why did the narcissistic cannibal end up in the hospital	Because he was so full of himself.
Why did the engineer buy a mattress	To sleep under it
Why do they call it Anal Bleaching	Surely it should be called changing your Ring Tone.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they are ugly and smell bad.
Why are pills white	Because they work.
Why had the two algae never had sex	Because they had a planktonic relationship.
Why didn't the bear from the revenant win the Oscar	Because it would've torn Leo up to receive another Oscar loss
Why is a firetruck red	You'd be red too if you had your hose stretched that far
Why did the chicken go to the bathroom	That's where all the cocks hang out.
Why do Africans get scared when they get diarrhea	Because they think they are melting....
Why couldn't the incontinent man print his documents	He couldn't Ctrl+P
Why Can't You Play UNO With Mexicans	They keep stealing the goddamn green cards.
Why did Night fall	Because Day tripped him.
Why is Starbuck's coffee so high on the pH scale	It's the most basic drink there is.
Why do Taiwanese students always do so well on their standardized tests	They've got a Taipei personality
Why did the gay man get fired from his job at the sperm bank	He was drinking on the job.
Why are gay men so rude	Because they're fucking assholes.
Why did the kangaroo love the little  Australian bear	Because the bear had many fine koala-ties!
Why was the Queen of Horses hated by her subjects	Because she was too ahoof.
Why don't paperclips move around a lot	They like being stationery.
Why do Germans fear hotdogs with cheese	Because for them, it is a Wurst-Kase scenario.
Why is Bill Cosby like the The Wizard of Oz	Cosby Cosby Cosby Cosby cos, because of the wonderful things he drugs
Why did the baker have smelly hands	...because he kneaded a poo.
Why is a Christmas tree like a bridegroom	After the big day, its balls are the first thing to come off.
Why didn't the feminist picnic work out	because they all refused to make sandwiches.
Why did the investment bankers start dating	Compound interest
Why was Noah such a compelling character	He had a good ark.
Why Donald Trump might win the election but resign on the first day	He finds out he has to move in to a small house in a black neighborhood!
Q: Why couldn't Batman go fishing	A: Because Robin ate the worms.
Why don't mexicans have barbeques	the beans keep slipping through the grill.
Why do elephants hide behind trees	To trip ants.
Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house	He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.
Why did the scare crow win the award	He was out standing in his field. This has Always been my favourite pun.
Why don't men have mid-life crises	They stay stuck in adolescence.
Why is Santa always happy	Because he knows where the naughty girls live. (a kid told me this one)
Why do smarter people last longer when having sex	Because it takes twice as long to fuck their brains out
Why do squirrels have bushy tails	To keep their nuts warm.
Q: Why did the boy take a ruler to bed with him	A: To see how long he slept.
Why are most male politicians gay	They can only mandate.
Why can't the blonde get her drivers license	Everytime the car stops, she wants to jump in the backseat.
Why did the orange go to the doctor	Because she wasn't peeling very well... All credit to my 8 yo son who suggested I post it here
Why do men chase women they have no intention of marrying	For the same reason dogs chase cars they have no intention of  driving...
Why did the girl bring 2 basketballs to the basketball game	Because there was 2 basketball courts. DUH!
Why can't Boy Scouts be MLG	Because they're campers.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She didn't have her seatbelt on
Why did the people not like the restaurant on the moon	There was no atmosphere
Why don't gays like to play hide-and-seek	Because everyone knows they're in the closet
Why did the feminist cross the road	To shout and scream at a gentleman who held the door for a lady.
Q: Why does a dog wag it's tail	- A: No one else will do it for them
Why are hurricane names female	because they are destructive until you go inssiiiddee.... came up with this while i was on the water
Why can't the Philippines field an ice hockey team	The players all drowned in spring training.
Why did the chewing gum cross the road	'Cause I stepped on it.
Q: Why is a train like a stick of gum	A: One goes choo-choo; the other goes chew-chew.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists	Their shaky hands!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be baygulls. I'm sorry
Why do people shoot up schools	Because it increases the average IQ of the world. It's a public service.
Why can't ghosts have babies	Because they have Hollow-Weenies!
Why do they call camels 'ships of the desert'	Because they are full of Arab semen.
Why did the little pig hide the soap	He heard the farmer yell ""Hogwash!
Why hasn't there been a Mexican Disney Princess	Because everyone would just think it's a quinceanera
Why do you never play uno with a mexican	Because they will steal all the green cards.
Why is Santa Claus so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live. I actually heard this in the video game LA Noire. Thought it was pretty funny so I bust it out every Christmas.
why was Pavlov's hair so soft	classical conditioning.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He ate his food before it was cool
Why do women watch porn films until the end	To see if they get married
Why did the cellist have to sell his instrument	He was baroque.
Q: Why do men float better than women	A: Because they are scum.
Why does it have to be a white Christmas	#BlackChristmasMatters
Why was the snake soft	He had reptile dysfunction.
Why is the book ""Women Who Love Too Much"" a disappointment for many men	No phone numbers.
Why would anyone want to be a masochist	Beats me
Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz	It saves so much time.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9 and go straight to 10	Because seven ""ate"" nine.
Why is Uhura black	Because William shat on her.
why do woman get periods	because they deserve them
Why did the top bun and bottom bun of the Big Mac get in a fight	There was bad beef between them
Why did the chicken say, ""Meow, oink, bow-wow, moo	He was studying foreign languages.
Why did the boy stop using his Sony, his Boombox, and his Bose Radio	He stopped believing in stereotypes.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	No seatbelt.
Why is it awful to be an egg	You only get laid once, it takes three minutes to get hard, and you come in a box with eleven others.
Why did the biscuit cry	His mum had been a wafer too long.
Why are monkeys pedantic	Because they love nitpicking.
Why does the lawyer hate doing pro-bono work	Because he fucking hates U2.
Why is six scared of seven	... Because seven was registered as a six offender.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart	Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small!
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart	Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small.
Why did the baker have so many customers	He desperately kneaded the dough!
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	Because it was too chicken to do it.
Why shouldn't you use red, white, and blue paint in a watercolor	Because these colors don't run
Why did the farmer use a steam roller	He wanted to grow mashed potatoes.
Q: Why did the easter egg hide	A: Because it was a little chicken on the inside.
Why do short people laugh when they run	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why did the farmer win the Nobel Prize	There was a clerical error. The award was intended to go to Malala Yousafzai for her advocacy work for education for young girls.
Why does the mushroom get invited to all the parties	Because he's a fungi.
Why did the bald man go outside	To get some fresh hair !
Why do the Scottish wear kilts	Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
Why do breasts have nipples	Because without them they would be pointless.
Why don't people tell Chemistry jokes	Because they never get a reaction.
Why would Target be the worst store to run the Enterprise	Because they all wear red shirts
Why doesn't china have casinos	Because they hate Tibet.
Why do witches go commando when riding around on their brooms	Better grip. Happy Halloween :)
Why should you never rendezvous with a pack of wolves	Because they are *meet eaters!*
Why did the marijuana addict always turn his supply packet around when buying it	He heard the grass is greener on the other side
Why do they call them ""S'mores""	Because you always want another one!
Why is everyone bragging about how great it is to have kids	I slept till noon today, and the only person who threw up last night was me.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own	It's two tired.
Why do most men like women with big boobs and tight pussies	Because most men have big mouths and small cocks.
Why is buying a macbook like using a high end prostitute	Because you spend more but, at least you don't get a virus
Why do people ask ""what the hell were you thinking""	Obviously, I was thinking I was gonna get away with it and not have to explain it
Why do some vaginas smell like dead fish	Cause da pussy killed it
Why hasn't the Rastafarian gone to see the barber	He's dreading it.
Why didn't Sally become a prostitute to pay her bills	Because it was Plan B.
Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why should you always knock on your fridge door before opening it	Because there could be an Italian dressing inside.
Why don't penguins ever get married	They always get cold feet! ^^I'll ^^show ^^myself ^^out.
Why did	Why did the house cross the road, One of the most difficult to solve cross the road jokes, I'll give the answer when you all give.
Why couldn't Frodo drop the Ring into Mt. Doom	Force of Hobbit.
Why does Manny Pacquiao hate Spring so much	Because of May weather.
Why doesn't Ganondorf like going on the internet	There are too many Links.
Why bachelors are skinner than married men A bachelor goes into the kitchen, opens the fridge, sighs, goes to bed	A married man goes into the bedroom, lifts the blanket, sighs, goes to the fridge.
Why do scuba divers falls backwards off of the boat	Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
Why do southern girls get pregnant so much more than northern girls	Because it takes them so much longer to say ""Kaaa-WIT!
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants	In case he got a hole in one.
Why do Jews Brag About How Great Their Children Are	Because they don't win traditional dick measuring contests.
Why was the fruit farmer losing money	He couldn't grow a pear
Why is the second traffic citation always easier to read	Because it's re-fined!
Why rivers are never viewed on dvd or video cassette	Because they are always streaming.
Why are photographers always so depressed	Because they always focus on the negatives.
Why did 8 break up with 7	Because 7 always came first!!!
Why do tachyons program in assembly	Because it's faster then C
Why was Han Solo so suspicious when he put his penis inside Princess Leia for the first time	...it was Luke warm.
Why did the chicken commit suicide	To get to the other side...
Why do they call it a ""waist""	Because you could easily fit another pair of tits down there.
Why can't ovaries sail a boat	Because they are not sea-men.
Why did raggedy Ann get kicked out of the toy box	She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face screaming ""LIE TO ME""!
Why was the broom late to the meeting	It over swept
Why do cows have bells	Because their horns don't work.
Why don't the Mexicans have an olympics team	Because anybody who can run jump or swim is in the States.
Why was the comic book series depressed	Because it had too many issues.
Q: Why are ghouls green	A: Because they didn't take their travel sickness pills.
Why does a redneck find his cousin more attractive than a stranger	Because it's all relative.
Why did the plant say after being watered	I'm not hungry exactly, but I could still use a light snack"".
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Cause Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off.
Why doesn't Santa have kids	He only comes once a year
Why does it take *two* premenstrual women to change a light bulb	#BECAUSE!!
Why doesn't Ebola harm fruit	Because if it affected an Apple it'd be called I-Bola.
Why did the farmer's wife got angry at him for paying too much attention to his equipment	He kept looking at his hoes.
Why do you want to run for President	Because walking wouldn't burn enough calories.
Why can't steven hawking perform comedy	He can't do stand up
Why do women prefer 77 more than 69	Because they get 8 (ate) more. Repurposed from a /u/sciomancy6 comment.
Why can't a muslim have SexEd and Driver'sEd on the same day	Their camels need a break at some point.
Why did Jesus come back from the dead	Because Mary Magdalene was his Horcrux.
Why did the vegan zombie visit the coma ward	Because it only ate vegetables.
Why didn't the Mexican take Xanax	He was barred.
Why do engineers have to practice their social skills	So they don't forget either of them.
Why don't Nazi's like strip clubs	Because, they don't like Poles.
Why are shoes always tied in the ghetto	Because if not, you always be trippin nigga.
Why do they make condoms with ribs	So you can get traction in the mud.
Why does Helen Keller only masterbate with one hand	She needs the other to moan.
Why do feminists make bad mass shooters	Because they always give a trigger warning.
Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine	because 7 8 9
Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying	because they ran out of Natural Light
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get away from Gordon ramsey
Why is santa's sack so big	Because he only cums around once a year
Why the long face	A horse walks into a bar. Bartender: why the long face ? Horse: because I'm a raging alcoholic.
Why didn't the bear go to college	Because bears don't go to college.
Why are Saturday and Sunday so strong	Because the rest are weekdays.
Why did Captain Kirk take such a long time in the washroom	Because he was fighting the Klingons.
Why is six afraid of seven...	Because seven is a registered six offender.
Why are divorces so expensive	Because they're worth it.
Why did the man quit working at the cemetery	It was hard to make a living.
Why does Santa Claus only have seven  reindeer	Because Prancer moved in with a hairdresser in Beverly Hills.
Why did the excluded tree grow	To be long.
Why does an elephant wear sneakers	So that he can sneak up on mice !
Q: Why are blondes hurt by people's words	A: Because people keep hitting them with dictionaries.
Why did Mr. Pibb go see Dr. Pepper at Rehab	Because he was addicted to Coke.
Why did the girls fall off the swing	Someone threw a fridge at her. It's not supposed to make sense
Why does Trump want to build a great wall	China has one and they don't have many Mexicans
Why doesn't Moses buy beer	He brews it.
Why are the cops shooting so many black men	There's plenty of Mexicans to shoot too. Yeah I'm going to hell for that one.
Why were men given larger brains than dogs	So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
Why couldn't the police solve the case of the flat car battery	They had no leads.
Why did Heisenberg have a miserable sex life	Because when he found the correct position, he didn't have the momentum, and when he finally found the time, he didn't have the energy.
Why did the Redneck cross the road	Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
why do they call them light bulbs	they don't weigh very much
Why did God invent shopping carts	To teach women how to walk on their hind legs.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get some chicks. (nephew made this joke, he's 5 years old :o)
Why do men fart more than women	Because women won't shut up long enough to build up the pressure.
Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road	A: To tax the chicken.
Why are men faster than women	Ball bearings and stick shift.
Why did the hipster complain about winter in July	He wanted to do it before it was cool.
Why doesn't God want to argue with Satan	Because Satan has more politicians to help him.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	She's a woman.
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven	Because if they all went, it would be Hell.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	She's a woman!
Why is everyone investing in Ireland	... because the capital is always Dublin!
Why were the Indians here first	They had reservations
Why do they evacuate women and children first	You can't fix shit with all that screaming and crying. (**Yes, you can evacuate people.** Check #2 here: http://www.dictionary.com/browse/evacuate)
Why is it OK for an ice company to commit fraud	Because their assets are already frozen.
Why are white people the scariest in prison	Because you know they're guilty.
Why would a monster be big, green and scaly	. Cuz if he were small, white and smooth hed be a Tic Tac.
Why don't the blind bungee jump	Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why was the Dragonborn arrested in the Whiterun bakery	Dough fucking.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes	Toes go in first!
Why did the kids get in trouble for eating the sausages	They were brats
Why is Hellen Keller a bad driver	Because she is dead.
Q: Why did the Polish couple decide to have only 4 children	A: They'd read in the newspaper that one out of every five babies born in the world today is Chinese.
Why do white girls group in odd numbers	because they *can't even.*
Why did King Kong.... Climb the Empire State Building	...He couldn't fit in the elevator.
Why don't cows smoke weed	The steaks would just be too high.
Why isn't Sean Connery an unmarried roofer	He's not a fan of the shingle life.
Why did the boy drop his icecream	He was hit by a truck.
why netflix and chill	Because amazon and chill has 1 day delivery.
Why are French guns the best to buy	They've never been fired, and only dropped once.
Why did the Jews hate the holocaust	Because it ""caust"" them 6 million.
Q: Why do ducks have big flat feet	A: To stamp out forest fires.
Why doesn't Mrs. Clean get pregnant	Because Mr. Clean comes in a bottle.
Why don't Australians have sex	Because they mate. ...I'll let myself out.
Why isn't there a Superpig	It's too hard for a pig to change clothes in a telephone booth.
Why was the cell phone wearing glasses	He had lost his contacts!
Why don t women have men s brains	Because they don't have penises to put them in
Why did Hitler really commit suicide	He got his gas bill.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	Because they pushed two twins together to make a king.
Why did Muhammad cross the road	You should not question the prophet's motives infidel!
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store	For the watch
Why did the bible cross the street	To get to the other genocide.
Why isn't there a roomba that cuts grass	Probably some stupid law about sending a blade wielding robot out into the neighborhood.
Why were the new mittens so flirty	Young gloves.
Why Does Paris Hilton Have a Chihuahua	Cause she doesn't want a Dog thats more intelligent than her!
Why does Peter Pan always fly	Because he Neverlands. That joke never grows old!
Why do doctors spank babies when they are first born	The penises fall off the dumb ones.
Why did the late man stand on the clock	He wanted to be on time.
Why was jesus great at rock climbing	He could find foot and hand holes
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think men actually care if they cum.
Why is it so hard to throw a party in space	Because you have to planet.
Why did the trout go to med school	Mounting pressure from his friends and family
Why are men smarter than women	Because two heads are better than one.
Why does Reddit hate Fencing	Ripostes
Why do Storm Troopers like churchs	Cuz of all the pews. I hate myself
Why do Redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences	Because there is a lot of reposting to do.
Why was the divorce lawyer pro-gay marriage	Because any marriage is good for business!
Why do groups of birds always seem so shady	cuz they're always flockin' around
Why do sharks like salt water	Because pepper makes them sneeze
Why was  afraid of	Because   !
Why do shoes get sad... Why do shoes get sad when they lose their matching shoe	Because they lost their solemate
Why do so many American kids die in school shootings	They're not allowed to run in the halls. [-Jimmy Carr](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpxmKKtbw7w)
Why was John Lennon so ashy	Because he was cremated
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration	Because you can really party hearty!
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend	Because Sheeran.
Why does it take 100 mink to make a fur coat	Because they are lazy and have small hands!
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday
Why is picture of Jesus better than Jesus himself	You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
Why should you wear leather when playing Hide and Seek	Because it's made of hide.
Why did the Giraffe lay down in the tall grass	Because it had Leukemia.
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells	Because B shells are to small and D shells are to big.
Why don't black people dream	The last one who had a dream got shot.
Why does Piglet stink so bad	Cause he always plays with Pooh.
Why are paraplegics bad project teammates	They never carry their own weight.
Why did Sally fall off the swing	Someone threw a fridge at her.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	Because he got the gas bill.
Why doesn't Justin Bieber like Sports Authority	Because he likes Dicks.
Why don't we hear jokes about the Jonestown Massacre	Because the punchlines are too long.
Why do black men love pirate porn	Because of all the booty
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	They are really good at it.
Why can't bears get jobs in Australia	They don't have the right koalfications!
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down a chimney.
Why is a Mexican midget called a paragraph	Because he isn't a full ese.
Why couldn't the Geordie go above the seventh floor in the tower block	He had a fear of eights
Why was Jon Snow looking for an iWatch charger	Because now his watch has ended.
Why do gay barbecues suck	Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable	Because it's all heart.
Why did the hippie drowned in the ocean	Because he was too far out. Ba dum bum tissss
Why did the teacher decide to become an electrician	To get a bit of light relief.
Why did Kim Jong-il die a week before December 25th	Because Rudolph is the only deer leader at Christmas.
Why can't you hear the bass on Metallica's And Justice For All album	Because they threw the bass player under the bus.
Why sharks are afraid to borrow money from other sharks!	Because they are not just sharks, they are loan sharks!
Why did Pee-wee Herman cross the road	He was choking the chicken.
Why is it so tough to please girls	They take classes on mass debating.
Why Can't you compare Donald Trump to cancer	Because sometimes, you can get rid of cancer.
Why did the clothing store close	The employees where slacking off.
Why does Barbie never get pregnant	Because Ken always comes in a different box.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To visit the idiot. Knock knock. Who's there? *The chicken.*
Why do astronomers eat steak before skywatching	They're hoping for meatier showers
Why wasn't the Canadian scared at the movie theater	He knew Nunavut was real.
Why did the aardvark cross the road	To beat up the idiot telling jokes about him. (Not an original joke)
Why should you never fight a dinosaur	You'll get jurasskicked!
Why did the grinch cross the road	HE HAS TOO MUCH LONGER LEG !!!!
Why didn't Rivendell help Gondor	Elfish reasons.
Why is the blood of christ wine	Because he drank religiously
Why shouldn't you talk to someone with a brain tumor	.... ..because they've got a lot on their mind.
Why does Donald Trump dislike Bernie Sanders	Chickens tend to avoid anything with the last name ""Sanders"".
Why was six afraid of seven	It wasn't. Numbers are not sentient and thus incapable of feeling fear.
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Because their peckers are on their faces.
Why are fish so gullible	They fall for things hook line and sinker!
Why is the Mississippi so wide	Because Mr. Sippi is hung like a horse.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	If they had 4 doors they'd be chicken sedans.
Why did the communists trip over	Because they were Russian!
Why did the nurse always insist on  using the rectal thermometer to obtain temperatures	Because nurses are taught in nursing school to always look for her patient's best side.
Why does the letter ""r"" make all the difference between Friday and Sunday	payday vs prayday.
Why should the lower 48 states be the lower 46	Because Washington and Colorado aren't low, they're quite high!
Why do teenage girls not like filing papers	They just don't believe in labels.
Q: Why don't Deputy Fire Marshals look out the window in the morning	A: So they have something to do in the afternoon.
Why did the Soviets decide to be Russian	Cuz they got tired of Stalin.
Why don't shrimp give anything to charity	Because they're shellfish.
Why could Darren jump higher than Zeus	because he was mortall.
Why does Paris have tree lined streets	Because the German army likes to march in the shade.
Why couldn't the lumberjack sign into Facebook	Because he was logged out!
[Interview] Why do you want this job	Me: *opens briefcase* I don't. *pulls out Snickers* I just wanted to eat this without my kids around
Why were people in the Twin Towers so upset	They ordered pepperoni but all they got was plane
Q: Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican	A: They steal all the green cards.
Why did I throw my phone out of my window	Because I turned on airplane mode, and thought it would turn my Iphone into a plane...
Why do support meetings for premature ejaculation always start on time	Because the members come early.
Why are cops so bad at pool	Because they can't resist hitting the black ball.
Why was the Energizer Bunny arrested	He was charged with battery. XD
Why did the.. Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side
Why is flour so dumb	It's inbred.
Why is it so expensive to live in Ireland	Cause they keep *Dublin* the taxes.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it pees	Because the p is silent.
Why do all polish names end in ski	Because they can't spell toboggan (This joke brought to you by a 90 yr old polish man I take care of at a nursing home)
Why couldn't the Japanese guy see his car	Because he had a cataract!
Why do clowns make bad entrepreneurs	Because they're into some funny business
Why do skinny men like fat women	Because they need warmth in winter and shade in summer.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts	Because sheep can hear zippers.
Why did ISIS invade Antarctica	They saw a documentary about penguins and thought the continent was full of devout Islamic women.
Why is it better to be fat than skinny	Because the pros LITERALLY outweigh the cons!
Why did Saul want to kill Christians	Because he was Saulty. I'll^show^^myself^^^out...
Why did Mozart kill his chickens	They were yelling ""Bach Bach Bach Bach
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive	Because she was a woman
Why did the vegetables hop into the boiling pot of water	They were part of a stewicide pact.
Why was the mother cow mad at father cow	Because she had beef with him.
Why'd the band teacher go to jai	Because he fingered A-minor
Q: Why can't a bicycle stand up	A: It is two tired.
Why do they call dogs K-9	Because K-10 are for pussies.
Why did the can crusher quit his job	Because it was soda-pressing
Why didn't the skeleton make a good lawyer	All his work was pro bono.
Why George RR Martin doesn't utilize suicide bombers in GoT	Because he does not have enough virgins left in the story
Why doesn't people with two dicks get into the porn industry	Because they know they'll be fucked over. Edit: Don't, not doesn't. Sorry can't change title.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it was a repost
Why did Tiger Woods get divorced	Because Tiger was a lion cheetah!
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the last one that had a dream got assassinated
Why do engineers work out a lot	They're obsessed with rigid bodies!
Why are vacuum cleaners made by gays the best	Because they really suck.
Why did the penis. . . Why did the penis stop going to the speakeasy	He was sick of ragtime.
Why do blondes have bruised belly buttons	Because blonde boys aren't all that bright either.
Why are ducks always sad	Because of their bills
Why do married men hang strobe lights from their bedroom ceilings	To create the optical illusion that their wives are moving during sex.
Why is Nicolas Cage's radio so loud	He doesn't know how to turn things down
Why are Indians so bad at soccer	Because everytime they get a corner they open a stall.
Why is the sand so quiet	Because the waves keep going ""shhhhhh"".
Why do Stormtroopers never laugh	Because they always miss the joke
Why should you never shower with Pokemon	Because he may Pikachu
Why is PBS asking me for money	If I had money I wouldn't need to pretend crow migration habits are good entertainment.
Why did TEN die	because he was in the middle of 9/11
Why can't a ghost get anyone pregnant	Because he has a hollow-weenie
Why is Steve Jobs middle child unemployed	Because he's always inbetween jobs.
Why did linkin park wrap themselves up in plastic wrap before they jumped off a cliff	So in the end they didn't even splatter.
Why there are so many avenues in France	Because german soldiers like to march in the shade
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a six offender.
Why did God create the orgasm	So women can moan even when they're happy.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was black.
Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged	Because cowboys eat with their hats on!
Why is Ronaldo so good at football	Oil of Ole Ole Ole
Why is Denmark the happiest country on Earth	Because all the sad people there kill themselves.
Why don't they let Pakistanis take corners in soccer	Because they'll set up a shop.
Why should you never play poker with African cats	Because they're cheetahs.
Why is six afraid of seven	Seven is a registered six offender.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate his food before it was cool.
Why did Prince Eric leave Ariel when she became a human	He was just chasing tail.
Q: Why can't blondes put in light  bulbs	A: They keep breaking them with the hammers.
Why does the disinterested Italian man have perfect skin	Because he's aloof-a
Why can't Bach play the piano	He ""Baroque"" his arm, and also he's dead.
Why does the Necromancer hate doing stand-up comedy	He always has a dead audience
Why did the chicken cross the road	It didn't, I kicked the piece of shit before it did.
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun	Give him a cock and he will blow!
Why couldn't the kid get into the pirate movie	It was rated R.
why did the cookie go to the doctors	... because he felt crumby!
Why do pencils shave	To look sharp
Why is it unjust to blame taxi drivers for cheating us	We call them to take us in. (From The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Handbook of Conundrums, by Edith B. Ordway. So this is a century old joke.)
Why don't any pirates live in Kansas	Because they all live in *Ar*kansas.
Why is a 12oz can of Coca-Cola more popular in St. Paul and Minneapolis than a 2 liter	Because it's a mini soda.
Why do Anarchists only drink herbal tea	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field	It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Why did the dog sleep so poorly	By mistake he plugged his electric blanket into the toaster and kept popping out of bed all night!
Why can't meteorologists forecast the  weather	-They are too busy studying comets and meteors
Why did God create man first	So he wouldn't have to be told how to do it.
Why is Quicksilver so fast	Because he's Russian
Why does a chicken coop have only two doors	If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why did the eyeglasses model become a beekeeper	He heard that beauty was in the eyes of the bee holder.
Why do most men die before their wives	Because they want to
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the pee is silent.
Why does the boy could not bend his knees	because he had no knees
Why don't tornadoes watch Bill O'Reilly on  FOXNEWS	-It is a no spin zone
Why do French tanks have rear-view mirrors	To see the enemies.
Why does Jesus Jaywalk	Because he hates crosswalks
Why is Peter Pan on the No-Fly list	Whenever he boards a plane it neverlands
Why does a man name his penis	Because he doesn't want a total stranger making 90% of his decisions.
why did the orange fail school	It couldn't concentrate.
Why does frost not like to lay out in the sun	-It burns too easily
Why did the farmer make a high-pitched gasp	Because he was tired of the sigh-low.
Why did the grocery delivery guy get fired	He drove people bananas!
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Heart failure
Q: Why are cows always broke	A: The farmers milk them dry.
Why did Blackbeard cross the road	To indicate where the treasure is buried.
Why did Churchill always beat Hitler with scissors in rock, paper, scissors	Because he knew Hitler always threw paper.
Why couldn't the fun guy go in the elevator	There wasn't mush-room.
Why did the mathematician bring home 24 eggs from the grocery store	Because when he asked his wife how many eggs to buy, she said 4!
Why did the chicken not cross the road	Because it would have been a fowl proceeding.
Why did Megan fall off the swing	Because she had no arms. Knock Knock. Whose there?? Not Megan.
Why are all early birds Catholics	Protestant birds don't really want a Diet of Worms.
Why is being in the military like having sex	The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
Why does Ellen Pao play so much tennis	Its the only place she can get love.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	It scares the shit out of the dogs
Why can't a Stormtrooper have a baby	Because they always miss.
why do asians have small boobs	Only A's are acceptable
Why is the British weather like Islam	Because it's either Sunni or Shi'ite
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells	Because she is too big for B-shells
Q: Why do pigs make good spies	A: They're excellent at going in-hog-nito.
Why did the cave hate miners	They're always picking on him.
Why can't short people cook	Because the steaks are too high.
Why would you never want to go to a gay BBQ	Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
Why wasn't Hitler allowed at the barbeques	He always burned the Franks.
Why are all the users of Ashley Madison worried about their emails leaking	They will be millionaires when the Nigerian princes finish downloading the file.
Why is Han Solo a loner	Because he's solo.
Why did the kid cross the playground	To get to the other slide.
Why do most French recipes require only one egg	In France, one egg is *un oeuf*
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners	Cause he can't do stand-up.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 raped snow white
Why does everybody like the mushroom	Because he's a fun guy.
Why is Hannibal so rich	Well, he save on groceries.
Why didn't the dog play cards on his ocean cruise	Because the captain stood on the deck.
Why did the scarecrow get an award	He was out standing in his field....
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because Korea's missiles can't reach that far.
Why did the octopus blush	He saw the bottom of the ocean
Why did the man commit suicide by helium suffocation	He wanted to go out on a high note.
Why did they hire the police department to design a new superconductor	STOP RESISTING!!!
Why do chicken coops only have 2 doors	Because if they had 4 doors, they would be called chicken sedans...
Q: Why does a viola burn longer than a  violin	A: It is usually still in the case.
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year and when he does, it's down the chimney.
Why can't a blonde count to 70	Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Why do they call it Black Friday	Because it's the only day blacks can afford to go shopping
Q: Why did the one-handed man cross the road	A: To get to the second hand shop.
Why do Chinese tourists get disappointed when they visit America	Because when they buy souvenirs they find out they were made in China.
Why do Jew like to watch porn in reverse	They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
Why did the president start the bar fight	So he could pass the bill.
Why are magicians always sad	Because everything they have disappears
[NSFW] Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong socks
Why do inquisitive peppers annoy people	Because they get jalapeno business.
Why did the Trump campaign order its followers to destroy all fax machines	They thought it was spelled ""facts.
Why did Hitler always win at limbo	Because no one else could stoop any lower.
Why does Popeye have such huge forearms	Olive Oil is a virgin
Why don't midgets smoke weed	Because they can't get high.
Why did the Golfer feel aladeen about his socks	He had a hole in one.
Why was General Yoda afraid of April	Because March, April May.
Why was the egg kicked out of the comedy club	Because he was telling bad yolks!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side, of course!
Q: Why are all black people fast	A: Because the slow ones are in jail.
Why don't they sell aspirin in the rainforest	Because it would be economically unviable to market a pharmaceutical in such a vastly unpopulated area.
Why did Donald Duck break up with Daisy Duck	Turns out she was a quack whore.
Why do they call it Black Friday	Because the prices are so good you are practically stealing.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippy	Because he was too far out... (dude).
Why does Ariel wear seashells	Because she can't fit into D shells
Why do melons have to get married in a church	Because they cantaloupe.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	The ""p"" is silent.
Why was the lion a terrible cannibal	He couldn't swallow his pride.
Q: Why is everyone tired of the king playing video poker on his porcelain throne	A: Cause they're sick of all his royal flushes.
Why do Jihadists only drink instant coffee	Because they're cunts. EDIT: punchline.
Why do bronies get so upset about the friendzone	I thought friendship was magic
Why is a wizard so good in bed	Because he is never late, nor is he early. He reaches orgasm precisely when he means to.
Why did sexual frustration impede the development of mathematics in Ancient Greece	Because mathematicians in Ancient Greece couldn't get no irrational fraction . . .
Why didn't Zeke get that job at the KFC off the interstate	He thought they'd want to hear that back at the farm, he likes doin' chickens right also.
Why didn't the homophobe decorate his house for Halloween	Because his skeleton was in the closet
Why can't cats vote	Because they are non-voting felines!
Why did the chicken cross the road	He was trying to draw the zoophile into traffic. Thanks /u/LFBR for the premise.
Why'd the baker resort to prostitution	Because they knead the dough.
Why are 490 Romans funny	Because XD
Why was Jesus such a bad carpenter	He couldn't remove three nails to save his life
Why Did Hitler kill himself	He was told about his gas bill
Why do androids go to Africa to party	Because Botswana have fun.
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight	Because they don't like each other.
Why did the werewolf become a proctologist	He only has to work on full moons
WHY DID THE PRISONER TYPE IN ALL UPPERCASE	THEY WERE SENTENCED TO CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.
Why aren't dwarves allowed at nudist camps	They allways stick their nose in other people's business.
Why can't Ray Charles read	Because he's blind you racist!
Why did they never make a pregnant Barbie	because Ken always came in another box.
Why was no at the Premature Ejaculaters' support group when I arrived	I came early.
Q: Why do Polish names end in ""ski""	A: Because they can't spell tobbagan.
Why couldn't the hipsters save the hippies	They were too far out.
Why do tourists always take pictures in Paris	Because the tower is an Eiffel.
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend	Cause sheeran
Why did Mr. T reject Marxism	Because Marx said ""You have nothing to lose but your chains."" *^(Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei - 1848)*
Why did the football team sack the hairy goalkeeper	Because he rarely shaved the balls.
Why was Jack scared	Because Jack was bean stalked
Why will Church's chicken be losing money	Because I don't see black people going to church's anytime soon
Why do Eyeballs Make Great Comedians	Because they are filled with vitreous humor!
Why did EA cross the road	The punchline for this joke is 0.99$
Why are gametes best suited to advertising careers	Because sex cells.
Q: Why did the hearing aid saleman give it up for a life of piracy	A: Because he only made a good buccaneer.
Why did the man with acute bronchitis go on holiday	Because he had a wee cough
Why were all the computers in the company frozen	Because they let IT go
why do you never see hippos hiding in trees	cause they're really fuckin' good at it
Why can't your nose be twelve inches long	Because then it'd be a foot
Why did the tomato blush	It saw the salad dressing
Why did the tea-bag fall down the hill	To steep.
Why do Japanese Sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So you can tell them apart from feminists.
Why don't neo-nazis use the forward button on their browsers	Because they Alt-Right instead.
Why do traffic lights turn red	You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
Why are elephants gray	So you don't get them confused with blueberries.
Why wouldn't the pimp water his lawn	He couldn't trust his hose.
Why are life long overweight people funny	Growing up they hear the best jokes.
Why can't there be a Santa Pig	Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
Why did the plane crash	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread! Now he's toast
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was black...
Why do flamingos sleep with one leg up	Because if they slept with two legs up they'd fall over
Why was it easier for the whistleblower to leave American soil earlier in the year	It didn't Snowden.
Why do Avon ladies walk funny	..because their lipstick
Why did the artist put on a show of horse paintings	He wanted to mount an exhibit!
Why should you avoid sexual encounters with The Fonz	Because he has Ayyyds.
Why do 9 out of 10 bear moms prefer minivans over sedans	All the extra cubholders.
Why did the brother octopi look so alike	They were itentacle twins.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate	The ""P"" is silent
Why was 6 afraid of 7	I have a flesh-eating disease, and it's slowly killing me.
Why was the man allergic to Christmas	Because it's the reason for the sneason.
Why did the doctor go the furniture store	Because he needed a stool sample.
Why do gay men float	Flambuoyancy
Why don't Jewish men go down on their wife	Because it's too close to the gas chamber
Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet	A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
Why do I always sit in the back of an airplane	Cos iv never heard of an airplane reverse into a mountain... ill help myself out...
Why is wheat a hillbilly grain	X/post from r/funny Because its inbread
Why was 6 afraid of 11	Because 11 snaps people's necks with her mind.
Why did Thor file a police report	Because someone stole his thunder
Why was the Trail of Tears so hard on the Native Americans	It's not easy to hike a trail when you're always falling down drunk.
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations	They don't believe in higher powers.
Why was 56 scared	Because 28 8 1.
Why do some race drivers hate wet tracks	Because the water is a distraction.
Why do molluscs only think of themselves	Because they're shellfish
Why was Jared Fogle upset	Because he was sentenced to over 15 years in prison.
Why can't I be rubied or diamonded	NOOO. I had to be jaded.
Why did the sand dune blush	Because the sea weed
Why can I never be a doctor	Because I don't have any patients
Why your fingers have spaces in between	nothing!why? would you like it to be very close to each other. You're not a duck!
Why does heaven have such great wifi	Because of all the cloud space.
Why was the Pedophile's movie rated PG-13	It only had minor nudity.
Why did the man cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why can't Stevie Wonder read	Because he's black.
Why don't feminists carry handguns	Because of the triggers
Why cant Miss Piggy count to 100	Every time she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
Why can't Chinese people eat Swans	They don't have a Pitchfork. (This is a music reference joke)
Why didn't the monster use toothpaste	Because he said his teeth weren't loose.
Why do Ethiopian women give the best blowjobs	You know they'll swallow
Why did the lizard take viagra	He suffered from a reptile disfunction.
Why did the mean teacher walk around with her purse open	She'd read there was going to be some change in the weather.
Why did the gay guy cross the road	Because he is gay and the people on the other side of the road hate him and asked him to leave.
Why would the Holocaust have failed if the victims were Islamic	Because it would have been impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender.
Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space	Because no one on earth wants to buy it.
Why do prison guards use Proactive all the time	So they can prevent breakouts.
Why was Darth Vader so ugly	Because he had sithilis.
Why was the table pissed at Jesus	Because he looked a little cross.
Why do feminists hate Apple	Because they're not PC.
Why do Asian woman have small breasts	Because her parents accept nothing less than an A.
Why was the dolphin depressed	He felt he had no porpoise in life
Why is it easier for women to shave ""downstairs"" than men	They don't have to go through as many obsticles.
Why did the bald guy cut a hole in his pocket	Because he wanted to run his fingers through his hair.
Why was 6 afraid of 10	Because 10 was in the middle of 9,11...
Why don't you want a turkey at your thanksgiving dinner	Because it'll gobble up everything.
Why did the storm trooper get an iPhone	He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for
Why did the bar owner by a diamond mine get arrested	He attributed to the delinquency of a miner.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 explodes.
Why did the TV execs decide not to create a new reality show about philosophers	Because it would only be for a Neitzsche audience
Why did the ocean take a bath	It had a sandy bottom.
Why was Jesus so ripped	because he did crossfit...
Why is it that sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
Why is the mailman bad at sex	His package cums too quickly
Why was Jered Fogle always late	He kept getting a little behind.
Why did the fish's car break down	It needed a tuna-up.
Why should you never watch a movie with a generous Nascar driver	He might give away spoilers!
Why should you never date a tennis player	Love means nothing to them.
Why are there so many people in Ireland	Cos' they keep Dublin and Dublin and Dublin...
Why don't women get hit by trains	There is no railroad tracks between the living room and the kitchen.
Why is Russia a very fast country	Because the people are always Russian !
Why did everyone hate the window	He was a pane in the glass! Credit: 12 year old me
Why did God allow women to get yeast infections	So they could know what it was like to live with an irritating cunt sometimes..
Why is polar bear cheap to have as a pet	It lives on ice !
Why are prosthetic limbs so in fashion	Anyone can pull them off
Q: Why couldn't the animals on Noah's Ark play cards	A: Because Noah was standing on the deck!
[Gaming] Why did the console player cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side
Why can't Santa play in the NBA	He has a no-trade Claus
Why did Elon Musk's wife leave him	she asked for sex and got S3X instead.
Why didn't Toronto's mayor tell us earlier about his drug use	It must have fallen through a crack.
Why did the stick-figure man's arm keep hitting him in the face	Because it was the punch line.
Why doesn't anyone get laid on Thanksgiving	All the coats are on the bed!
Why did... Why did the golfer wear an extra pair of pants	In case he got a hole in one! Ha Ha  Ha Ha
Why cant a bike stand up by itself	It's two tired.
Why is English such a hard language to learn	Because it's
Why do Pokemon have eyes	So they can pikachu
Why are mountains so funny	Because they are hill areas. I'll show myself out
Why can't you have Christmas dinner in the EU	Because there is no Turkey
Why do squirrels swim on their backs	To keep their nuts dry.
Why did the fat girl cross the road	She wanted some chicken.
Why did everyone invite mushroom to the party	Because he's a fungi.
Why did the kid drop his ice cream	Because the bus hit him.
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ	He always burns the franks.
Why do programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas	Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC.
Why Was The Canvas Maker Late Home From Work	He had to close a sail
Why didn't the piglets listen to the teacher pig	Because he was an old boar.
Why do Apes like tall buildings	They want to climb the heights of the business world!
Why do vultures hate flying	Because they have to pay extra for Carrion! Budum tsssss
Why isn't there democracy in North Korea	Because everytime they try to pronounce ""election"" everyone starts to giggle
Why were Jeremy Clarkson's colleagues excited to try his mulled wine	Because they'd been floored by his punch.
Why was Civil Disobedience such a good essay	Thoreau editing.
Why is the retirement center nicknamed ""the garden""	Because it is full of vegetables.
Why was the cemetery plot salesman upset	Business was dead.
Why did Yewtree arrest the husband-to-be at the celebrity wedding of the year	They wanted to make sure he'd never been a groom.
Why did the raisin go to the police	Because, he was a grape victim.
Why are there so few Christians on 4chan	Because religious people don't like faggots
Why did the redneck cross the road	To get to the oth-TONY STEWART
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer	A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.
Why did the groom ask his bride to wear white	Because he wanted his dishwasher to match the fridge and stove
Why do GPSes work really well in Washington state	There are lots of Seattleites there!
Why can't you lie to an aborted fetus	It wasn't born yesterday.
Why did Hitler have a thing for men from Hungary	Because they are Hung Arian's
Why did Jon Snow go to The Apple Store	For the Watch.
Why could nobody win a dance off at the annual African American ball	Because it was a black tie event
Why are women like KFC	After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
Q: Why did the brain cell go to the other side of the brain	A: I don't know. It hadn't really crossed my mind.
Why couldn't the Gorilla pitcher make it in the major leagues	His balk was worse than his bite!
Why did the military name it's new drone system ""Caitlyn Jenner""	Because it's unmanned
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;Ms	Because he isn't real.
Why did little Suzy fall off the swing	~Why? -Because she had no arms ... -Knock knock ~Who's there? -Well, it sure as shit isn't little Suzy
Why did the bicycle fall over	it was too tired!
Why don't melons ever run away and get married	Because they cantaloupe!
Why was the mathematician late for work	He took the rhombus.
Why are fat people like relationships	Most of them don't work out.
Why did Sarah fall of the swing	Q: Why did Sarah fall of the swing ? A: Because she has no arms. *knock* *knock* Q:Who's there ? A:Not Sarah.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	Cuz' it scares the fuck out of the dogs!
why don't chickens wear pants	Because their pecker is on their heads!
Why didn't the rope get any presents this year	He was very knotty.
Why does Carlos Mencia love r/jokes	Reposts are allowed.
Why does Barbie hate Amazon	because they're always putting sales out on ken-dolls.
Why did Courteney Cox	Because Lisa Kudrow.
Why did the hedgehog cross the road	To see he's flat mate
Why can't you play cards on a small boat	Because someone is always sitting on the deck.
Why did princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Why were Ru Paul and Buffalo Bill at the park	They were at a Tucker family reunion.
Why is Africa hot	Because of dat Djibouti.
Why was the programmer sexist	Because he treats women like objects. EDIT: phrasing
Why do Scotsmen screw their sheep by the side of a cliff	Because they push back harder.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie	Because he was far out dude
Why do historians say Hitler was a great mathematician	He could always find the final solution
Why can't cops eat bacon	Because that would be cannibalism
Why does a milking stool only have three legs	The cow has the udder.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts	Sheep can hear a zipper a mile away...
Why did Bob get 'Emo' Grass for his lawn	Because it cuts itself.
Why does Mary Kay walk funny	Her lipstick
Why did ebola cross the road	To infect more people and make them shit out their insides and sweat blood.
why does Snoop Dogg use and umbrella	for drizzle..
Why are there no female serial killers	Because after the first kill, they have to tell someone.
Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors	So they can see the front-lines.
Why did the fashion show lose it's attendance	my friend thought it was a strip club. (I'm not good at this, pls don't be harsh)
Why do they throw so many Black men in prison	So it hurts more when the pedophiles get raped.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why does a chicken coup have two doors	If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Why does no one like the number 4	It's too square.
Q: why do the gay guys like midnight	A: twelve DONGS!
Why couldn't Luke get any sleep	Because the Force Awakens
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow	because it didnt want to swim in the hot chocolate
why cant women count to 70	because 69 is a mouth full
Why are there so many Smiths in the phonebook	Because they all own telephones
Why did the pervert cross the road	He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken!
Why do Jewish fathers have their sons circumcised	They know Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.
Why did the melons decide to have a wedding	Because they cantaloupe.
Why should you always take at least two Baptists with you when you go fishing	Because if you take only one he will drink all your beer.
Why doesn't Mexico have a team in the summer Olympics	Because all the ones who can run, jump or swim are ready in the US.
Why is the Mars Rover banned from pet stores	Curiosity killed the cat.
Why doesn't Casper have any children	He has a hollow-weiner.
why do giraffes have long necks	because they have smelly feet!!
Why did my sperm cross the road	Because my wife wore the wrong socks.
Why did the orange fall out with the orange-peeler	Because he was taking the pith. /gets coat. bai.
why didn't the young bald eagle need a chaperone	he already had super-vision.
Why do Ethiopians have fly swatters	To hunt for their food.
Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest	Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.
Why was the snowman smiling	He heard the snow blower coming
Why do lesbians have belly buttons	To hold the tartar sauce.
Why was the Dalai Lama not upset after he spilled spaghetti sauce	Because it happened in the *past*a.
Why do penguins never go to England	Because they're afraid of Wales!
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I hadn't masturbated for a month. Seriously, when I ejaculated it was six feet. Which was unusual, as usually it's cum. Strange day.
Q: Why do blonde's get confused in the ladies room	A: They have to pull their own pants down.
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head	Because from a distance, they looked like hare.
Why are atheists so light	They have no mass.
Why can you only drown a hipster in a tributary	Because, it isn't mainstream.
Why do Catholics drink	...because they're filled with the Holy Spirit
Why do Apples new headphones look like tampons	Because they're made exclusively for cunts.
Why were Porn Stars not affected by the recession	Some jobs always have sticky wages...
Why do zombies always kill at comedy clubs	Because their jokes are told post-humorously!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Well, he didn't get across, but he made it to the other side.
Why did the lady at the bar slap the man next to her for stroking his mustache	Because in between stroking it, he said ""hello, let me clear you off a place to sit.
Why did the bald man draw rabbits all over his head	From a distance they look like hares!
Why was the female bank teller angry	She was going through the change...
Why can't elephants go skinny dipping	They can't get their trunks off...
Why aren't the Italians afraid of the biscuit	Because it ain't nothing butter biscuit!!!
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children	Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
Why did the computer freeze	It got frostbyte.
Why did the man put his car in the oven	Because he wanted a hot rod.
Why was the Rastafarian poor	Because he was jah bless
[no spoiler] Why is the BB unit droid not hungry	Because BB-8
Why did the doctor toss his patient down a well	He tried to kill them.
Why cant a Gorilla get a job	BECAUSE HE'S BLACK
Why are the twin towers and genders so similar	Because there used to be 2 of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.
Why do people choose to become bakers	Because they knead the dough.
Why was the snowman's dog called Frost	Because Frost bites.
Why did my girlfriend cross the road	To get back to the first shop we went to 4 fucking hours ago!
Why did the cancer patient get smacked	His hand was bigger than his face.
Why was 7 afraid of 8	Because 8 nined 10.
Why was the picture acquitted of the charge for murder	Because it was framed.
Why was the origami class cancelled	The school folded.
Why don't women need drivers licenses	Because there is no road from the kitchen to the bedroom
Why is it called Mother Nature	Because if it were called Father Nature it would be a lot more predictable.
Why did the baby cross the road	It was stapled to the chicken.
Why was the little mountain dying	Because he was terminally hill.
Why do dogs bury bones in the ground	Because you can't bury them in trees !
Why are black people unfair	Because they're unfair.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he 'kneaded' a shit.
Why is Edward still in Russia	He's Snowden.
Why did the vacuum get a raise	Because it sucked at its job.
Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afghanistan	Because there is a target on every corner.
Why do people from Finland who lack passports never win	...they can't cross the Finnish line!
Why do pterodactyls use the bathroom so quietly	Because their p is quiet.
Why did the thoroughbred break up with the wild horse	Because she was looking for a stable relationship.
Why did a seal go to the bar	.... Because he didn't want to go clubbing.
[Jedi Academy] Why do you want to be Jedi	[Imagines using 'the force' to steal everyone's cats and building a cat army] To keep the peace
Why did the plant cross the road	Cus it was being stalked!
Why do men with prostate issues have issues stealing video game systems	Because they have trouble taking a Wii.
Why did the piglets get in trouble in their biology class	They ate all the specimens.
Why did the condom fly across the room	Because it was pissed off. (Also sorry)
Why was the manipulative ghost so unsuccessful	People could see right through him.
Why do you get arrested for walking into an army base unauthorised in the USA	Because Obama doesn't like anyone sneaking in his barracks.
Why is Oedipus against profanity	He kisses his mother with that mouth
Why is the alphabet of a pirate incomplete	Because they lost an I.
Why did Hitler struggle to eat his Chinese food	Because he ordered the chow mein Kampf.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 plowed 6 in the ass
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween	Because OCT 31 = DEC 25.
Why is 77 better then 69	Because you get eight more!
Why did the tin man go to hell	Because he's a sinner.
Why did the pedophile masturbate to Kim Kardashian	because he was blind.
Why couldn't the feminist change the light bulb	Feminists can't change anything.
Why can't Melania Trump feel her ass	He's away campaigning.
Why was 6 afraid if 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Why does the New York Times hire Jews	So they can put out a paper on December 26th.
Why is there no pain relief in the jungle	Cos the Parrots-Eat-Em-All
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So nobody confuses them with feminists
Why did they go from Windows 8 straight to Windows 10	Because 7 8 9!
Why do Canadians like doggy style so much	So they can both watch the hockey game!
Why don't blind people skydive	Because it scares their dogs too much!
Why don't other bugs like earwigs	Because they are always earwigging their conversations !
Why Did Barbie Never Get Pregnant	Because Ken always came in another box.
Why did Scottish baby sneeze	It got week old.
Why did the Prostitute leave the leper colony	Business was dropping off!
Why do we say dogs are man's best friend	Why not say dogs are man's and woman's best friend? Because diamonds are a woman's best friend.
Why did the old lady fall into the well	Because she couldn't see that well
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister	Because he never pays his debts
Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat	...Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
Why couldn't the cat walk through the door	it had a javelin through it's head.
Why is the Canadian school system broken	because they only give out ehs
Why are the only kids in Warsaw magnet schools from Central Poland	Cause North and South Poles repel each other ...
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio visit Sesame Street	It was his only chance to see an Oscar
Why can't pirates learn the alphabet	Because Somalia doesn't have an education system
Why is an elephant braver than a hen	Because the elephant isn't chicken !
Why do Scuba divers fall backwards into the water	Because if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the boat
Why did the chicken cross the playground	To get to the other slide
Why are pirates called pirates	Because they AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!
Why can't trigonometry teachers give good speeches	They go off onto different tangents.
Why was the man with size four shoes turned away from Mount Everest	Because climbing Mount Everest is no small feat
Why don't you tell penis jokes about richard	Because Dick nose
Why did the mother feed her newborn lamb	Because it's baby food.
Why did the boy not do his homework	he was ceebs
Why did the stoneworker get fired	Because he took his job for granite I'll show myself out.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a serial rapist.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the idiot's house. Knock Knock. ""Who's there?"" The chicken.
Why did the Dad divorce his wife after she named their son	She named him Oedipus.
Why don't we see more midget actors	I guess you can say that they are in short supply these days.
Why did Berlusconi go to the Costa Concordia	To see the Gash
Why did the dolphin go to church	He was looking for a porpoise. (thought this one up but I doubt I was the first one that did.)
Why didn't Thor like the party	It was too Loki.
Why can't accountants get library cards	They're book-keepers.
Why can't Vader find a steady relationship	He keeps looking for love in Alderaan places
Why did 10 die	He was stuck in the middle of 9/11.
Why do cows have hooves	Because they lac tose
Why doesn't the sun pack it's bags	Because it's traveling light!
Why cant Stephen Hawking put on a comedy show	Because he cant do stand-up
Why Did The Stadium Get Hot After The Game	Because all the fans left.
Why do girls have nipples	Because without them tits would be pointless.
Why was the wife worried that her husband was a light drinker	Every night, he'd go out and drink until it was light.
Why couldn't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because he was married.
Why is Mexico's flag green, white, and red	Guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.
Why did a Stripper run for mayor	Because she did great on the pole
Q: Why was the blood donation unsuccessful	A: Because it was all in vein.
Why did the Zombie baseball pitcher retire	He threw his arm out.
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off.
Why was Anakin Skywalker king of the pub crawl	Because he killed all the Yuenglings.
Why do melons always have well planned weddings	They can'telope !
Why do cows wear bells around their necks	Because their horns don't work.
Why should you torrent only from French sites	Because it'll run faster.
Why shouldn't you change around a Pokemon	Because he might peek at chu.
Why did Ellen Pao cross the road	[deleted]
Why was the French chef sent to prison	He was convicted of crepe.
Why did Tiger Woods stop designing golf courses	He couldn't keep it down to 18 holes.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay.. they'd be bagels!
Why was Putin late for dinner with Obama	Because he got Snowden.
Why is one floor taller than the rest of the floors in the building	It's a long story.
Why can't Chihuahuas run marathons	They're short of breath!
Why did the baseball player fail at the math test	He used base 3.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy from drowning	He was too far out maaaaan.
Why do Canadian cops not need to wear body cameras	Because Tim Hortons already has cameras!
Why can't Russia extradite US top-secret whistle-blowers	Because they're Snowden (snowed-in). To all the folks on the East coast, stay safe and warm.
Why did the skeptic man have high blood pressure	Because he kept taking advice with a pinch of salt!
Why did you name your dog karma	She's a bitch.
Why did 20 blondes stand outside the bar	Because you need to be 21 to get in.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends	Because he's married.
Why couldn't the baby camel surf the Internet	Because whenever his parents saw their phone bill they got the hump.
Why can't Zeno seem to pay his bar tab in full	Answer: Because he kept giving half of what he owes.
why didn't Hitler pass algebra	He didn't know the final solution.
Why are black people so good at jumping	As developing children their knee grows.
Why did the elephant paints it's toes red	So he could hide in the cherry tree.
Why are hours gay	Cause they have lots of secs with lots of min.
[NSFW] Why was the snowman smiling	He could see the snowblower coming down the street.
Why did the blonde start rubbing toothpaste on her vagina	She heard it helps reduce cavities.
Why did the baker have smelly hands	because he kneaded a poo.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday!
Why do blind people always laugh at jokes	Same as why they don't drive. They never see it comming.
Why do most Vietnamese people seem like male prostitutes	Because they pay for everything with their Dongs
why was the mother buying christmas gifts for her son in august	because presents are less expensive than chemo..
Why did 11 eat 12	Cuz 12, 13, 14
Why did the Ferguson protesters not participate in Black Friday	Because they have already looted everything they would have bought anyway.
Why did the man take a shower	He was a thief
Why does it take so long to play Israeli sports	Because all the replays are in shlomo.
Why can a penguin never win Best Actor	Because it is part black.
Why didn't the guy with ADHD take his medicine	He forgot.
Why was the circuit arrested	Because it was charged with battery!
Why did the Dalai Lama go to Las Vegas	Tibet
Why did the chicken run out of the brothel	Whore moans.
Why can't Bill Gates get a girlfriend	Because his penis is Microsoft.
Q: Why do Polish hate Cauchy's dog	(hint on Cauchy-Riemann theorem) A: Because it leaves residues at each Pole.
Why did the Mexican push his wife of the cliff	Tequila
Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road	It ran out of juice.
Why are they called overalls when you can still see arms and the head	That shit ain't over all. Those are oversomes and whatnot.
Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own	Because it is two tired.
Why does no one own an Xbox in Pennsylvania	Because it's always Sony in Philadelphia!
Why did the ambassador have extra resistance to harmful foreign bacteria	He had diplomatic immunity.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	It was outstanding in its field!
Why did Moohamad eat his wives out so much	Allah spoke the kuran to him through the bush.
Why can't there be peace in the Middle East	It IS what it IS.
Why did the strawberry take the fig to the movies	Because he couldn't find a date!
Why did the dad say the joke instead of act it out	Because it was cheesier said than done.
Why did the bike fall over	Because it was two tired.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the idiot's house. Knock, knock.... Who's there? The chicken.
Q: Why did the blonde keep a empty carton of milk in the fridge	A: In case she wanted black coffee.
Why do hipsters love 'Raiders of the Lost Ark'	because it was the first Indie film.
Why do people go to bed	Because the bed won't come to them.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends	He's Married
Why shouldn't you get asylum in Russia	Cuz you'd be snowed-in
Why do /r/Planetside moderators dislike the Death Star II	It's a trap.
Why aren't PhDs real doctors	Because real doctors have cures.
Why are horses never overweight	They're on a stable diet.
Why do Jew's love jokes	Because they don't have to pay for them.
Why are jewish people's noses so big	Because air is free
Why can't Michael Jackson drive backwards in a car	Cause he's dead.
Why was Darth Vader upset when he heard George Michael will only play new songs at his concerts	He found his lack of Faith disturbing.
Why can't orphans play baseball	Because they can't find home
Why is a raven like a writing desk	Because there is a ""b"" in both and an 'n' in neither.
Why did Jesus get all the ladies	Because he was hung like this (extends arms to sides)
Why are trigonometric functions always women	Because they have periods!
Why do Black People hate country music	Because when they hear ""Hoe Down"" they think their sister got shot.
Why do fat chicks give good head	Because they have to
Why are woman's feet always so cold in bed	Because they have no soles. Joke my fiancee just said to me.
Why are redneck murders the hardest to solve	All the DNA matches and there's no dental records. Edit: made it to the hot page, my dad would be so proud, if only he knew who i was
Why does Iraq have no Walmarts	Because there's a Target on every corner.
Why did the chicken marry the crocodile	Because Croc-a-doodle-doo is a good family name.
Why did the black Classic major think Oedipus was black	Cause he thought ""casta"" was Greek for ""moms"".
Why do frat bros hate fruit loops	They're eternally disappointed by two-can Sam.
Why do Japanese people love mechs so much	Because of all the metal in their brains.
Why did the Indian not show up for work	He was Sikh.
Q: Why is the most intelligent part of your body so intelligent	A: Because it nose.
Why did the circle stop arguing with the two intersecting lines	Because they had a point
Why is Santa always so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls are.
Why does Donald Trump always seem upset	Because it's better to be pissed off than pissed on.
Why cant we interpret what frogs are saying	They only speak in Morse-toad!
Why don't blind people go skydiving	It scares the hell out of the dog.
Why did Sony pull ""The Interview""	They were afraid it would bomb at the movie theaters
[OC] Why did Pavlov ring a bell every time a breeze entered his room	Air Conditioning
Why did the Portuguese guy take Xanax	Hispanic attacks.
Why was Tigger's head in the toilet	He was looking for Pooh.
Why can't girls count to 70	'Cause 69's a mouthful!
Why did the little boy throw the linen off the bed when he saw a ghost	He was scared sheetless.
Why did the chicken cross the road	I was telling jokes on his side.
Why did princess Diana cross the road	Because she forgot her seatbelt.
Why is leather armor best for sneaking	It's literally made of hide.
Why did hitler kill himself	He saw his gas bill.
Why did the UK's BBFC ban facesitting	They're big fans of teabagging.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg	Because if they didn't stand on any leg they would fall
Why do we drink Tea	because we can't eat it :/ Have a good night/day everyone.
Why are people afraid to play poker in Africa	Too many Cheetahs.
Why do Jewish men watch porno's backwards	That way they can see the hooker give the money back.
Why Can't you see the bacteria in milk	Because it gets past-your-eyes (pasteurized)
Why would somebody punch a sheep	Ewe wouldn't understand.
Why'd the chicken cross the road.	[reasons unknown]
Why don't people in Kuwait know who Obama is	Because they've been living under Iraq.
Why do Italian men grow mustaches	To try to look like their mothers.
Why did the bus stop	Because it saw the zebra crossing.
Why did the polish person marry someone from the other side of the country	Because opposite poles attract
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning...
Why don't blind people skydive	Because it scares the crap out of their dogs.
Why Couldn't Anyone Understand The Mute Mathematician's	They didn't speak sine language.
why didn't Maria go to prom	she had no Juan to go with
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff	Because she was wearing mittens.
Why is Oklahoma so windy	Because Texas sucks and Kansas blows!
Why can't you have two Apple watches	Because then it would be a pair (pear)!
Why couldn't the wizard get the witch pregnant	He had a hollow-weenie
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes	Because he only uses the finest ingredients.
Q: Why is Bill Clinton called ""middle of the  road Democrat""	A: Because he's got a wide yellow stripe down the middle of his two-lane back.
Why did the hipster burn his tounge	Because he ate his food before it was cool.
Why does Felix Baumgartner needs parachute	. when Red Bull gives you wings.
Why does a blonde wear green lipstick	Because red means Stop.
Why does the Egyptian god Ra own every Periodic Table	Because his name is on them.
Why shouldn't you commit a crime in front of an Indian women	She's always recording.
Why can't you run through a campground	You need to RAN through a campground because it's past tents.
Why did the young boat dock before it was ready	Pier Pressure
Why did I eat so much paste in kindergarten	It really stuck to my ribs.
Why did truffle get invited to the party	Cos he was a fun-guy
Why can't you ever see a hippopotamus hiding in a tree	Because they are really good at it
Why do the Dutch enjoy Belgian jokes so much	They're cheap.
Why don't witches like The Keg	Because it's always burned at the stake
Why were the locals dissapointed when an old, decrepit, broken down bus rolled into an Egyptian town	They wished it was Anubis.
Why don't native Americans like snow	We don't like anything white on our land.
Why doesn't Gandalf dress as a pimp for Halloween	So people do not take him as a conjurer of cheap tricks.
Why did Jesus die on the cross	He forgot the safe-word.
Why do women wear make up and perfume	Because they are ugly and they stink.
Why is everyone smiling at me today	*checks fly* *no pants* Aaaah.
Why do seagulls live by the sea	Because if they live by the bay they would be called bagels.
Why are pills white	because they work
Why do women wear bras anyway	If you need something to hold your boobs, men are here.
Why does a blonde woman close her eyes in front of the mirror	To see how she looks like when sleeping.
Why did the guitarist go to prison	For fingering a minor.
Why did the tree go to jail	Treason
Why could Jimmy not drive a tractor	Because he had no arms or legs. Why? Because he is a potato.
Why would someone name a dog ""pistachio""	Because they're nuts
Why is North America so salty	Because its Na.
why should you be afraid of a white man in prison	because you know he's guilty.
Why does my computer say Hello	Because it's a Dell.
Why do people keep buying velcro	It's such a ripoff.
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the one that had a dream got shot!
Why is the homeless /r/anime mod still homeless	Every time someone tries to give him Shelter, he rejects it.
Why was six afraid of seven	Seven was a registered six offender
Why didn't Jesus get into college	Because he got nailed on the boards.
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares the fuck out of the dog.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road	To grab some pussy.
Why is it hard to break up with a Star Trek fan	Because they are such Kling-ons.
Why do wrestlers love video games	Because of the lutte
Why hasn't there been a coup in the United States	Because they don't have a US Embassy.
Why aren't there any 'Knock, Knock' jokes about America	'Cuz freedom rings, baby!
Why is it so hard to help deaf people	Because they never listen.
Why are there no walmarts in Pakistan	Because there's a target on every corner
Why did Taco Bell hire Eminem	Because he's a Wrap God
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because seven was a registered six offender
Why don't ants go to church	Because they are in sects!
Why are all castles disabled	They all have tur-rets
Why is Beyonce always singing about going ""To the left""	Because women have no rights.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To have sex with your mom.
Why does an octopus have 8 tentacles instead of 6	(OC) Because even god thinks ""Sextapus"" sounds ridiculous. (Note: For purposes of this joke, god both exists, and prefers latin.)
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender.
Why don't blind people go skydiving	Because it scares their dogs too much.
Why did the nickel jump of the building but the dime did not	Because the dime had more cents.
Why do people keep picking on fat people	They've got enough on their plates.
Why did the console gamer cross the road	To render the other side
Why do people love working at yogurt factories	Because of the culture!
Why did the monkey get lost in the jungle	Because jungle is massive.
Why does a montonegran man keep a chair next to his bed	So he can have a rest after he gets tired from waking up.
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	Because he only comes once a year.
Why does Ms. Piggy use honey and vinegar douche	Because Kermit likes sweet and sour pork.
Why doesn't the GOP establishment want Trump as their nominee	They hate colored people.
Why do elephants hate flying	The seats are too small.
Why wasn't the bear allowed to drive	Because bears don't have fine *motor* skills
Why was the tree in prison	Because it broke every branch of the law.
Why does the farmer hate his mule	Because when it works, it is always half-ass.
Why is a pizza delivery guy like a gynecologist	They're allowed to smell it, but they get in trouble if they eat it. Teehee
Why was Windows Vista afraid of 7	Because Windows 7 8 9.
Why did Adele cross the road	Because she wanted to say hello from the other side.
Why wasn't the astronaut paying attention	Because he was spaced out.
Why do people think Henry the Sixth was a Norseman	Because he was a VI KING.
Why do the republicans defend the 2nd amendment so hard	They need it to shoot themselves in the foot.
Why do differentiating mathematicians prefer Manhattans to Mojitos	Ryes over rum.
Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware store	Because he wanted a tight seal.
why didnt the pedicurist accept black customers she was blacktoes intolerant	..
Why does Ganondorf hate the internet	There are too many links.
Q: Why are orchestra intermissions only twenty minutes long	A: So the violists don't need to be retrained.
Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice box	Because it says ""concentrate
Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda	To boost his link karma! (X-post from /r/Jokes)
Why did the vampire miss work	He was having a coffin fit!
Why didn't the bike move	It was two tired. Sorry^that^shit^made^no^sense
Why don't witches wear underwear	So they can get a better grip on the broom.
Why did the neck bone explode	It was C4.
Why do the Scottish wear kilts	Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away
Why do hockey players always make terrible birthday cakes	Because icing is not allowed.
Why can't a porn star sneak up on anyone	Because everyone sees them coming
Why did the Siamese Twins travel to England	So the other one could drive
Why did Mozart kill his chicken	Because when he asked the chicken ""Who's the best composer"" the chicken said ""Bach, Bach, Bach
Why are knives always the funniest students at utensil school	Because they're the class cut-ups.
Why can't a bicycle stand up	It is two tired.
Why do apes climb to the tops of buildings	The elevator men are on strike!
Why do grasshoppers not go to many football matches	They prefer cricket matches!
Why did the blind man walk into a wall	Somebody shot his dog
Why do all the lesbians shop at The Sports Authority	Because they don't like Dicks.
Why don't blind people go skydiving	It scares the crap out of their dogs!
Why don't cannibals have dogs	Because you're not supposed to feed them people food.
Why were screams coming from the kitchen	The cook was beating the eggs.
Why would no one listen to the percussion section	Because they couldn't drum up enough support.
Why are there never any cool side affects from drugs	Like ""this drug may cause severe sexiness
Why is there a rape culture	Bcos, to some men, the inability to rape, felt like rape.
Why was Hitler born on 4/20	His mom wanted him to blaze it
Why do gay people smoke cigarettes	They love butts in their mouth
Why did the suicidal chicken cross the road	To get to the... *other* side.
Why did the computer scientist die in the shower	The shampoo bottle put him in an infinite loop.
Why do doctor's offices take your blood pressure AFTER weighing you	Of course it's going to be high then.
[raises hand in English class] Why do we need to be learned English	Hmm.. Couldn't have worded that better myself, Luke
Why was the lizard nervous in bed	He had reptile dysfuncton
Why is getting Christmas presents for your kids just like a day at the office	You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
Why didn't Hitler drink	Because it made him mean
Why do ducks nod their head when they walk	They're listening to duckstep!
Why don't Donald Trump's fans care that his wife ripped off Michelle Obama's speech	Because none of them got to the point in school when they explained plagiarism is wrong
Why is 7 afraid of 8	It's not, numbers don't have emotions.
Why did Jose push his wife off the cliff	Tequila...
Why is King Kong big and hairy	So you can tell him apart from a gooseberry.
Why do herb pickers have so many hobbies	They've got a lot of thyme on their hands
Why did the blonde climb up to the roof of the  bar	She heard that the drinks were on the house.
Why did the snowman smile	Because the snowblower is coming.
Why did Jeb lose support	He was always beating around the bush... Without getting to the (common) core!
Why wont ISIS bomb my local Walmart	...because its not a Target.
Why is Santa's sack so big	He comes once per year.
Why are Americans so bad at chess	Because they don't have 2 towers.
Why do computer programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas	Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
Why are you walking like that	Number one, I crashed my bike yesterday morning, and number two  "" edit: grammar fix
Why did the boy like doing trigonometry	Just cos.
Why does a blonde keep empty beer bottles in her fridge	They are for those who don't drink!
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a six-offender!
Why is there a show called ""When Animals Attack""	It should be called ""When Stupid People Go Near Dangerous Animals.
Why are rich people so concerned with etiquette	Because they have a lot of manors.
Why do vultures find it easy to fly	They only ever have carrion baggage.
Why don't Purdue athletes eat pickles	They can't get their heads in the jar.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	They pushed two twins together to make a king.
Why does the leprechaun laughs when it runs	Because the grass tickles its balls
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party	He had no *body* to go with
Why Doe's Ellen Pao suck	Because of my big tits.
Why do fish live in salt water	Because *pepper* makes them sneeze!
Why do people call memes ""dank""	Because they release dopameme!
Why didn't Hitler drink whisky	Because when he drank whisky, he got *mean*.
Why don't they sell GPSs in Italy	Because all the roads lead to Rome.
Why would they add ""twerk"" to the dictionary	People that would use said word can't read.
Why couldn't the restaurant patron get into his car	He had Gnocchi.
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey	Because he got nailed into the boards (It's a joke not to insult anyone)
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use a urinal	Because the p is silent.
Why are muslim charities the worst to donate to	Because they are for prophet.
Why shouldn't you give Elsa a balloon	Because she'd just ""let it go"". My 6 year old told me this. I will show myself out now...
Why were all the gays winning poker in the 40's	Because they had to keep a straight face
Why doesn't Trump want to release his tax returns	HUUUUUGE write offs for plastic bed sheets.
Why did the scarecrow receive an award	...because he was out standing in his field.
Why was Nikola Tesla a fan of Marvel	Because he didn't like DC...
Why did the paper follow the pencil	Because it LED THE WAY! I'm on a roll here! this is fun! ~Skip
Why did the blonde throw tic-tacs in her spaghetti	The recipe told her to mints her garlic.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Why do Dale Earnhardt Sr fans hate Trump	Because Trump wants to build a wall... and a wall killed Dale Earnhardt.
Why do Nuns always wear Black &amp; White	No particular reason, it's just a habit they have.
Why didn't the camgirl show up for work	She wasn't feeling herself that day.
Why did it take a strong thief to steal a manhole cover	Because only he could pull it off.
Why do women have legs	So they don't leave a trail like a slug.
Why is Europe like a frying pan	Because Greece is at the bottom.
Why does Floyd Mayweather have ""TGIF"" written on his boxing shoes	To remind him that ""Toes Go in First.
why do i love bananas so much	they have a peel
Why did my grandmother knit a sweater for the pepper	I mentioned it was a little chili.
Why did Michael Jackson always lose in a race	Because he always came in a lil behind.
Why did Michael Jackson go to Macy's	He heard boys' pants were half off.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Don't know To get to the idiots house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken
Why are the Dutch such great bakers	They know their way around an oven...
Why do they call them thunder storms and not lightning storms	Thunder storms just *sound* better
Why doesn't The Rock just tell us what he's cooking	I can't pair wines like this.
Why did Windows skip to 10	Because 7 ate 9.
Why do accountants get excited on  Saturdays	They can wear casual clothes to work
Why did the cop wake up his son	To stop a kid napping.
Q: Why don't blind people skydive	A: It scares the heck out of the dog.
Why did the man become a baker	He kneaded the dough.
Why didn't the American get the burger	...because the heart attack got him first.
Why did the mechanic go to art school	Because he wanted to learn how to make a van go!
Why is ink an unwise investment	Because it's a dyeing industry. - This is too obvious a joke to be original, but it came to me during my econ class, and so it's original to me!
Why don't Asians like bowling	Because it's bowring I'm sorry
Why does not a forth-grader ever take the bus home	Because he knew his parents will make him return it.
Why is Barbie never pregnant	Because Ken comes in a different box.
Why was the cookie crying	Because it's mom was a wafer so long.
Why weren't there any black men in the trojan horse	They couldn't fit.
Why did the Baker have smelly hands	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why There is No Readhead in Hell	God does not punish twice.
Why are neutralization reations illegal	They involve assault.
Why Ireland so rich	Because its capital is always Dublin.
Why was the African prostitute arrested for murder	Men kept disappearing in her black hole! (#69BadJokes buy it like everywhere on-line!) ((unless you're a hater of funny stuff ;))
Why was ""C"" afraid of the rest of the alphabet	Because they were ""Nazis""!!!! eyyyyy :D
Why do elephants have trunks	Because they've no pockets to put things in !
Why is the story of the Mayan Sacrifice girl so sad	Because she died a virgin!
Why can't a T-Rex clap	Because it's dead.
Why is the alcoholic law student sad	Because he couldn't pass the bar.
Why did the blonde girlfriend's bellybutton hurt	Because her boyfriend was blonde too! Take a second. I'll show myself out.
Why couldn't the octopus take off her bra	It had suction cups.
Why couldn't Obi-Wan calculate the volume of Bespin from the ideal gas law	Only a Sith deals in absolutes
Why didn't anyone take the school bus to school	I wouldn't fit through the door.
Why do Germans have such great focus	I think it's because they used to have concentration camps.
Why did the duck fly	Because he was high on Quack
Why is Perl Jam's new lead singer fat free	They couldn't find a Butter Man!
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy	Beacuse he was to ""far out man"".
Why was the juice company losing customers	There was no punch-line.
Why did the chicken nugget cross the road	To see the chicken strip!!!
Why is marriage like a tornado	Sure it's all sucking and blowing in the beginning, but by time it is over your house is gone.
Why is PC the mustard race	Because consoles can't ketchup.
Why did the blonde stare at the Ford	It said Focus.
Why did the vampire stand at the bus stop with his finger up his nose	He was a ghoulsnif fer.
Why did the scarecrow get an award	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why did the blond climb over the glass wall	To see what was on the other side.
Why was Game Of Thrones banned from twitter	Because twitter has an 140 character limit.
Why do cows think cooks are mean	They whip cream!
Why could Joseph never get anything done	Because he was always Stalin..
Why did Al Gore get nipple rings	because he heard George Bush had a dick cheney
Why was the UKIP voter angry	Because he didn't like the look of the Poles (for this to make sense, pretend the UK election hasn't happened yet)
Why did the bowler bring two pairs of pants	He wanted a spare in case he had a split.
Why do only 99.9% of dentists recommend Listerine	Because the other .1% is too busy out hunting lions
Why does it take 100 million sperms to fertilize one egg	Because they won't stop to ask directions.
Why did.. Q : Why did Manchester United go to Stamford Bridge	A : Four Nothing
Why don't mathematicians have degrees	They prefer radians.
Why did the chicken get an ouija board	To contact those who had crossed over to the other side.
Why was six afraid of seven	Seven was a six offender.
Why does Z hate being at the end of the alphabet	Because he spends all day with a Y's ass.
Why am I fat	Every time I fuck your girlfriend, she gives me a cookie
Why are the streets of Paris lined with trees	The Germans like shade
Why is it faster to download Midget porn	The files are always smaller.
Why do the police hate teenage fireflies	They never stop lighting up.
Why did the mule fail his math test	He was half-assing it
Why was the couch afraid of the chair	The chair was armed.
Why didn't the skeleton go for the halloween party	He had ""No body "" to go with.
Why was the cow's house empty	She was moo-ving
Why did Sally fall off her swing	Because she had no arms
why did the energizer bunny go to jail	he got charged with battery
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken comes in other boxes.
Why do melons insist on having big weddings	Because they just cantaloupe.
Why is Sigma good at sharing	Because he only ever takes sum of the numbers!
Why can't the Maple Leafs have any tea	Because Boston has all the cups!
Why do Iraqi police officers walk in threes	The first knows how to read the second knows how to write and the  third is to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.
Why did Turkey disappear	Because Austria was Hungary.
Why exactly did the teenage mutant ninja turtles need to wear masks	That shit doesn't fucking add up.
Why do clumsy people get married	They fall in love.
Why are all jewish men circumcised	Because Jewish women will not touch anything unless it is 10% off.
Why would the road cross the chicken	Because it had a death wish. It's well known that no one crosses the chicken and lives.
Why is Reddit called Reddit	Because you've probably read it before.
Why do monks wear the same clothes every day	Because old habits die hard.
Why did Microsoft skip to Windows 10	Because 7 8 9. (For those that haven't heard the news: http://www.polygon.com/2014/9/30/6873967/windows-10-announced-microsoft-pc)
Why did the pharaoh retire	Because he did not want to be part of a pyramid scheme
Why do elephants have flat feet	from jumpin' outta palm trees, duh
Why was the daybreak sad	Because it was in morning.
Why can black women twerk so well	They learned from their father how to bounce.
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey anymore	He kept on getting nailed into the boards.
Why girls want to be mermaids 1	No pants 2. No periods 3. Perfect hair 4. You get to lure men to their deaths 5. Free clam bra
Why did the cow return to the marijuana field	It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Q: Why do men have a hole in their penis	A: So they can think with an open mind.
Why is Monica Lewinsky voting for Donald Trump	Because a Clinton left a very bad taste in her mouth.
Why do they call chicken wings, chicken wings	Cuz they go flyin' out of your butt after you eat them!
Why are jokes about rotten eggs banned	Because they're infeggtious
Why are the majority of school shooters white	Because the black kids don't wanna get kicked off the basketball team.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	Because they push two Twins together to make a King.
why did the ghost crash his ghost car	because he was full of BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS!
Why did everyone make fun of the economist's fetish	He was into inflation.
Why did the hipster never catch a fish	Because he didn't go in the mainstream
Why should you never invest in bakeries	Because they have a high turnover rate.
Why did Anne Sullivan decide on ""water ""for Helen Keller's first word	It was a test she could pass.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see the poof. Knock Knock? Who's there? The chicken.
Why do mexicans only cross the border in pairs	Because the sign reads no ""tres""passing.
Why was the car engine so loud, but the rest of the car terrible	Because torque is cheap
Why does Helen Keller play the piano with only one hand	Because she uses the other one to sing.
Why don't any American football players wear glasses	Because it is a contact sport!
Why did Hitler kill himself	He got his gas bill.
Why can't pirates wear sunglasses	Because they have no buccaneers! Happy speak like a pirate day!
Why does Sean Connery hog all of the oysters at a seafood dinner	Because it's shellfish.
Why do they call them rapeseeds	It's not like the flowers ever consented.
Why did the turkey get kicked out of the football stadium	He tripped a fan
Why don't cannibals like to eat clowns	Because they taste funny.
Why were the Persians attracted to the Anatolian Greeks	Because they were Ionic.
Why do golf commentators speak softly	To not wake the audience.
Why can't you hear a psychologist go to the bathroom	Because the 'p' is silent.
Why is a restless man in bed like a lawyer	Because he lies on one side and then turns around and lies on the other one.
Why wasn't Daredevil in Civil War	He doesn't work well with Vision
Why do russians rush B	To break the rush-A stereotypes
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because he's married.
Why did the thalidomide man get stopped going through customs	He was caught in the possession of small arms
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom	Because the *p* is silent
Q: Why don't women have men's brains	A: Because they don't have penises to put them in.
Why is proctology called proctology	Because analogy was already taken.
Why do they call them 'jews'	'jew gonna do anything with that, 'cause I can take it off your hands?
Why are cemeteries surrounded with walls	Because people are dying to get in there.
Q: Why did the librarian slip and fall on the library floor	A: Because she was in the non-friction section.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because Microsoft 7 8 9
Why was the mother flea feeling down in the dumps	Because she thought her children were all going to the dogs.
Why is a giraffes neck so long	So it can reach its head.
Why was the paralysed man uncool	Because he was lame.
Why can't you give a balloon to Elsa	Because she'll Let It Go.
Why do Muslims not eat pork	Because MaHamHid
Why is it that birds are quickly sold when they come up on the transfer market	They tend to go cheep!
Why is Trump like a man with a tuber fetish	He wants to put the Dick back in Tater.
Why can't two Asians make their own Caucasian babes	Because two wongs don't make a white!
Why are quantum physicists so poor at sex	Because when they find the position, they can't find the momentum, and when they have the momentum, they can't find the position.
Why do you have to separate red shirts when you put them into the laundry	Because red shirts die easily.
Why did the hot dog vendor cry	He burned his wiener
Why doesn't Santa have kids	Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate the pizza before it was cool.
Why did Kim Jong Un's father go to hospital	He was Kim Jong Il
Q: Why did the boy fall off his bike	A: Because someone threw a fridge at him.
Why does Mike Tyson cry during sex	Mace
why is history called his-story	because no one wants to read about 6000 years of cooking and cleaning...zing
Why did the dung beetle go to rehab	He was rolling balls.
Why won't Caitlyn Jenner go to Taco Bell	She doesn't want another Bell not accepting her for who she is.
Why do women love the smell of babies so much	Because 50% of the taste is in the smell.
Q: Why did the little girl bury her flashlight	A: Her batteries were dead.
Why did the chicken cross the beach	To get to the other tide
Why did the Redditor cross the road	To bask in social approval.
Why did Charles Darwin become a scientist	He was just playing to his strengths. It was really a natural selection.
Why couldn't the pregnent women watch all of the Harry Potter movies	Because they lactate.
Why are Plumbers always so tired	Because their job is draining.
Why did the teacher wear sunglasses	Because his class was so bright!
Why wouldn't you ever see a pachyderm on a civil warship	Because an elephant never frigates. aaahhhthankyou
Why can't the plane fly	Because it's grounded.
Why'd the star go to the bathroom	Because it had to twinkle.
Why did the farmer run through his fields with a steamroller	Because he wanted mashed potatoes!!!!
Why was the Router released early from prison	It had connections.
Why do people with heart disease always lose at poker	They have to take ACE inhibitors.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't confuse them with feminists.
Why are bears so hairy	They don't have salons in the jungle !
Why did the Mexican jump the border	To get back to Mexico
Why did the artists stay away from the irritable blacksmith	Nobody wanted to draw his iron.
Why Don't I Have Laugh Lines	Because I never smile. :(
Why are people in jail always mad	Because they are constantly butt-hurt.
Why couldn't the physicists change the lightbulb	Too much work.
Why is divorce so expensive	Because it's fuckin' worth it. A friend's divorce is being finalized today and he often says this.
Why does Jesus eat at Benihana	Because he loves miso!
Why did Bill Gates &amp; Warren Buffett once have me quickly kicked out of a game of bridge	When it was my turn to bid I kept saying, ""Go fish"".
Why was the Mercedes Benz on sales	Because they've removed 6 rows of yellow LED strips...
Why do pedophiles like to play guitar	Because it's completely ok to finger A minor
Why are successful people such assholes	They get shit done.
Why did the frog jump under the lawn mower	He wanted to Kermit suicide.
Why don't Italians do bondage	Because they can't say the safeword while they're wearing handcuffs.
Why can't Caitlyn Jenner lie to her kids	She's a transparent.
Why is George Michaels never gonna dance again	His EKG ain't got no rythym
Why don't Pentacostals have sex standing up	It might lead to dancing.
Why is revenge a dish best served cold	Because it's just-ice
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
Why don't anteaters get sick	Because they're full of anty-bodies !
Why was the gunman on a diet	Because he was still at large.
Why is it customary to drink 8 mojitos a day in Cuba	It's the Hemming way.
Why couldn't Miley Cyrus go to the party	She had to go t'work instead.
Why did the Gluteus Maximus feel bullied	He was the butt of many jokes.
Why do they thank me in the cafeteria when I pay for my food like I had a choice	Just tell me ""enjoy the diarrhea"" and I'll move along.
Why do I only see lesbian couples holding hands	Aren't their hands clammy enough as it is...
Why does Bank of America not have a backspace on the ATM keypad	Because America is never wrong.
Why doesn't men use make-up or perfume	Because we're beautiful and smell good!
Why do robots make bad lovers	Nuts &amp; bolts!
Why did Simba's father die	Because he couldn't Mufasa!
Q: Why did the chicken say ""Meow oink bow-wow and moo	A: He was studying foreign languages.
Why Wasn't Jesus born in Italy	They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
Q: Why do blondes put rulers on their foreheads	A: They want to measure their intelligence.
Why couldn't 5 stop drinking	Because it was 2 turnt up
Why was the skunk angry	He was incensed!
Why can't a fish be a radio host	Because if he goes on air, he'll die.
Why do sharks live in salt water	Pepper water makes them sneeze.
why can't conservatives work at a checkout counter	Because they don't like change...
Why won't Santa be visiting Nigel Farage this year	He only comes if you sleep, not if Ukip.
Why did the Egyptian kid in therapy	Because he thought his daddy was his mummy.
Why can't Edward leave Russia this winter	He'll be Snowden.
Why does China hate Digimon Fans	Because they recognise Ty won
Why are horses so negative	Because they're nay sayers.
Why did the elephants get kicked out of the public pool	THEY KEPT DROPPING THEIR TRUNKS!
Q: Why did the girl spray her clock	A: It was full of ticks.
Why can't fashion designers play uno	Because they always draw a cardigan.
Why are lesbians superstitious	Because they are always knocking on wood.
Why don't orphans play baseball	They have no home to run to
Why isn't the guy who wrote ""Danger Zone"" and the Saved by the Bell theme very active on social media	He forgot his Loggins
Why are tuna fish so bad a playing Tennis	They keep getting caught in the net!
Why didnt the melons get married	Because they cantaloupe
Why do pedophiles love Old Navy sales	Cause all the kid's clothes are 60% off.
Why were Popeye's forearms so big	Because Olive Oyl was saving herself for marriage.
Why did the cyclops quit teaching	He had only one pupil.
Why did the monks go to the casino	Tibet.
Why did the Russians use peanuts for torture in the Cold War	Because in Soviet Russia, Nut Cracks You!
Why did the monster go into hospital	To have his ghoul-stones removed.
Why is the Queen only 30cm Tall She is a Ruler	..
Why couldn't the Mexican be a Firefighter	Because he didn't know the difference between Jose and Hose B.
Why did the poor dog chase his own tail	He was trying to make both ends meet !
Why does nobody like eating with Lionel	Because he is a Messi eater!
Why did the pervert cough when he was caught molesting a pony	He was feeling a little horse.
Why did the hipsters die of dehydration	They stayed away from the mainstream.
Why does it take 2 feminists to screw in a lightbulb	One to screw in the lightbulb and one to give me a blow job while I supervise.
Why did the boy take a pencil and paper to bed	He was told to draw the curtains before going to sleep.
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund	Because he wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why did the blonde girl get fired from the M&amp;M factory	She kept throwing away all the W's.
Why	???? Which service would the with ask if she would check into a hotel??? THE BROOM SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why do programmers always get Christmas and  Halloween mixed up	Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
Why does a midget laugh while running	Because the grass tickles his balls
Why can't you tell jokes to kleptomaniacs	Because they always take things, literally.
Why can't witches get pregnant	Because all their husbands have Halloween-ies!
Why did the integer drown	Because it can't float.
Why can't your wife make crispy bacon	Because she got used to your soft meat.
Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth	He ate his pizza before it was cool. (Written anonymously in the bathroom at work, a pizza joint.)
Why is ship tapered Why is shit tapered	So you're asshole doesn't slam shut. (I was watching my dog take a dump yesterday and this old joke came to mind)
Why does sweden have so many somalis	They have a pirate bay......
Why is Tumblr so odd	Because they can't even.
Why did the boy jump off the dock	Pier pressure
Why did the cow get an award	For being outstanding in his field. Sorry.
Why didn't the bunny get the job as a marsupial	He wasn't koalafied!
Why do people always make such a fuss over how much a newborn weighs	It's a baby, not a stash of heroin.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	Because they push two twins together to make a king.
Why couldn't prehistoric man send  birthday cards	The stamps kept falling off the rocks!
Why was the Mexican bad at archery	He didn't habanero
Why is Kim Jung Un so upset	because he has no Seoul
Why were the hens lying on their backs with their legs in the air	Because eggs were going up !
Why did broke man fall over	He ran out of balance
Why can't Indiana Jones find a long lasting relationship	Bad dates.
Why do cows have hoofs	Because they lack toes
Why are old balloons cheaper than new balloons	Because of inflation
Why did Bill Clinton say NO to testosterone meds	He was afraid of ending up like Hillary.
Why did the cowboy's car stop	It had Injun (engine) trouble.
Why do crippled kids get picked on so much	Because they can't stand up for themselves.
Why did the one-eyed pirate keep running aground	No depth perception.
Q: Why did the farmer call his pig ""Ink""	A: Because it was always running out of the pen.
Why can't a blonde dial 911	She can't find the eleven.
Why did the vampire enjoy ballroom dancing	He could really get into the vaultz.
Why is Pavlov's hair so soft	Classic conditioning.
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white	So he can tell if he's coming or going.
Why don't Hindu rappers have battle raps	Because they got no beef.
Why was the Winemaker arrested	Because he was a serial grapist!
Why do the lawyers for the reindeer say they have to pull Santa's sled	Because they have a claus in their contract.
Why doesn't Mr.Sodium like to spend time with Mr.H20	Because they always get in to heated arguments.
Why did the man throw his clock out the window	Cause the cheating bitch ducked.
Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space	because it couldn't survive in the Battlefield.
Why did the chicken kill itself	To get to the other side.
Why shouldn't you play against Adolf Hitler in Madden	Because he always blitzes.
Why are snakes hard to fool	They have no legs to pull !
Why did the coed have sex with a Mexican	Her professor told her if she wanted to pass, she had to do an essay
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She didn't wear her seatbelt.
Why do 2 bit gamblers never win at blackjack	Because they can only count to 3.
Why can't a prostitute count to 70	Because 69's a mouthful.
Why can't you find any painkillers in the jungle	Because the Paracetomol
Why is seeing a snow leopard on the hunt almost, but not quite the rarest thing in the world	A ready predator is pretty rare, but not as rare as a pretty redditor! :)
Q: Why do Blondes wear padded shoulders	A: So they don't get a concussion while bobbing their from head side  to side as they are saying ""I don't know?"" whenever you ask them a  question.
Q: Why did Bill go out to sea on an aircraft carrier	A: To promote off-shore drilling.
Why do feminists only drive cars with automatic transmissions	It pains them to have standards.
Why can't cows do ballet	Because they lactose.
Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant	He got creped out.
Why did Sarah fall out of the tree	Because she had no arms. Knock-knock! ""Who's there?"" Not Sarah.
Why did the jellyroll	He saw the apple turnover.
Why did Skrillex lose his job at Long John Silvers	He was always dropping the bass.
Why was the mushroom always invited to parties	Because he was a fungi...
Why do Muslims hate Hitler	My friend told me this 'joke' after he found out I was Muslim. Him: Why do Muslims hate Hitler? Me: Why? Him: He didn't kill ALL the Jews.
Why did ygritte break up with Jon Snow	She didn't want six inches of snow all year long.
Why did the suicidal man cross the road	Because he wanted to play chicken.
Why did the chicken cross the road half-way	She wanted to lay it on the line.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom	Because the 'p' is silent.
Why did people call the late man a tiny ass	Because he was a little behind.
[30 Days of Christmas Jokes] Why was Santa's little helper sad	Because he had low ELFesteem
Why didn't the criminal train operator die when he got the electric chair	he was a bad conductor.
Q: Why'd the robber take a bath	A: He wanted to make a clean getaway.
Why did the Irish call their currency the ""Punt""	Because it rhymes with Bank Manager
Why did the chicken not cross the road	Because it was lunch
why is math book so sad	it has many problems...
Why can't an elephant ride a  bicycle	Because he doesn't have a thumb to ring the bell.
Why is it called taking a shit	Cuz no one wants to say they're giving a shit.
Why are men the best chefs	Because with only 2 nuts, one sausage, and a little bit of milk, they can fill a woman's stomach for 9 months.
Why do electricians wear pants	Because they hate shorts.
Why do black people put their trash out in clear plastic bags	So that the Puerto Ricans can window-shop.
Why should everyone vote for Hillary Clinton	Because Bill said she doesn't suck
Why was Hitler confused when he arrived in hell	He did Nazi the Aryan his ways.
Why is it that New Jersey got all the toxic  waste dumps and California got all the lawyers	New Jersey had first choice.
Why did a footballer take a piece of rope onto the pitch	He was the skipper!
Why did the plant get sentenced to death	Cause bush did 9/11
Why did the Trump inauguration look so small	Camouflage!
Why is there cotton in medicine bottles	To remind black people they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers.
Why do we hire Nazis as Game Developers	Because they're Pro-Grammer.
Why is owning a dog better than being in a relationship	My dog can't tell people when I beat it.
Q: Why can't orphans play baseball	A: Because they don't know where home is.
Why are Leprechauns always laughing	Because the grass tickles their balls when they run EDIT: I don't know why I decided to post this..
Q: Why did Clinton choose Canada as the site  for his summit with Yeltsin	A: So he could look up some college buddies who moved up there during the war.
Why don't many buddhists work in the railroad industry	they have too many ohms to be good conductors.
Why are all computer scientists such pessimists	They always worry about the worst case!
Why did the teacher have trouble controlling her pupils	She was cross eyed.
Why do jews have a big nose	Because air comes free of charge.
Why did Adelle cross the road	To say hello from the other side.
Why don't tortoises wear scarves	They have turtlenecks
Why is Iraq like the weather in Britain	Because it's either Sunni or Shiite
Why did princess Diana cross the street	Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Why does the Mexican guy take xanax	For hispanic attacks Edit: Happy Cinco de Mayo
Why is jumping from great heights the most influential way to die	Because you make an impact
Why was the sprout farmer so assertive	He was an alfalfa male.
Why are they called dive bars	Because they have pool
Why so many conservative white Americans voted Obama	Old whites on their deathbeds saw ""the light"" people so often experience when they approach death, and accidentally voted for it.
Q: Why did Moses wander in the desert for 40  years	A: Even then men wouldn't ask for directions!
Why don't black pitchers throw three strikeout in a row	Because they don't believe in the KKK
Why was the Texan afraid of the clock	Because it reminded him that time was moving forward.
Why couldn't the Mexican go hunting	Because he didn't habanero!
Why do most car accidents happen when men are drunk	Because their wives are driving.
Why did the punster enjoy the Broadway show about etymology	Because it was a play on words.
Why was the Muslim arrested for speeding during Ramadan	Because he was going *to fast*!
Why did the gay scarecrows get divorced after their surrogate mother aborted their IVF baby on obamacare	The whole thing was one big straw man argument.
Why does the universe expand	.... All the Milky Ways. You get it.
Why doesn't snake have balls	Because he would look like a dick.
Why does Kim Jong Un love books	Because he is the Supreme Reader.
Why shouldn't you make abortion jokes	It's always too soon.
Why couldn't the founding fathers ever get a date	They were revolting
Why can you trust noone in the savannah	Cause they be lion.
Why did the blonde have blisters on her lips	From trying to blow out lightbulbs.
Why did the hipster go to the gynecologist	To get a Pabst smear.
Why did the alcoholic chop off the little boy's legs	He wanted his *Kidneys*.
Why did all the sea monsters refer to the kraken as a whore when he died	Because he died choking on a bunch of seamen.
Why do butter substitutes have such a hard time	Because they're always being marginalized!
Why can't you trust a person with two butts	Because they're bi-assed.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted! ~~I'm sorry~~
Why did the prostitute get a vagina implanted in her hip	She wanted to make some money on the side.
Why did the witch go commando	She needed some better grip on her broomstick.
Why did Beyonce sing ""to the left, to the left""	Because black people don't have rights.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the ""p"" is silent.
Why was the dictionary on the top shelf more expensive than the one on the bottom...	Because it was a higher definition
Why isn't Luke on the poster for The Force Awakens	He's a bit Shywalker. I'm so, so sorry everyone.
Why are religious people afraid of Trigonometry	Cos they are afraid of Sin
Why can't you feel photons	Because they are light.
Why did the armadillo cross the road	It didn't, it made it halfway and then got hit by a truck.
Why Didn't the Jew Score Another Date with the Asian Girl	Hebrew it.
Why has Ten been flirting with Seven	Because she heard that Seven eight Nine's pussy.
Why don't parrot's like black people	Because Polly wants a cracker.
Why does the French Military install rearview mirrors on their tanks	So that they can see the battle.
Why did Jared lose so much weight	He always went for the 6 instead of the 12
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why Gordon Ramsey hates WWE	Because it's f*cking RAW
Why is your mom like a vacuum	She sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet. Not to mention she also gets turned on by your dad
Why did the Russians lose the space race	Their rocket kept Stalin!
Why does the farmer hate his job	because he has a deep-seeded hatred for planting.
Why is Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson always so sad	Everyone takes him for granite.
Why didn't the Irishman add another bean	He stopped at 239 because if he added another one it would be 'too farty'. It would've been funnier if I could do an Irish accent.
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize	He was out standing in his field
Why did the console gamer cross the street	To render the other side.
why did the little shoe cry	Because his mommy was a sneaker and his daddy was a loafer with only a penny to his name!
Why do parents send their toddlers to the army for daycare	Because they're sending them to the infantry!
Why do gay men hate Jesus	It took him three days to rise again.
Why does Bernie Sanders hate icebergs	Because only the top 1% can stay above water.
Why is Reddit called Reddit	Because you've already read it!
Why was Cinderella kicked off the baseball team	She kept running away from the ball
Why don't atheists use exponents	Because they don't believe in higher powers.
Why did Mickey Mouse leave Minnie Mouse	She was fuckin' Goofy.
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away	You'd run too if your name was ""Raaawwwrgggah"".
Why will Hillary Clinton make a bad president	Because she is a woman.
Why couldn't the physicist get the Standard Model to work	Because it wouldn't commute!
Why does Yasuo never get locked out	Because he always ""hasaki!
Why did the siamese twins moved to England	So the other one would also drive
Why did the biology magazine put a picture of gametes on their cover	Because sex cells.
Why did Hannibal invade Rome	[OC] Well it was kinda hard to avoid, what will all roads leading there and what not.
Why did Michael Jackson call Boys 2 Men	He thought they were a delivery service
Why was the necrophiliac fired from the crematory	He was caught spreading remains before they were cremated.
Why was the lobster arrested	Because he was always pinching things.
Why did lebron change his name to ebron	Because the cavaliers toke the L
Why did the hard drive crash	Because it had a bad driver.
Why is a change machine easy to understand	It makes cents.
Why do accountants make good lovers	They're great with figures.
Why is Uncle Sam's penis Blue and White	You supply the red.
Why are Redditors naturally great at swordfighting	They practice riposting all the time.
Why are track suits so popular song members of the former Soviet Union	Aww cheap. I screwed up the title.
Why does a hummingbird hum	It forgot the lyrics.
Why did Trump have to legally change his first name to Donad	Because Hillary took the L.
Why do mice have such small balls	Because not very many of them can dance.
Why didn't the French soldier fight in the battle of France	He was on a summer retreat!
Why was Yoda afraid of 9	Because 10 9 8
Why do tigers always beat cheetahs at hide-and-seek	They've never been spotted.
Why was the programmer's code incomprehensible	No comment.
Why do mathematicians love talking about Jesus	Because he's a cross product.
Why do they have fences around a cemetery	Because people are dying to get in.
Why was the sand wet	Because the seaweed.
Why did they plant trees in Harlem	Public transportation.
Why is Yoda Programming full of exceptions	Because there is no try.
Why does Wiz Khalifa brush his teeth	Plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow.
Why did the man throw away all the new pennies  he had	Because they were a nuisance (new cents).
Why are aspirins white	Because they work.
Why do health magazines targeting hypochondriacs have so much trouble maintaining subscriber levels	Because none of their readers believe them when they receive a warning that it's their final issue.
Why are so many ghosts alcoholics	Because they love BOOOOoooOOoOoOoooooooze!!
Why are Russians so heartless	Because organ traders offer good price.
why does a boxer have miscarriages.... ...	because she punch backs whenever the baby kicks
Why did the U.S. invade Panama	Just Cause
Why did Kanye blow up the bakery	Because no one man should have all that flour.
Why do ducks have flat feet	To stomp out forest fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks.
Why should you always carry toilet paper to the twilight zone	Doodoo doodoo
Why are blacks so fit	From running away from fatherhood.
Why is the network engineer sad	Because his career is in bits.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
Why would peter pan make a terrible pilot	Because he'd neverland.
Why were the coal miners confident of Theodore Roosevelt	He threatened their boss to use his big stick.
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. quit drinking	Because it was making him moody.
Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive	She was a woman.
Why do cannibals hate Pentecostals	Because they're always throwing up their hands.
Why does it take so long for a nun to get her clothes	It takes 21 days to make a habit.
Why do teenage girls have groups in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why does Mrs. Claus not have any kids	Because Santa only comes once a year and that's down a chimney.
Why did the sun go to school	To get brighter!
Why hasn't any lawyer ever been bitten by a shark	Professional courtesy.
Why shouldn't you invest in muslim-owned businesses	They never show a prophet.
Why didn't the blond want to use her phone while using the bathroom	She was afraid someone would steal her IP address.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because Seven Eight Nine!
Why did God create man first	To give him a chance to speak...
Why does an Ethiopian baby cry	He's having a midlife crisis.
Why is George Clooney unhappy with his sex life now	Because he married her under the impression that Anal was her nickname
Why are Christians so bad at Trigonometry	They're afraid of sin
Why don't witches wear underpants	To get a better grip on the broom
Why did Helen Keller fire her maid	Cuz she left the plunger in the toilet. - Jackie Martling
Why are Mens bathrooms usually to the left	Because women are right.
Why do natives hate snow	Cause its white and its on their land.
Why did the Mexicans only bring 5000 people to the Alamo	They only had two vans
Why doesn't Ganon use the Internet	There were too many Links.
Why did the computer cross the road	To get a byte to eat...
Why don't chicken wear underwear	Because their pecker is on their face.
Why is PMS called PMS	Mad Cow Disease"" was taken.
Why is I such a controlling letter	Because I said so.
Why does Irish bean soup have exactly 239 beans in it	(Irish accent) Because one more and it would be too farty.
Why do ghosts like going out	So they can drink boo-ze and get sheet-faced.
Why do hitman always wear gloves	because theyre always wacking guys off....
Why don't they have driving lessons and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia	They don't want to overwork the camel.
Why couldn't the alcoholic become a lawyer	He just couldn't pass the bar.
Why did the console gamer get a headache at the art museum	Too many frames.
Why do toilets flush after getting pissed on	They get embarrassed.
Why do you call these girls broads	Cause I don't wanna be specific
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own	It's too tired!
Why did the chicken cross the road	so it could get to the other side
Why do gnomes laugh when they go for a run	Because the grass tickles their balls. Merry Christmas!
Why does Peter Parker main spy in tf2	Because SPY DA MAN!
Why are Norwegian women so hot	The Vikings didn't bring back the ugly ones!
Why did the nun get a free hot dog at the fair	Because she spontaneously performed fellatio on the hot dog salesman. This made him feel charitable.
Why is Friday the best day of the week	Its the 5/7 day of the week
Why do they make Raisin Bran commercials	For raisin bran awareness.
Why is the moon so dark	Because the sun beat the daylights out of it. :D
Why is Microsoft skipping Windows 9	Because Windows 7 8 9
Why do most chicken coups have 2 doors	Because if they had 4 doors, it'd be considered a chicken sedan!
Why should you never buy Russian jeans	Chernobyl fallout
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 always follows 6!
Why Chinese vet never hungry	Dog have rice.
Why are cats bad storytellers	Because they only have one *tale*
Why do Seagulls Fly over the Sea	Because if they flew over the bay they would be Bagels
why is 6 afraid of 7	7 ATE 9.
Why don't seagulls fly in the bay	Because they don't want to be bagels.
Why couldn't the bee dress as a ghost for Halloween	Because people are offended by seeing Boo Bees.
Why did the pickle stop being a contortionist	It was to cucumbersome.
Why did King Kong join the army	To learn about gorilla warfare.
Why should you never let a squirrel give you a blow job	Cause beastiality is wrong.
Why did the man bring his jar of jam to the abortion clinic	He had trouble unscrewing it.
Why did the guy at the trainyard get struck by lightning	He was an excellent conductor
Why so serious	A lady asked me if I thought she was wearing to much makeup. I told her it depends ... on whether she was trying to kill Batman or not.
Why can you never catch an economist masturbating	They use an invisible hand.
Why dosn't Jesus christ play hockey	Because he'd always get nailed into the boards
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl use a bathroom	The p is silent.
Why did the forgetful Mexican cross the road	To get to the other side... err, no it was to pick up the laundry... nope, to get groceries? I forget.
Why should you leery of stairs	Because they are always up to something.
Why is the UK suddenly a happy place	Because now they too have a day to light fireworks on!
Why was the heroin dealer arrested at the basketball game	He was talking smack.
Why couldn't Mewtwo move	There was too much friction.
Why did the blind girl fall into the well	She couldn't see that well.
Why are chemists always a part of the problem	Because they can never be a part of the solution.
Why are baseball players so cool	They always have their fans around.
Why do elephants drink so much	To try to forget!
Why can't Rabbis eat pork and Priests can't have sex	Because the Rabbis got to choose first.
Q: why did the chicken cross the road	A: for a totally legitimate reason Now start fucking laughing
Why did the communist Chinese government outlaw Viagra	They didn't want the people to have free elections.
WHY WAS THE BROOM LATE FOR WORK	BECAUSE IT OVERSWEPT.
Why do Asian students do so well in school	Because an Asian without A's is a sin
Why did the hipster break up with her boyfriend	He didn't have all the 7"" he kept talking about.
Why did the fence get busted for having stolen goods	Because it got grassed up by the lawn.
Why did the emo swallow an alarm clock	So he could wake up inside.
Why doesn't Marty McFly drink wine	Too many Tannens.
Why are pirates so mean	They just ARRRRRRRRRRR!!!
Why aren't their any Jewish chefs	Because they aint falling for that one again
Why is it called PMS	Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Why did the dog eat the salad	For ruffage.
Why did the semen cross the road... ....	because I put the wrong sock on today
Why don't landmines work on Africans	Because they aren't heavy enough to set it off
Why did the interrupting cow cross the road	MOOOOOO!!!!
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the bathroom	Because the pee is silent! I'm not ashamed.
why don't men do laundry	cause the washer and dryer don't run on remote control!
Why do men like to be on bottom during sex	Cause they only know how to fuck up.
Why did Adele cross the road	? To say hello from the other side.
Why does Barbie never get pregnant........	Because Ken came in another box
Why fist fights break out at NASA	Sometimes an argument of perihelion will get out of hand.
Why are planes strong	Because they can LIFT
Why was the restaurant called ""Out of this World""	Because it was full of Unidentified Frying Objects.
Why do photons travels slower through water	They having a float-on. it very good
Why was the Shire so shocked when Bilbo threw himself and Sam into Mt. Doom	They were the first citizens they ever lost to a Mordor-suicide like that.
Why is North Korea so evil	Because it's got no Seoul!
Why did the dentist make a poor date with the manicurist	Because they fought both tooth and nail!
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car	Because she's a woman.
Why do Rednecks love cheeseburgers	Because they are in bread.
Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged	Their boyfriends eat with their hats on.
Why was 10 afraid	Because it was in the middle of 9/11
Why it is important that you grow mustaches	So that when you lick pussy they absorb the acids and therefore protect your teeth from falling off.
Why is the Champs-Elysees lined with trees	So the Germans can march in the shade.
Why was I arrested for only 1 year with a $5,000 fine after killing an unarmed African-American man	On charges of ""impersonating a police officer"".
Why is a fat dog so afraid of the dog catcher	Because they're paid by the pound.
Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office	Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.
Why aren't there any white jokes on /r/Jokes	Because jokes are the white man's burden.
Why don't cannibals eat comedians	They taste funny.
Why was the sea snail sad	Because it was abalonely
Why was the farmer hopping mad	Because someone had trodden on his corn !
Why wont Apple ever make a car	Because it can't have windows in it!!!!
Q: Why did the blonde want to become a veterinarian	A: Because she loved children.
Why do mermaids wear seashells	because D shells dont fit
Why should you never run over a black kid on a bike	Because it's probably your bike...
Why will people click on any link with sperm or eggs in the headline	Hey, sex cells.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	He saw what happened to the zebra.
Why can't Bernie Sanders win the election	Because 12 year olds can't vote. Edit: I'm actually somewhat of a Bernie supporter, I'm just joking about how he has a lot of youth backing him.
Why was the little ink blot so unhappy	Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be.
Why Doesn't Donald Trump Buy Toilet Paper	Because he has some toilet-toupee.
Why do ISIS fighters only drink instant coffee	Because they hate the French Press. (This joke used to be more topical)
Why is a pool table green	Well you'd be green too if someone racked your balls.
Why did the scare crow get a raise	Because he was outstanding in his field. Annnnd you all have cancer now.
Why are orphans terrible baseball players	They don't know where home is.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	He Neverlands. I love that joke, it never grows old.
Why can't the Chinese be Nazis	Two Wongs don't make a Reich
Why did the former porn actor get fired from his job as a gas station attendant	Right before the tanks were full, he would pull out the nozzle and spray gas all over the car.
Why cant Schizophrenics be alcoholics	because they never drink alone.
Why was Crassus bad at insults	He never really got the hang of Parthian shots.
Why do girls travel in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why was the broom late	Because he overswept.
Why is ok to leave the lid off a basket of socialist crabs	Because whenever one of them climbs to the top, the others drag it back down.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
Why did the cow go moo	[NSFW] Because (s)he's a fucking cow.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	He wanted to win the no bell prize!
Why do black people play basketball	Because it teaches them how to shoot, run and steal.
Why didn't the cashier laugh at my joke	It didn't make cents
Why are there rugs in front of the stove and the sink	So women know where to stand in the kitchen.
Why did the dish and spoon hide their computer	The cat kept fiddling with i.t.
Why was the chef afraid of cooking steaks on a plane	The steaks have never been higher
Why Adele crossed the road	To say hello from the other side
Why do Asian females have small boobs	Because only A's are acceptable. Heard this from a friend.
Why was the 1 Year old african boy crying	He was having a midlife crisis
Why do black people always die first in scary movies	Because they never run from nothin but the police
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with one hand	So she could moan with the other.
Why don't gypsies use condoms	They have crystal balls so they see it coming.
Why are Muslims so good at driving at night	Because that's when they brake fast.
Why can you ran thourgh a campground but not run through a campground	Because it's past tents
Why do so many Australian men experience premature ejeculation	Because they can`t wait to get out and tell all their friends about scoring.
Why did the computer scientist die in the shower	The bottle of shampoo said, ""Lather, Rinse, Repeat.
Why did EA remove gender restrictions in The Sims 4	They're just doing their small part, because EA loves micro trans actions.
Why is reddit so liberal	Because upvotes are to the left
Why was a missile looking for a job	Because it got fired!
Why did Jerry Hall marry Rupert Murdoch	He's not much to look at, but he's a great listener.
Why do flower beds have mulch	So you can't see their underplants.
Q: Why did Thoreau build a house	A: Because he wanted to be walled-in.
Why do Cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose
Why did the golfer wear two pants	He got a hole in one
Why did the black man go to the golf-club on Sunday afternoon	Because he had a membership.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	He neverlands You really should upvote this joke because it never gets old
Why did Sally fall off the swing	Because she had no arms.
Why don't orphans play baseball	Because they don't know where home is.
Why did the Chicken cross the playground	To get to the other **SLIDE**.
Why don't Jews eat pussy	Because its too close to the gas chamber!
Why do old man's penises have low increases in size	because old men have low young's modulus
Why did the spotted pigs run away	They thought the traveling salesman told the farmer to put his name on the dotted swine.
Why did the old man throw the matress out the window	Dementia
Why did the chicken cross the road	Mayweather won
Why did the former fitter turned baker enter the lottery	To win dough.
Why the chicken cross the road .... to get the Chinese newspaper. Do you get it	Neither do I, I get the new york times
Why did the stripper need more insurance	She had little to no coverage.
Why did team USA get a silver in Men's Diving	Because Steele Johnson always comes second.
Why aren't there Walmarts in Afghanistan	Because there are Targets on every corner.
Why did the hipster die	someone told him billions of people were alive.
Why did the young ghost leave the party	Everyone started drinking boo's. ^^^Happy ^^^Halloween!
Why did the chicken decide not to cross the road	because it did.
Why was the Scotsman buried on the hill	He died.
Why Did The Blind Student Get an F On His Paper	He didn't sight sources.
Why was the ladybird kicked out of the forest	Because she was a litter bug.
Why doesn't Michael Jackson play chess	Because he's dead.
Why is the letter E lazy	Because it's always in bed.
Why did sally fall of the swing	She didn't have any arms . Knock-Knock Who's there ? Not Sally !
Why did the cowboy get a daschund	Because someone told him to get along little doggie.
Why is a divorce so expensive	Because it's worth it.
Why did the University of Kentucky have to put AstroTurf down on the stadium	To keep the cheerleaders from grazing at halftime.
Why should you be quiet in a pharmacy	In case you wake the sleeping pills!
Why is Jesus terrible at hockey	He keeps getting pinned to the boards.
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant	I'm halfway through my fish burger & I realize, Oh my God...I could be eating a slow learner.
Why are black people tall	Their knee grows.
Why was the blonde girl sitting on the roof	Someone told her drinks were on the house.
Why are air hostesses bad at dating	Most men aren't interested in **plane** women.
Why are bodybuilders great pallbearers	They're fantastic dead lifters
Why did the dick go to 7-11	Q: Why did the dick go to 7-11? A: To get a Slurpee.
Why is hay so unreliable	It keeps baleing
Why did the cowboy get a hot seat	Because he rode the range.
Why can't the Muslim crossdresser feed his family	He lost hijab.
Why do Feminists Like to have Sex with the Lights Off	They can't stand to see a man have a good time.
Why Did The NSA Worker Have To Stay In Russia	He Was Snowed In(Snowden) ;)
Why does a farmer fuck his sheep at the edge of a cliff	So the sheep will push back.
Why don't house painters wear wedding rings on the job	Nobody wants to marry an underemployed alcoholic.
Why did the little boy flush a pencil down the toilet	Because it was a Number 2.
Why is Jesus so bad at hockey	Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Why is Jesus so bad at hockey	Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards!
Why is it better to be ashy	cause it just means you spit more fire
Why did the violinist go to jail	For fingering A Minor.
Why did the Hispanic become a mathematician	It takes Juan to know one.
Why didn't the shrimp share his treasure	He was a little shellfish.
Why is Jesus black	Because he's our father, and still hasn't come back yet....
Why did all most of the black soldiers die in Vietnam	When the commander yelled ""GET DOWN"", they all started dancing.
Why did nVidia built the first self-driving car	(on all conditions) Because their drivers keep crashing.
why do blacks like the doctor's office	they operate on black time! 2:00 appointment? pfft show up at 3:30 you'll be straight
Why did the pig break up with her boyfriend	He was a boar.
Why did Trump go to space	Because hot air rises
Why can't you purchase minerals by the gallon	They only come in quarts(z)
Why do men need instant replay on TV sports	Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.
Why Won't Anyone Tell me the Name of Ukraine's 5th Largest City	They keep telling me to stop asking...
Why do blacks smell	So blind people can hate them too.
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners	Because he can't do stand up
Why should you never eat Sonic the Hedgehog	He gives your underwear blue streaks.
Why can't Pirates spell the alfhabet	RRRRRRRRRRRRRgh
Why do warriors make bad business men	They charge too much !
Why did the blonde woman have bruises around her belly button	Because blonde guys arent that smart either...
Why do people think Saint Stephen was a marijuana addict	He was stoned to death.
Why is Wrestling similar to porn	because it's fun to watch when you're younger... but you get depressed when you're told it's fake.
Why did the cow slap the bull	He didn't play well with udders.
Why were ancient Egyptian children  confused	Because their daddies were mummies.
Why did the farmer feed money to his cow	He wanted rich milk!
Why do redditors hate the robot NASA sent to Mars	Because Curiosity killed the cat!
Why are jack-o-lanterns inbred	because they pump-kin
Why is it called ""Alien vs Predator""	Isn't predator an alien too? They should've just called it ""Some Aliens
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	Cause the pee is silent.
Why such hate on Lance Armstrong	I think his riding style is pretty dope.
Why doesn't the postal worker's wife have sex with him on his day off	Because mail men don't come on Sundays.
Why do they bury lawyers 20 feet deep	Because deep down, they're good people. Thanks Saul.
Why did the plumber kill himself	He was sewericidal.
Why don't you take Pokemon to the bathroom with you	... because they might Pikachu!
Why don't astronauts keep their jobs very long	Because as soon as they start they get fired.
[Old joke alert] Why are dwarfs so depressed	Because six out of seven dwarfs aren't happy.
Why do so many /r/thedonald users work in movie theaters	Because they're great at projecting.
Why don't cannibals eat ex-wives	Because they're bitter.
Why did email come easy to the lumberjack	He was already very familiar with loggin' :D
Why does the Mexican guy takes xanax	For hispanic attacks...
Why do the French always were white when pole vaulting	So people can see them surrender from afar. Edit: wrong form of the form ""wear
Why do Native Americans hate snow	Because it's white and settles on their land
Why are so many Italians named Tony	Because when they immigrated from Italy, customs stuck a label on their lapel reading ToN.Y.
Why Did The Alcoholic Comedian Quit Performing	He couldn't handle the boos.
Why don't Rooster's wear underwear	Because their pecker's on their face
Why was the scalar depressed	Because he had no direction.
Why don't Mexican's sweat as much as other races	They don't want to fill up the river as they cross it.
Why was the vampire's girlfriend mad at him	Because she couldn't finish her sentences. Why couldn't she finish her sentences? He kept eating her periods.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon	Because she'll just let it go.
Why is it really hard to convince Egyptians	Because they all live in de-nile...
Why was the blond excited when she finished her puzzle after 6 months	Because the box said 2-4 years!
Why is it hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs	They always take things literally.
Why did Microsoft jump from Windows 8 to Windows 10	Because Windows 7, 8 9.....
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why did Hitler have a vitamin C deficiency	He hated juice.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why is Jar Jar Binks so lonely	He's been Wookie for love in Alderaan places.
Why did Michael Jackson have such a private life	He wasn't nosey.
Why did God create a man before a women	You need a rough draft before you have a final copy.
Why did The Walrus go to a Tupperware party	He wanted to find a tight seal.
Why are there no awards for excellence in betas	Because no one wants to be the master beta tester.
Why did the fly fly	Because the spider spied 'er!
Why was the surfer such a bad cook	All he could handle was the microwave
Why did the pilot hit the Alps	To get to the other side.
Why are fish no good at tennis	They don't like to get too close to the net!
Why can't Chinese emperors commit murder	Because it's irregal
Why is Chinese the best language	It has the most character.
Why are black people so tall	Because their knee grows
Why did a surgeon go to prison	His medical license was doctored.
Why are Americans scared of roundabouts	Centrifugal force scales with mass
Q: Why did the man hit the fortune teller when she started laughing	A: He was striking a happy medium.
Why can't dinosaurs clap their hands	Because they're dead.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put the wrong sock on this morning.
Why is it so hot	I can just feel the sweat roll down kirstie alley's thighs
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl peeing	Because P is silent.
Why is Texas the ""Lone Star"" state	It was rated out of five.
Why do mice have tiny balls	Not very many of them know how to dance
Why run from kids	When you could eat them
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he Neverlands
Why do petri dishes make good conversationalists	They're cultured.
Why is there a flap on the back of the Navy uniform	So the Marine have something to hold on to.
Why does snoop dog need an umbrella	Fo' drizzle....
Why do french people love eating snails	Because they hate fast food
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	Because he only comes once a year!
Why do women have short feet	So they can stand closer to the sink
Why was Windows afraid of 7	Because 7 8 10.
Why did Beyonce sing ""to the left, to the left""	Because she knew Niggas have no right.
Why do I have to steal the Death Star plans	Nothing this big stays secret. Just Google them. There's probably a torrent somewhere.
Why do orphans go to church	It's the only place they can call someone ""father"".
Why do penguins have skinny penises	because they only have flippers
WHY DO COWS LIE DOWN IN THE RAIN	TO KEEP EACH UDDER DRY.
Why didn't the melons get married	They cantaloupe.
Why do you wrap gophers in electrical tape	So they don't explode when you fuck 'em.
Why do black people have nightmares	Because we killed the only one that had a dream
Why didn't hitler ever cook hot dogs at a bar-b-que	He always tends to burn the franks.
Why did the competitive deep-sea diver lose the big competition	He couldn't handle the pressure.
Why Tom Hiddleston wasn't in age of ultron	Maybe Tom Hiddleston wasn't in age of ultron cause he's trying to stay low key.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it was a repost.
Why did the arsonist get kicked off the basketball team	He kept getting pyro-technicalities.
Why are gardeners better problem solvers than politicians	Because gardeners really get to the root of the problem.
Why the musician sold his computer	.. Not enough gigs.
Why does the ""forever alone"" keep a beehive next to his bed	Because royal jelly comes in handy... you know, for lowering cholesterol.
Why is a crazy marmalade cat like a biscuit	They are both ginger nuts !
Why does John Snow wear a Rolex	Because he's a man of the nice watch
Why was 6 afraid of 7	? Because 7 had Ebola.
Why did the stonemason break up with the female con artist	She took him for granite.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Flat out racism.
Why isnt Monica Lewinsky voting for Hillary	The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth.
Why do teenage girls only hang out in odd-numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why was the Energizer Bunny jailed	On charges of battery.
Why is Pharrell Williams happy	Because he ""got lucky"".
Why did the toilet make a joke about the balls	It was low hanging fruit.
Why was the Astronaut cold	He forgot to bring a space heater.
Why does Santa come down the chimney	Because Mrs. Claus told him he'd never get in the back door.
Why do Cows have Hooves instead of Feet	Because they Lac-Tose.
Why did the lone dolphin stop swimming	He didn't see a porpoise...
Why was the OCD race car driver so fast	Because he had anal prolapse.
Why was Thor so worried about his hair looking good	because he is a Norsissist.
Why did the student act crazy each time he worked on math homework	He was on crystal math.
Why is it called finding nemo	been wondering for years
Why did my friend throw my computer out the window	So A Dell could message me and say Hello from the other side.
Why did the french guy not help his friend fix a pipe	He said he would assister.
Why does Pakistan never get a corner during a football match	Every corner they get, they open a shop on it
Why did the blond take a ruler to bed	To see how long she slept.
Why don't they call the Batman film ""The White Knight"" instead of ""The Dark Knight""	Because no one would care that he died.
Why did the condom hit the wall	Because it was pissed off
why is a divorce so expensive	Because it's worth it.
Why can't you fool an abortion	It wasn't born yesterday.
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer	'Cause the grass tickles their balls when they run
Why is six such a nervous number	**sinko says** it's because of some cannibalism story going around.
Why was the Scandinavian atheist warm	He had Thor doubt.
Q: Why was Jon walking backwards on the first day of school	A: Everyone kept saying it was back to school time.
Why did the vulture have to check some luggage at the gate	It was only allowed one piece of carrion.
Why did the thoughtful father buy his six children a dachshund	He wanted a dog they could all pet at once.
Why did the airplane fall out of the sky	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread
Why won't the witch let the traveling pig actors into her gingerbread cottage	She's afraid they'll bring down the house.
Why are there so many body shops in heaven	Abortion.
Why would you be scared to get Ebola	You haven't left your couch since 2011.
Why can't I trust my Walmart calculator	It's always 7% off.
Why don't lobsters like to share	Because they're ""shellfish
Why do people at Disneyland hate coke heads	They're always cutting lines
Why did the computer overheat	Because windows wasn't open.
Q: Why is a dog's nose in the middle of it's face	- A: Because it's the scenter.
Why doesnt justin bieber shop at Sports Authority	Cause he prefers Dicks.
Why did the cloud get $10M for having a fight	He was the raining champion.
Why don't blind people skydive more often	It scares the shit outta their dog! - - - -  **Now how do the blind people know they're about to hit the ground ?** The leash gets slack.
Why does Woody Harrelson's wife call him Moses	Because he Ramparts the red sea each month
Why do they call him shitman	His name is steven hitman
Why do men want to marry a virgin	To avoid criticism and comparison.
Why was the hipster so successful in the stock market	He invested before it was cool.
Why is diabetes like a fumble recovery	Because you didn't know they had it.
Why did the baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken...
Why doesn't Reno Jackson like torrenting	Because he's always fighting pirates XD
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	because they are ugly and they smell bad
Why did God kick Joe Paterno out of Heaven	....because he picked Michael Jackson as his new assistant coach.
Why was the wall in a store	Because it's wal-mart.
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize	Because he was out-standing in his field.
Why is Arrested Development funny	Because the farce is strong with that one.
[NSFW] Why do hipsters like anal sex	Because it's indie ass!
Why was the 40 degree angle so nice to the 50 degree angle	Because its very complementary!
Why do hamburgers make good baseball players	They're great at the plate!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the ""P"" is silent.
Why did the Boeing 747 crash into an orphanage	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread!
Why did the psychic get fired	Because she didn't see it coming.
Why is it impossible to play UNO with Mexicans	Because they keep stealing all the green cards.
Why didn't the sun go to college	Because it already had a million degrees.
Why do french doctors always book followup appointments	Because they have a knack for retreat-ing
Why did the macaroni cross the street with a bible	Because it's a pastor ;)
Why did the chicken cross the road	To knock knock on the door, walk into the bar and change the lightbulb.
Why don't Boxers have sex before a fight	They don't like eachother
Why does nobody laugh at zombie-Peter Pan's jokes	He always tells them with a dead Pan face.
Why does Bill Cosby carry around a nutcracker everywhere he goes	So he can bust a nut without having to rape anybody.
Why did Simba's dad die	Because he didn't Muv-fasta
Why do so many math majors confuse Halloween and Christmas	Because Oct 31 is Dec 25
Why can you trust chocolate but not marshmallow	Because chocolate doesn't make a peep.
Why did the bicycle fall down	because it was two-tired.
Q: Why did the blonde give a blow job after sex	A: She wanted to have her cock and eat it too.
Why did they name golf golf	Because fuck was already taken.
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip	to get to the same side.
Q: Why shouldn't you listen to people who have just come out of the swimming pool	A: Because they are all wet.
Why did the console player cross the road	To get the game 6 months earlier
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the 'P' is silent!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the 'P' is silent.
Why was the man selling CDs at 12:30 a.m.	Because his mixtape was to die for...
Why do stop lights turn red	You would turn red too if you had to change in front of everybody.
Why don't ducks blow glass	To many quacks
Why can't you find an Abbey National at the North Pole	Because Santa dere.
Why do people keep asking me what I'm going to be doing in three years	I don't have 2020 vision.
Why black people are so good with basketball	They can shoot and steal without being arrested.
Why do female skydivers use tampons	So they don't whistle on the way down! (Ba-dum tish)
Why did the blind woman fall down the well	Because she couldn't see that well.
Why do they use liquid soap in the Navy	It takes longer to pick up
Why can't the bike stand by itself	Because it was two-tired.
Why do women have smaller feet than men	So that they can get closer to the sink.
Q: Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year	A: Because they're sending their turkey to the White House!
Why couldn't the life guard save the drowning hippie	Because he was too far out man.
Why did Jesus run off the airplane	He didn't like the Pilate
Why did princess Diana cross the road	She forgot to wear a seatbelt.
Why did the ghost get kicked out of the bar	1. Because he was sheet faced. 1. Because he couldn't hold his boos. EDIT: Formatting.
Why is a horny walrus the same as a Tupperware enthusiast	They're both looking for a tight seal
Why did the butcher die	Because he chopped off the wrong sausage.
Why is everyone in the Soviet Union always in a hurry	Why is everyone in the Soviet Union is always in a hurry? They're all Russian.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	He didn't have the guts to.
Why couldn't the bike stand by itself	because it was two tired
Why don't you see elephants hiding in trees	Because they're so damn good at it
Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5, and 6 come out before 1, 2 and 3	Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why don't they have Oktoberfest in Africa	Because nobody there is much of a drinker.
Why did Mike Dukakis lose the 1998 Presidential election	He TANKED his campaign!
Why don't pirates ever stop going to brothels	They can't get enough booty.
Why did the semen cross the road	I put the wrong socks on this morning.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women can't resist anything 25% off
Why does the sad crab walk side ways	Because he has nothing to look forward to
Why do men get their great ideas in bed	Because their plugged into a genius!
Why do school nurses bring a red crayon to work	So they can draw blood
Why was the guy wearing the fedora upset	Because you didn't ask him what band he's in.
Why must rabbits never miss dinner	With out their tea they'd be Rabbis.
Why doesn't Thor of the insect world use a hammer	He's already got a Thor Axe.
Why do rapists go after fat women	Because no one will believe them.
Why did the chicken cross the road	It got its head cut off
Why didn't George like driving through tunnels with people in his car	He didn't want to get carpool tunnel syndrome.
Why do black men cry after sex	From the pepper spray.
Why did the dog fail his driving test	Because he's a dog. Dogs cannot drive.
Why is there no phone books in china	Because theres so many wings and wongs you wing the wong number.
Why are organ donations low	Because most people have pianos
Why did Brazil lose the World Cup	Weak back.
Why did the cop cross the road	To shoot a black kid.
Why couldn't the pig run	He pulled his hamstring!
Why couldn't the police arrest the drug dealer	Because the evidence was under their noses (They sniffed the cocaine)
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his pizza	He ate it before it was cool.
Why is history called His story	Because it's written by the Victors, not the Victorias.
Why did 6 and 8 dislike 7	They thought 7 was pretty odd.
Why do you love your baby so much	You've only known it for like 4 weeks.
Why was the harvester pleaded guilty	Cause he's a cereal killer.
Why do men like love at first sight	Because he knows it's all over as soon as she opens her mouth.
Why did the atheist fail algebra	He didn't believe in higher powers!
Why is Adam known as the first accountant	He turned a leaf and made an entry.
Why shouldn't you burn scented candles inside of a Buddhist shrine	Because doing so would be incense-itive!
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks this morning *Edit: Not my joke but haven't seen it here and thought it was funny :)*
Why did the Mexican fail English 101	He wouldn't turn in his essay
Why do new Irish mothers keep dying	Because they lack taters
Why is star wars the most disgusting movie	Because its the most grossing.
Why couldn't the banana get a date	It didn't have a peel.
Why can't a nihilist use a pencil	.... because they cant find the point.
Why do white girls walk in groups of odd numbers	Because they literally can't even.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot..
Why do cops get mad when other cops have jurisdiction over a case	I'd be like cool I'm going home to eat.
Why did the rabbit run out of the fast-food restaurant	He thought he heard someone order a quarter pounder on a toasted bunny.
Why should Rihanna date the Edmonton Oilers	Because they don't beat anybody.
Why did the doughnut maker retire	He was fed up with the hole business.
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election	Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why would you never starve in the desert	Because of all the sandwiches there.
Why are envelopes and papers white	Because blackmail is illegal.
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than improving their minds	Because most men are stupid, but few are blind.
Why did ranch break up with chicken wings	Because he blue cheese...
Why was the EDM producer bad at fishing	Because he kept dropping the bass
Why was 6 afraid of 5	Because 7 8 9
Why do black people hate country music	When they hear the word ""hoedown"" they think their sister got shot.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers	? In case he got a hole in one
Why do they say you are what you eat	I don't know but everyone calls me an asshole.
Why do white girls always stay in groups of odd numbers	Because they can't even...
Why did the duck get kicked out of church	Because he was using fowl language!
Why do Java programmers wear glasses	Because they can't C#.
Why do Asian girls have small breasts	Because their fathers want them to have A's.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	because she's dead
Why can't T-Rex's high five	Because they're all dead.
Why'd the man buy a 30 pack of condoms instead of the 10 pack	.. So he'd get the best bang for his buck.
Why is a good husband like bread dough	Because his wife needs him.
Why wouldn't Chad Kroeger (lead singer of Nickelback) have sex with Helen Keller	Because she's a woman!
Why did the blind fly starve to death	? Because he couldn't see shit
Why do hurricanes have girl names	First they are all wild and wet, then they take your house.
Why were there 5 Mexicans in a Ford	It was a Fiesta
Why didn't the patient sue the dentist for pulling the wrong tooth	Because it was accidental.
Why did the horse miss the joust	He had the knight off!
Why was the teacher arrested for writing in permanent marker	He wrote ""1 + 0 = 0"" and then spent the rest of the lesson trying to rub one out...
Why did the car judder to a stop when it saw a ghost	It had a nervous breakdown.
Why hunt for vampires when you can just open a tuxedo shop and have them come to you	Work smarter, not harder.
Q: Why are bison such good musicians	A: They have fantastic horns.
Why couldn't the troll catch any fish	Because other people took the bait.
[nsfw] why do Jewish women prefer circumcised men	They'll take anything that's 30% off
Why would the jewish cannibal eat you	For-Skin
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Cause 7's a nigger.
Why are camels called ""The Ships of the Desert	Because they're full of Arab semen.
Why don't Africans go on cruises	They're not falling for that one again.
Why did so many people show up to see the cannibal get cremated	His family advertised it as a barbecue.
Why did the family not laugh at the Obstetrician's joke	... Because he screwed up the delivery...
Why is Santa's Sack so big	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the man get fired from the orange juice factory	Because he couldn't concentrate.
Why did Micheal Jackson want to be a camp counselor	He would give Merit Badges for pitching a tent.
Why do people call the deceased ""late""	They aren't late.. They aren't coming.
why do people romanticize the 1950s	like calm down, we still have milkshakes and racism
Why do women find the guy in 50 Shades of Grey sexy	beats me
Why doesn't Anne Coulter have any loose skin	She's afraid someone will make a lampshade out of it.
Why did the mexican man throw his wife off a bridge	He wanted tequila.
Why did the guitarist go to prison	Because he fingered A Minor.
Why couldn't the psychic fit in the small shirt	Because he was a medium
Why did the auditor cross the  road	Because he looked in the file and that's what they did last  year.
Why would anyone ever want to fly Virgin Airlines	The last thing you want to do is get on a plane that doesn't go all the way.
Why are Pentacostals so good at kissing	They have the gift of tongues...
Why does Noddy wear a giant red hat with a yellow tinkling bell on the end of it	Because he's a cunt.
Why did hitler kill himself	He looked at the gas bill.
Why do pigs love Halloween	There's lots of hogsgobblin.
Why did God give women yeast infections	So they would have to know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt too.
Why is it so confusing to play chess with the British	It's only check, mate
Why did santa and Mrs. Claus go to marriage counseling	Santa only cums once a year.
Why do people from Istanbul always swim	Because they're constant in a pool.
Why couldn't the 5 year old go to the pirate movie	It was rated PG-13.
Why did the hen fall in the well	she couldn't see that well
Why do hunters close one eye when they aim	Because they can't see if they close both.
Why do Australians take forever to play chess	Because they never make it past the first check, mate.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 the headphone jack
Why don't cats play poker in the jungle	.. ...theres too many cheet-ahs
Why does Dr Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife died.
Q: Why did the Eskimo wash his clothes in tide	A: Because it was too cold out tide.
Why can't geometry teachers tell good jokes	They go off on tangents.
Why do German showerheads have 11 holes	Jews only have 10 fingers.
Why did the guy kick the broom out of his house	It swept with his girlfriend :P
Why did John F. Kennedy take a cab home	Because he had too many shots.
Why is Jesus' body bread	Because given enough time it rises
Why did the cowboy adopt the weiner dog	He wanted to get a long little doggy!
Why do you hate a nosey pepper	Cuz he's jalapeno .business
Why do emo's always act so sour	Because you can't spell Lemon without emo.
Why does a space rock taste better than an earth rock	It's a little meteor
Why is Thors bother so secretive	Because he tries to keep things Loki...
Why should you tell bad jokes to cocaine addicts	Because they'll crack up anyways
Why are quantum physicists bad lovers	When they find the position, they can't find the momentum. When they find the momentum, they can't find the position.
Why did the left alt key and the right alt key break up	They needed some space.
Why don't blind men go skydiving	Because it scares the shit out of the dog!
[NSFW] Why does a walrus love Tupperware	Because he's always looking for a tight seal.
Why did the chicken cross the road	[NSFW?] To get to the little bitch's house. *knock, knock* The chicken.
Why did the guy from Brooklyn cross the road	None of your f**king business.
Why was the ocean always sad	Because the beach never waved back.
Why did the tractor trailer mechanic always have half an erection	Because he was constantly nursing a semi.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other COCK!
Why did the tomato blush when it saw the salad dressing	It was embarrassed.
Why does Mommy always say no	Well Son, if Mommy said yes all the time you'd have 20 more siblings.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Friend 1: Why did the chicken cross the road? Friend 2: To get to the idiot's house. Friend 1: Knock knock Friend 2: Who's there? Friend 1: The chicken
Why are most selfies taken in the bathroom	Cause that's where the shit belongs
Why is the magnet on medication	Because it's bipolar
Why do they call me the fireman	Cause I turn on the hoes
Why should white blood cells never discuss God	Because they would be using the lord's name in vein
Why are fried onions like a photocopy machine	They keep repeating themselves.
Why does a chicken coupe have two doors	If it had four, it'd be a chicken sedan!
Why cant clinton stand straight	Because she is Crooked.
Why was the horse always mad at the mule	It kept half-assing everything.
Q: Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year	A: They've been having turkey for years.
Why do jews have such big noses.	Because air is free.
Why is cowgirl my girlfriend's favorite position	Because she says I'm only good at fucking up.
Why did the doctor lose his job	He lost his patience
Why is Toblerone shaped like a triangle	To fit in the box.
Why is Mrs. Claus disappointed	because Santa came early! I'll let myself out.
Why are crosses not in fashion	They're too God-y
[NSFW] Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only comes once a year.
Why do white girls only go out in odd numbered groups	Because they literally can't even.
Why do cannibal children go to the hospital	Because their mothers told them to eat their vegetables.
Why did the grammar nazi request someone else's tombstone to be placed on his grave	He was a big fan of transferred epitaph.
Why Couldn't Bill Gates Get A Girl Friend	Because his penis was Microsoft.
why didn't the clothing drive at the homeless shelter not work out	..nobody gave a shirt.
Why do happy Asians always have dirty hands	If you're happy and you know it, crap your hands.
Why are black people tall	Because they knee grows..
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because D shells are too big and B shells are too small.
Why is Cam Newton's house so dirty	He doesn't pick up after himself.
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend	Cause Sheeran.
Why was the tomato blushing	It saw the salad Dressing
Why don't you want to take a Pokemon into the bathroom	Because it might Pikachu.
Why shouldn't you look at a cup of ranch	Because it's still dressing.
Why does the easter bunny hide all the eggs	Because he doesnt want anybody to know he is fucking the chicken.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong socks today
Why was the Spanish train the primary suspect	It had locomotive. (I'm not sorry)
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank hot chocolate before it was cool.
Why is the part of a woman between her hips and her breasts called a waist	Because they could've easily fit another pair of tits in there.
Why does it suck to be black and Jewish	You have to sit at the back of the furnace.
Why is China so politically in bed with Africa	Because China is the biggest coal burner in the world
why didn't the bicycle cross the road	because it was two-tired.
Why did the farmer hang raincoats all over his orchard	Someone told him he should get an apple Mac
Why did the chicken	Q: Why did the chicken cross the road naked? A: Because chickens don't wear clothes.
Why does Karl Marx's toilet play music every time you flush it	Because of the violins inherent in the cistern.
Why are hurricanes named after women	Because they arrive wet and wild then leave with your house and car
Why do people assume I know all about computers just because I'm from India	That makes so I angry I just want to 01010010101010101010101
Why was the little shoe sad	[His father is a loafer.]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4_OBPxJgjY) I'm here all night
Why can't a chicken wear underwear	Because his pecker is on his face.
Why do black cats never shave	Because 8 out of 10 cats prefer whiskas !
Why couldn't the bike stand on its own	It was two tired
Why do managers bring suitcases along to away games	So that they can pack the defence!
Why would Hilary Clinton as president be good for the economy	We would only need to pay her 78 cents on the dollar.
Why did the french chef go to the police	Escargot stolen.
Why did the baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken
Why does the ocean roar	You would too, if you had crabs on your bottom!
Why does lanolin oil smell exactly like cow semen	don't ask me!
Why do fish always sing off key	Because you can't tune a fish. Say it outloud if you don't get it. I made this one up in first grade IIRC.
Why are African Americans called Negroes	Because their dicks grow to their knees. Negro=knee grow
Why are Peter Pan's jokes not funny	Because they Neverland
Why aren't jokes in base 8 funny	Because 7, 10, 11.
Q: Why wouldn't the skeleton jump off the cliff	A: Because it had no guts.
Why is the space between a women's tits and hips called a waist	They could easily fit another set of tits in there.
Q: Why didn't Noah go fishing	A: He only had two worms!
Why are housing prices in Toronto falling	Because the market got flooded.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because their women don't want it unless it's 10% off
Why do Trump supporters enjoy polish people at his rally	.. so that they can say that their ahead in the Poles. Polish gram-pa said it.
Why is Jeopardy the #1 show in the U.S.	Because Michael Douglas starred in ""Double Jeopardy"" in 1999.
Why did Jim Morrison cross the road	To break on through to the other side.
Why do you never see a church with free Wi-Fi	Because no church wants to compete with an invisible power that actually works.
Why did the traffic light turn red	You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street.
Why did the blind man swing his seeing eye dog around by the tail	He was taking a look around
Why was the monster sitting in his Easter  basket	He was trying to hatch his peanut butter eggs!
Why did the farmer screw their sheep on a cliff	They push back harder. (Told to me by my NZ step father about Australians, of course.)
Why is the quadratic formula so cool	Because it has 'ac'.
Why is glue white	If it were black it would run. It just wouldn't work.
Why is a guy in the Navy called a seaman	You are what you eat!
Why did Loki want the tesseract	to get rid of his tesserection
Why can't Java programmers see well	Because of the eclipse
Why can't you keep a secret from cattle	They herd
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers	Because they cant even.
Why didn't the ghost have any babies	Because he had a Halloweenie! (Hollow-weenie)
Why are hurricanes named after women	Because they come wet and wild and they leave with your house and your car
Why should you never trust advice from a group of gryphons	Half of them are lyin'.
Why do Mexicans make burritos	So they can unwrap something for Christmas!
Why did the farmer sit on a cock	Because he was gay.
Why does everyone like the KKK	Cause they're the best!
Why doesn't Hitler run a marathon	Because he can't finish a race.
Why don't women blink during foreplay	They don't have time.
Why did the barber win the race	He knew a short cut.
Why did the man throw his watch out the window	He wanted to see time fly!
Why is wrestling stupid	? It's a bunch of guy's without pants fighting for a belt....
Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river	Tequila
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle	Because the parrots eat them all
Why did the chicken cross the road	To move out of range of North Korea's long ranged missiles.
Why is the demand for potato chips rising in China	They need clean air.
Why was hans crying at dinner	Because the meat was Chewy.
Why does Mel Gibson never order a French Dip at a restaurant	Because it comes with Au Jus.
Why are redneck murders so hard to solve	Because it ain't murder if they had it comin'!
Why was my other pillow jealous	Because I like to sleep around.
Why did Hitler kill himself	The Jews sent him a gas bill.
Why do we never run out of math teachers	Because they are always multiplying.
Why are teachers happy at Halloween parties	Because there is lots of school spirit!
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants	In case he got a hole in one.
Why are hemorrhoid and diarrhea so hard to spell	Like if you're talking about them, you aren't having a rough enough time already.
Why are lazy farmers so great	Because they are just out standing in their fields.
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why did Richard leave his home this morning	For Harambe.
Why is 88 better than 69	Because you get ate twice.
Why did George Washington leave office after his second term	He wanted to set a president.
Why did the Ethiopian cry when he opened up a read only document	It wasn't editable.
Why do hurricanes always have female names	At first they are wet and wild, but then they take away your car and your house.
Why do Retirees smile all the time	Because they can't hear a word you're saying!
Why is the next Windows version 10	Because 7 8 9
Why don't the Germans care about the word, 'nichts'	It means nothing to them.
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive	She was a woman
Why do Mexicans eat so many beans	Because they're versatile, a good value, and contain lots of protein you racist fuck.
Why are women called bitches	Because they both run after sticks and balls.
Why was Santa upset when he got a sweater for Christmas	Because he was hoping for a screamer or a moaner.
Q: Why do ducks look so sad	A: Because when they preen their feathers, they look down in the mouth.
Why don't ghosts make good magicians	You can see right through their tricks.
Why was Hitler a pussy	Because he had nein lives!
Why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his PC	Because it was on old croc.
Why did the Ottoman empire collapse	Once your stack of Ottomans gets to a certain height it will fall over.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because she flirted with the road's husband.
Why do white girls always hang out in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why do French tanks have rearview mirrors	To see the battle.
Why did the motorcycle fall asleep	It was two-tired.
Why did Tigger look down the toilet	To find Pooh!
Why did the cat stop singing	Because it was out of tuna.
Why did the cold war last so long	The US couldn't stop Stalin.
Why do Indians hate snow	It's white and it's on their land.
Why would someone in jail want to catch the measles	So he could break out.
Why don't black people dream	Because the last black person who had a dream got shot.
Why'd the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee	Because he drank it before it was cool.
Why should you never let a non-metal drive a train	Because they're poor conductors! (I know they're called Engineers but cut me some slack, I thought of this in the 9th grade.)
Why did the rooster get 20 years in prison	He got caught on the internet, looking up chicks.
Why do windbreakers smell bad	Because all they do is break wind.
Why did the bee go to the doctor	Because he had hives.
Why did a girl leave his boyfriend for a mushroom	because he wasn't a fungi!
Why hasn't anyone seen or recorded humpback whales having sex	They like it deep.
Why does the pedophile like Halloween	Free shipping.
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week	A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.
Why do power lines hum	Because they don't know the words.
Why is Light Beer like sex in a canoe	It's fucking close to water
Why can't the bicycle stand on its own	Because it's two-tired
Why was the cook sad when all the water in his pot boiled away	Because he mist it.
Why couldn't the skeleton go to the prom	Because he was fat and ugly and no one liked him
Why did the english student get an F	His poem had ABAD rhyme pattern.
Why did the kid eat his homework	Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake. -My 6 year old Nephew
Why are art contests so disappointing	They always end in a draw
Why was the ukelele teacher put in jail	Becuase he was caught fingering A minor.
Why did it take so long for the postie to deliver the missing jigsaw piece	He had a bit of a puzzle in his hands
Why is Barbie's boyfriend afraid of commitment	He's a chic Ken.
Why did the electrician multiply distance and voltage	Because he forgot his voltmeter at home.
Why do feminists hate the portrayal of women in the media	Because only men can be seXY.
Why is it good to post jokes about feminists	It promotes equality.
Why are most weather forecasters men	Because when they promise a foot, you know you're only getting three inches.
Why was Fibonacci afraid of 5	...because 5 8 13!
Why do male prostitutes make more money than females	Because they always drive a *Hard* bargain. :D
Why do burgers run the gauntlet	To test their meattle!
Why do comedians always have such bad sleeps	Because they fall asleep funny!
Why should you always carry a knife around	Because sharp wits won't always give you the edge.
Why is a pig in a water trough like a penny	Because its head is on one side and its tail is on the other.
Why did the blind blonde cross the road	because she was following her seeing eye chicken
Why did the skeleton not go to his prom	he had noBODY to go with.
Why do you have to nuke siberia twice	The first one is just to break the ice.
Why do the poles shift	to find better jobs
Why did the Seahawks pass the ball	To get to the other side!
Why is Santa so jolly	...Because he knows where all the bad girls live!
Why would you stay friends with an ex-girlfriend	When you get fired from a job, you don't stay around and watch other people do your job.
Why can't you play UNO with a Mexican	They steal all the green cards.
Why do women wear perfume and makeup	Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why did they skip Windows 9	Because 7 8 9!
Why didn't the weightlifter like doing chest exercises with Coke cans	Because it was soda pressing.
Why'd the pervert cross the road	He couldn't pull out of the chicken
Why do Mexican students act like they own the school	Because there mom cleans it and there dad fixed the roof
Why did the dog jump into the sea	He wanted to chase the catfish!
Why was the strawberry sad	His mom was in a jam!
why was the 6 month old African baby crying	(updated) ""Cuz he just got dunked on!
Why do so many white people get lost skiing	It's hard to find them in the snow.
Why doesn't Oedipus swear	Because he kisses his mum with that mouth.
Why does the baker have so many loaves	Because they bred.
why did no one listen to the wheelchair joke	It had no back story.
Why does Bernie always hold the podium while giving a speech	It's tough to stand on your own when you have no spine.
Why aren't there more women in STEM	Because they're stupid and illiterate.
Why is Rob Zombie good for the health of Redditors	They see his AMA and turn off the computer.
Why did the condom go flying through the air	... It got pissedoff.
Why are black people fast runners	They have 3 long strong legs.
Why couldn't the American fly home from Russia after the Olympics	Because he was Snow'den.
Why wouldn't they let Helen Keller drive a car	Because she was a woman
Why did the snowman have his pants down	Because he heard the snowblower was coming.
Why are oranges like bells	You can peel (peal) both of them.
Why can't your hear a pteradactyl go to the toilet	Because the p is silent.
Why can't you fool the aborted baby	It wasn't born yesterday.
Why don't lobsters share	They're shellfish.
Why do people draw sunglasses on the sun	It's like, dude, he's the sun. They make sunglasses because of him.
Why is hockey the bloodiest sport	It has three periods.
Why is it detrimental to have a robot with repressed sexual interests	It has some kinks to work out.
Why do Muslim extremists prefer to drink cappuccino	Because they hate french press.
Why should you eat your soup in a cup	So that it's not ebola soup.
Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only comes once a year
Why did the idiot stare at a carton of orange juice	It said 'concentrate' on it
Why is faith greater than science	Science made buildings and planes but faith brought them together.
Why does skrillex suck at fishing	He always drop the bass. sorry
Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his driveway	Because he was snowed in.
Why did the police arrest the Christmas goose	They suspected it of fowl play.
Why did the cup fall over	Because it was drunk.
Why don't Muslims have dirty minds	Because they're so easily brainwashed.
Why do they call it PMS	Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken
Why do black guys like overweight white women so much	Good credit and a fat ass.
Why was the Mathematician frowned upon	He was a chronic math-debater
Why do we call lady parts beavers	Because they devour wood.
Why did the scientist get punched in the restaurant	He ordered some NaCl.
Why did the Indian pedophile miss work	He was feeling a little Sikh.
Why did the black man have a heart attack	afrosclerosis
why didn't the american leek want to talk to the japanese leek	because it was negi
Why do Russians love Pho so much	Because they're so...viet.
Why don't they teach sex-ed and drivers-Ed on the same day in the Middle East	Because the camels can't handle it.
Why is the new Windows OS called Windows 10	Because 789
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9. To be read: *seven ate nine*
Why was the desperate teen spinning in circles around the hot chick	Because he really wanted that beyblade.
Why did the Siamese twins move to England	So the other one could learn to drive. Courtesy of the movie ""Man on the Moon"".
Why is camping so fun	It's in tents!
Why do vegans give good head	Because they are used to eating nuts
Why was 6 afraid of 7	because 7 RAPED 9!!
Why did Adele cross the road	To say Helllllooo from the other siiiiide. My daughter came home from school with that one.
Why is a train a bad person to go to the bar with	Because all he says is ""Chug Chug Chug
Why does the U.S. Navy use powdered soap	It takes longer to pick up.
Why would anyone ever think gay people tear apart the fabric of society	They love fabric.
Why doesn't the KKK like Halloween	Too many spooks.
Why can't you eat soup in the Matrix...	Because there is no spoon....
Why was the 4 year old African kid crying	He was having a mid-life crisis.
Why did the Jews wander in the wilderness for 40 years	Someone dropped a penny.
Why did Trump refuse the debate with Bernie	Because chickens tend to run from people with a last name of Sanders.
Why don't black people go on cruises	They aren't falling for that again...
Why do spoons live such diverse lives	They like to mix it up.
Why would John F. Kennedy make a horrible boxer	Because he can't take a shot to the head.
Why does Santa Claus like to go down the chimney	Because it soots him!  Beat that!!
Why did the comedian quit boxing	He always missed the punchline.
Why is Yoda the worst copilot	Yoda, are we still going the right way?"" ""Off course we are
Why did the Duck flying in the sky get Shot	Michael J Fox was hunting rabbits.
Why are books the only thing advertised as ""Wherever books are sold	You can't sell other stuff by saying ""Wherever you get this shit, IDK
Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards	They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
Why are Mexicans called spics	Because they spic spanish.
Why do dogs hate outer space	Because they strongly dislike vacuums.
Why are Catholics the worst drivers	They always pull out at the last second (usually to avoid a child).
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think men care.
Why didn't the Christmas Cake go to the dance	He had his raisins...
Why does Skeleton Soup taste so poor	It lacks body
Why did the teacher have her hair in a bun	Because she had her nose in a hamburger.
Why do the Irish wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.
Q: Why did the rabbit eat lunch under the sink	A: He found a leek there.
Why couldnt Helen Keller drive	Because she's a woman.
Why does the Leaning Tower of Pisa lean	It is italicized.
Why would Koreans make great jazz musicians	Because they have Seoul.
Why are orphans terrible at baseball	They've never known what home is.
Why does Karl Marx hate earl grey	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why don't drug addicts hang out at the beach	They don't like getting sand in their crack.
Why do engineering students call themselves engineers	You don't hear a law student call themselves a lawyer, or a gender studies student call themselves a barista.
Why should you never let a panda into a chemistry lab	Because it will create pandamonium
Why did Tigger look in the toilet	He was looking for Pooh.
Why are all italian men named Tony	Because when God made them he stamped TO NY on their foreheads
Why do worms taste like chewing gum	Because they're wrigleys !
Why was the beaver homeless	He just couldn't give a dam.
Why did the lady with multiple personality disorder share her food with a friend	Because Sharon is Karen.
Why was the hipster sweating	...He wore a scarf before it was cool.
Why is Michael Jackson not able to back into a parking space	Because he is dead.
Why do Hippies love Didgeridoo	It is as close as they can get to making love to a tree.
Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages	Because there were too many knights.
Why was the hipster wearing a sweater in July	Because he was cold before it was cool.
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation	Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Why did the man kidnap 100 children and kill 10 of them	So that only 90 kids will remember.
Why are muscles poisonous	Because my biceps are killer.
Why is your nose in the middle of the face	Because it's the scenter.
Why did Rick Astley get fired from his job at the video store	Because he refused to rent someone a copy of the Pixar flick ""Up"".
Why people don't offer chair to Sean Connery when he comes	Because he shits on it.
Why is the ulna the second funniest bone in our skeleton	It's near-humerus.
Why do cemeteries have fences around  them	Because people are dying to get in.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because Jenny is a hoe
Why wasn't the chemist concerned when she blew up her experiment	Oxidants happen,
Why did the vampire have pedestrian eyes	They looked both ways before they crossed.
Why are gay guys with big dicks the first ones picked at the bar	Low-hanging fruit
Why would Gabe Newell be a good president	Because then World War 3 would never happen
Why did the USSR agree to a nonaggression pact with Nazi Germany	They were Stalin.
Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why did the pervert cross the road	Because he couldn't get his cock out of the chicken.
Why didn't the gunpowder plot work	Because gunpowder is black.
Why do lesbians like Sports Authority so much	Because they hate Dick's!
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	He was too far out man!
Why doesn't Santa have any children	He only comes once a year and that's down the chimney.
Why shouldn't you ask if someone's a Texan	Because if they are they'll tell you, and if they aren't you don't want to insult them.
Why is Stephen Hawking so controversial	He never changes his position.
Why does Puff Daddy have nice hair	Because Sean Combs.
Why was the airport depressed	It had a terminal illness.
Why ""hooters""	Who decided breasts looked like owls? They were wrong.
Why is the letter 'B' commonly regarded as a pervert in the alphabet	Because he can see the D
Why should you never race with a guy from Finland	Because they're already Finnish before the race even began
Why was Hillary thrown out of a restaurant	She trashed the bill. Alt punch line 1 (u/Causative): She demanded her own private server and tried to have her meals removed.
Q: Why did the bird get a ticket	A: It broke the law of gravity!
Why was the Xbox 360 named as it was	Cos when I seen one i turnt 360 degrees and walked away Playstation for life xD
Why are Microsoft circuit boards so bad	They use French resistors.
Why should you never get into an argument with a dictionary	Because they'll always have the last word.
Why is diarrhea hereditary	It runs in your genes.
Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings.
Why did the stupid boy wear a turtle neck sweater	To hide his flea collar.
Why can't you trust an atom	Because they make up everything...
Why did the snooker player go to the toilet	To pot the brown.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 ate 9. 7 also got herpes from 14 and stabbed 23 through 30 in a gang fight.
Why is Santa Claus so horny	Because he only comes once a year!
Why is Italy shaped like a boot	Cuz there's no way that amount of shit can fit into a normal shoe
Why did Kelly fall off the swing	She had no arms. Knock Knock? Who's there? ....Not Kelly.
Why was the broom late	It overswept!
Why did the kid cross the playground	To get to the other slide. Edit: spelling.
Why does the internet always mourn the death of politicians	Because they are always lion about everything.
Why were there only 1000 people at the Million Mexican March	They only had 2 trucks.
Why can't Quentin Tarantino make a good first impression	He's always getting off on the wrong foot.
Why Men Are Forgetful Men's boobs are forgetful	because they have no mammary's
Why is a gay guy dating someone named Andy particularly useful	Because he might come in Andy
Why are orphans bad at baseball	They have no idea where home is.
Why was the monkey attracted to the paint	Cuz it was yellow and appealing! Sorry if this is bad. Seen too many of the same jokes here and I wanted to add an original joke.
Why did Popeye beat up the Pope	He heard he was going to Mount Olive
Why didn't rail Castro want to be President of Cuba	He didn't want to play second fidel
why is oral sex better than cake	Because you cannot have your cake and eat it too
Why did Putin forget his backpack at home when leaving for school	He was Russian.
Why can't orphans play baseball	Because they don't know where home is
Why did the mother of twins name both of her sons Edward	Because two Eds are better than one.
Why can't the T-Rex clap it's hands	Because it's extinct.
Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice carton	It said ""concentrate"" on it!
Why Can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle	Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible. Also, he has Parkinson's disease.
Why did the coach prohibit the blonde from giving any bj's to the team	The guys complained about the blow-dryer being too hot ...
Why did the chicken cross the road	Some insensitive asshole was tapping it to certain death on his iPhone.
Why did the footballer hold his boot to his ear	Because he liked sole music!
Why did the elf have to play with Mega Bloks	Because he was Legoless
Why doesn't a window scream when you shatter it	Because it's paneless.
Why was the rooster happy after his trip to Vegas	He got clucky.
Why're they called hemorrhoids	Surely they should be called asteroids? :]
Why do spies never use capitalization	They like to stay low-key.
Why don't chickens have lips	Because then they'd have soft peckers
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie	Because he was too far out.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants	Because its pecker is on its head. That was on South Park last night and made me lose it.
Why do political yes-men use so much Raid	Because they're sycophants!
Why was the gay guy fired from the sperm bank	He was caught drinking on the job.
[JOKE] Why did the guitar teacher get arrested	For fingering A minor.
Why did the pirate date the mermaid	He thought finding X in her algebra would lead to booty.
Why did the gambler think he was in heaven	He found his pair a' dice!
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated	Too Mennonite.
Why did Hitler make such a bad weatherman	Even when it was rain, he kept yelling ""heil!
Why should you never mention the number 288	Because it's two gross. source: someone told me this joke, it's not my joke.
Why can't you starve in the desert	Because of all the sandwiches there.
Why do dogs run in circles	Because its hard to run in squares !
Why does Edward never leave Russia	He's always Snowden.
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Why Would Clint Eastwood be Bad at Restructuring a Business	He can't remember if he fired 5 or 6.
Why does Luke Skywalker never have trouble getting laid	Because he always uses the force.
Why don't soccer players get hot while running	Because they hve so many fans
Why are Americans so bad at MOBA games (League of Legends, Dota, Heroes of the storm, etc.)	They can't defend towers.
Why does a German always have the last laugh	He has to wait for the verb.
Why did Paul Walker cross the road	Because he wasn't wearing a seatbelt
Why did the aliens choose to not invade and enslave the human race	Because they're not garbage collectors.
Why Did The Boy Drop His Ice Cream	He Got Hit By A Bus.
Why did the squirrel swim on its back	To keep his nuts dry
why are there fences around graveyards	people are just dying to get in there these days.
Why did the students need a ladder to get into school	It was a high school.
Why did the chicken cross the ocean	To get out-of-range of North Korea's nukes.
Why don't off duty police men fire grenades into children's cribs	If you're good at something never do it for free.
Why did Anthony Kiedis cross the road	To get to the Otherside.
Why couldn't the butter quit his gambling addiction	HE WAS ON A ROLL!
Why can't a lesbian diet and wear make up at the same time	Because..........It is hard to eat Jenny Craig with Mary Kay on her face.
Why can't you fart in an apple car	It doesn't have windows.
Why did Arthur have a round table	So no one could corner him !
Why is a rat and a jew alike	you can find both running through the sewer after a nice hot shower.
Why did Nixon never drive on the highway	Because he always took the low road.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why did New York get all the lawyers, and New Jersey all the toxic waste sites	New Jersey picked first.
Why do husbands die before their wives	They want to.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He was stuck in the chicken.
why don't foot fetishists ever win anything	because they like the taste of defeat. i'm not even sorry.
Why Didn't* the Chicken Cross the Road	Because he was too chicken! Sorry.
Why do Irishmen hate Kia	Because gingers don't have Souls.
Why are there no bungalows in France	Because the French have many flaws
Why can't silverware go on good road trips	Because every time they set out, they eventually come to a fork in the road.
Why are guys so bad at math	They can't tell the difference between 3 inches and 9 inches.
Why can't mexicans pass the border in groups of three	Because there's a sign that says No Tres-passing
Why did the feminist accuse her teacher of misogyny	Because he'd D graded her.
Why was the blonde's belly button bruised	Her boyfriend was blond, too.
Why is the O in Opossum silent	Because it's playing dead.
Why did Helen Keller scream	Her parents left the plunger in the toilet.
Why did the girl fall off the swing	Because she had no arms....
Why did the cowgirl name her pony ink	Because it kept running out of the pen!! My favorite joke when young :).
Q: Why did the blonde become a big basketball fan	A: Because every time they stopped the clock, she thought that she had stopped aging.
Why are drums a fire hazard	Because they're flam-able. Ba-da Bum tsss.
Why can't redditors sew	Because the thread has been locked by a moderator
Why was the dieting Roman so thrilled	His toga size went from L to XL.
Why can't Ken get Barbie pregnant	He cums in another box
Why is a giraffe's neck so long	Because it's head is so far away from it's body.
Why don't Chinese Restaurant owners do their dirty dishes	Because it's too much wok! [Sorry, I just made that up!]
Why are Americas so Hung up on the constitution	It's fucking ancient.
Why does the Trump campaign hire people in groups of three	One who can read, one who can write, and one to keep an eye on the other two ""elitist intellectuals.
Why did Michael Sam, the first openly gay NFL player, say he doesn't shop at Sports Authority	Because he prefers Dick's.
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant	...Because Burger King didn't wrap his whopper
Why are steak puns so rare	Because they are never well done.
Why are people into Flat Earth Theory	Because it's edgy.
Why do midgets laugh when they run	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why did the golfer need to buy a new pair of socks	Because he got a hole in one!
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their balls	So they don't have hairballs!
Why can't Sweden win a race	Because, it always sits right behind the Finnish line
Why did they name themselves AC/DC	Because that's the chord progression in all their songs.
Why did the doorman get a raise	He was always out standing.
Why do white guys hate black guys so much	Because their sisters love fucking black guys more than them.
Why did the chicken attend the seance	To get to the other side.
Why did Hitler send people to concentration camps	Because they had ADD.
Why is a bullet like a gay man	When it gets it in the ass, he blows his load!
Why is Biotite the hottest mineral	Excellent cleavage.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong socks before I went for a walk.
Why did the run-on sentence get worried	Her period came late.
Why is Santa so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. Happy Holidays Fun!
Why did dave go into the backseat	Because kurt called shotgun.
Why do they call it a cheese grater	Because nothing is greater than chesse.
Why do they call camels the ships of the desert	they are filled with Arab semen.
Why are diapers like $10 bills	Because you have to change them.
Why can't Helen Keller Drive	She's dead.
Q: Why did the mirror have 6 holes in it	A: A blonde tried to shoot herself!
Why did Hitler break up with his girlfriend	She was a nein out of ten
why should you never sleep with a female beekeper	she might give you herbees
Why did the stool not listen to the stepladder	Because it wasn't his real dad
Why can't Kim Kardashian find her asshole	He's back on tour.
Why are teenage girls so much better at English than boys	Girls, like, have a much better, like, grasp of, like, similes.
Why can't your children be like my office voice mail	Seen but not heard
Why was the bicycle laying on the ground	Because it was two-tired
Why do hockey players wear so many pads	Because they have 3 periods every game!
Why do white girls only travel in packs of 3's	Because omg they can't even.
Why did the python return his pants	They were too constricting.
Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics	It wasn't going over too well.
Why do push up bras not work for some girls	Because 0x0 is always 0.
Q: Why is a room full of married people empty	A: There isn't a single person in it.
why are black people so good at basketball	because they can shoot steal and run!
Why was the lettuce scared of the salad	Cos.
Why did Moe finally decide to kill of Homer Simpson's son	he realized he was a Bartender
Q: Why did the Italian boy want to grow a mustache	A: So he could look like his mama.
Why is Jupiter both the favourite and most hated planet for Jews	Favourite because **Jew**piter is the biggest planet in the solar system Hated because it's a gas planet
Why didn't the other viruses hang out with The Common Cold	Because he is a bad influenza
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware store	He was looking for a tight seal.
Why do people put orange clothes on their kids at pumpkin patches	I almost picked a fat one up until it screamed.
Why did Donald Trump win the Republican nomination	Don Rickles is dead.
Why can't you run in a camp ground	You can only 'ran'; it's past tents.
Why was the cannibal expelled from school	Because he kept buttering up the teacher.
Why did the condom fly across the room	It was pissed off
Why did the fish not get accepted into college	His grades were below sea level
Why did the Bear dissolve in water	He was polar
Why did kurt pull the trigger	He couldn't get hole out of his head
Why are sandwiches better in space	They are always a bit METEOR!
Why are people not right in the head	Because on the left side of the brain there is nothing right and on the right side there is nothing left!
Why aren't Jewish Youtube celebrities's work viewed at night	Because they're stars-of-day-vids.
Why did the scarecrow earn a promotion	Because it was outstanding in its field
Why will the artist formerly know as Prince only hire former FBI agents as his house maids	Because they must be able to ""dust for Prince"" I'll see myself out now
Q: Why did the bass player get mad at the  timpanist	A: He turned a peg and wouldn't tell the bass player which one.
Why did the popular kittens not want to hang out with the kitten with a prosthesis	[OC] It was an obvious faux paw. ^Credit: ^My ^wife's ^a ^dork.
Why is pulling out 100% effective for superman	They never survive the 1000ft fall to earth. (Thanks Drawn Together)
Why do cows wear bells	...because their horns don't work.
Why couldn't Cauchy lose any weight	Because every time he saw a street pole he imagined two pies.
Why are women so afraid of looking stupid	Because they don't want the world to know!
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was too far out.
Why did the servant of the Airplane King get executed	He was not Boeing.
Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe	Because it's fucking close to water
Why aren't there any Jewish Jedis	Because they lose their Force skins :D
Why does Tyler Perry put his name on everything he makes	So you know what shows *not* to watch.
Why didn't the math professor with a speech impediment get any work done	He was always mathturbating.
Why did Sally fall off the swing	Because she had no arms Knock knock Who's there? Not Sally
Why are jews not creative	Because they can't think outside the BOX.
Why wasn't Boy George any good at English	because he always put 5 commas before chameleon.
Why didn't the mentally challenged kid finish his math test in time	Because he was too slow.
Q: Why was a blind man's leg wet	A: Her dog was blind too.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	Because he saw the gas bill.
Why isn't the speed of light Asian	Because it never gets better than a 'C'.
Why don't crabs give to charities	They are shellfish.
Why was the lesbian mermaid fired from the bakery	She was eating all the muff-fins.
Why did Thor file a police report	Because someone stole his thunder.
Why don't ghosts have legs	Because they're so white the can't dance.
Why did Jesus get pulled over for drunk driving	He had a blood alcohol content of 12.00%. It's made of wine, after all.
Why didn't the terminator upgrade to windows 10	I asked him and he said, ""I still love vista, baby!
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo' drizzle.
Why did the man get a job as a horse handler	He wanted stable employment
Q: Why do blondes drive VWs	A: Because they can spell it.
Why is the new Star Wars film called Rogue One	Because it's a rogue film - a Star Wars prequel that won't be complete shit.
Why was the russian airforce less superior than their enemies	Cause their airplanes kept STALIN!! (Ill see myself out...)
Why did a man eat a clock	He wanted to pass some time.
Why do jews have big noses	Because air is free.
Why did I wear no jeans today	my supply was short.
Why did the girl fall out of the swing	Because she didn't have arms.
Why did the sperm cross the road	... Because I put on the wrong pair of socks today.
Why did the farmer take a milk bath	Because he's too tall for a milk shower.
Why don't Bill Cosby's Lights Work	He required that their circuits have no resistance.
Why did the worker at the M&amp;M factory get fired	...he threw out the W's
Why does Middle Eastern civilization have no major accomplishments	.
Why did Helen Keller mastutbate with one hand	So she could moan with the other.
Why did the baker go to work	He kneaded the dough!
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 kept blowing up and starting on fire
Why did the cop climb the tree	He worked for a special branch.
Why do female zombies have such a terrible sex life	Because whenever they shout, ""I want you inside me."" all of the guys run away.
Why'd they call the egg a pimp	Because he got ova easy.
Why did the boxer date the pretty girl	Because  she was a knockout!
Q: Why do Greek men wear gold neck chains	A: So they know where to stop shaving.
Why are artists the only guys who can sleep with comedians	Because drawing is the only way to make a comic strip.
Why are blonde jokes so short	So men can remember them.
Why does Santa Clause have such a big sack	He only comes once a year.
Why was the blond staring at a carton of orange juice	Because it said concentrate.
Why Did John Lennon Get shot	Yoko Ducked
Why did the Mexican cross the road	Because there isn't a fucking wall in the way
Why did the mexican push his wife off the cliff	Because he wants tequila. Literally.
Why can't Asians make white babies	Because two Wongs don't make a white
Why did the zombie get a gym membership	Gaaaainsss
Why did the nickel jump off the building but the dime didn't	The dime had more cents.
Why did peasants hate knights' outfits	Because everyone hates chain mail.
Why do men give their penises names	Because they don't want a total stranger making 90% of their decisions.
Why did the actor fire his Gorilla agent	The big Ape kept wanting to take more than a 10% bite!
Why do Donald Trump's hands seem to act erratically and sometimes seem to stop where they are at the worst times	He suffers from low-handwidth...
Why are Nazis so good at math	They always come up with the final solution.
Why was the salt upset.	Because his best friend went to join the peperami.
Why was Lindsay Lohan feeling sleepy	He was buying drinks.
Why couldn't Jesus waterski	Because he never existed.
Q: Why does Father Time wear bandages	A: Because day breaks and night falls.
why didn't the rabbit like his beer	not enough hops
Why can't ducks tell jokes when they fly	Cause they would quack up.
Why did the blonde crawl over the glass wall	Because she wanted to see whats on the other side.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To say hello to the other side.
Why didn't the Avatar want to fight the Fire Nation	Because they gave him Aang-xiety
Why was a 9 year old allowed on a shooting range	In my school yoyo's were banned after Jenny got a black eye doing an 'Around the World'
Why do Chinese knights have a low rate of survival	They all have chinks in their armor.
Why did the coach go to Aldi	To get his quarterback.
Why don't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is!
Why don't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is.
Why did the rope not get any presents	Because he was knotty.
Why are mountain jokes the best	Because they're HILLarious
Why is outer space so clean	It's a vacuum!
Why was the kitchen full of awkward sexual tension	Because the pot never called the kettle back.
Q: Why isn't Barney the Dinosaur allowed to drive	A: Because everybody knows -- tyrannosaurus wrecks.
Why did the wine critic get kicked off the nudist beach	Because he was walking around with a semillon (semi-on)
Why are black people like sperm	Only one in a million actually works.
Why did they call off the leper hockey game	.. ... there was a face off in the corner.
Why are black people so tall	Because their knee grows...
Why did the monkey put a bone in his mouth	He wanted to smoke a joint!
Why don't blind people like skydiving	Scares their dogs.
Why can't redneck murder mysteries be solved	Because all the DNA is the same and there are no dental records.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens	Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say ""Bach bach bach!
Why can't single women fart	They don't get an asshole till they get married.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good  student	Because education pays off in the long run!
why don't programmers like nature	because it has too many bugs
Why is sex like a bridge game	You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Why did the Christmas tree get thrown in prison	Treeson.
Why are there no Jews on Jupiter	Because it's a gas planet
Why did God create stock analysts	In order to make weather forecasters look good.
Why doesn't America knock	Because freedom rings
Why can't women be botanists	Because they'll break the glass ceiling.
Why is everyone in an Internet cafe hungry	Server Not Found.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To show the opossum it could be done.
Why was the Formica factory so inefficient	Everything they did was counter productive.
Why does more black people get run over during the day	You can't see them when it is night.
Why Are Jews Considered Optimists	They cut a little off before they know how big it's going to be.
why were the people in the twin towers so upset	They ordered pepperoni pizza, but all they got was plain
Why isn't there a Jared's for boys	Oh wait, there is.
Why do people make offensive jokes about inbreeding	It's retarded.
Why was the cop absent from work	He had swine flu
Why do pirates like TIG welding so much	Because they have a good supply of ARRgon.
Why did the bee get married	He found his honey!
Why do Russian cars have such a bad rep	Because they're always Stalin.
Why did the alcoholic quit his acting career when the audience jeered at him	He couldn't handle his boos.
Why is Jennifer Lawrence the only one freaking out about the nude photo leak	Because she's the only one with a fat load on her face.
Why do witches have stiff joints	They get broomatism !
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess	Because he is dead.
Why did the vampire have to get glasses	Because he was blind as a bat! (My 4 year old sister came up with this one yesterday)
Why does santa have such a large sack	Because he only comes once a year
Why don't black people dream	The last one who did got shot.
Why is the sport of cricket called cricket	A: **Because it's boring.** *Was told this by a 10 year old, and didn't quite get it at first, but I think it's rather genius.*
Why aren't healthy drive-thrus a thing	I want an egg and a grapefruit and a latte and I don't want to get out of my car damn it.
Why doesn't Nigel Farage like election forecasts	He dislikes ~~poles~~ polls How do you type jokes that rely on similar sounding words? It hard :(
Why does Tiger have to take so many baths	Because he plays with Pooh all day.
Why aren't there any Muslims in Star Trek	Because it's the future
Why did the hippie lifeguard not save the drowning boy	He was too far out man!!
Why are pirates angry after leaving the bathroom	Because after ""p"" comes ""irate
Why don't hydrocarbons make good criminals	They're always getting com-busted.
Why do divers fall backwards into the water	If they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Why doesn't anyone let Trump go fishing with them anymore	He always takes the bait...
Why is it the only thing a woman wants out of a man these days is security	Well it's the first thing they say when I approach them.
Why do hippies like to swim way offshore	Cause it's far out, man
Why I don't watch science documentaries with my mum	Man on TV: Microwaves travel at the speed of light Mum: Fuck me, that's impressive. Microwaves are heavy.
Why do the French stink	So blind people can hate them too
Why can't cats live on Mars	Because Curiosity kills the cat.
why do philosophers love the ocean so much	because it's deep!
Why are terrorists so mean	Because they don't like Nice people.
Why did Mexico reduce the number of days an American tourist can stay in their country from 180 days to 90 days	Because after 90 days in Mexico, even they try to enter the US illegally.
Why did the azn cross the road	his parents beat him daily for A- grade.
Why are the best accountants twins from Prague	Because they always double Czech their work!
Why was 6 scared of 7	Because 7 raped 6 when he was 4.
Why couldn't the anarchist draw a straight line	He didn't have a ruler!
Why don't Mexicans take drivers Ed and sex Ed on the same day	They have to give the donkey a break.
Why didn't the neuron cross the road	It was Nervous
Why did the gamer start working out	He wanted to finally get respecced.
Why did Dracula miss lunch	Because he didn't fancy the stake.
Why didn't the blond call 911	She couldn't find the 11 on the dial pad.
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella	Fo Drizzle.
Why do girls wear so much make-up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink.
Why should you always take two Mormon's fishing	Cause if you take one, he'll drink all your beer
Why do elephants jump across rivers	So they won't step on the fish.
Why do Pillows work	Cause they're white
Why did Kelly Clarkson cross the road	Because of you.
Why couldn't the Buddhist monk send his mother a birthday card via email	He had no attachments.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	It wasn't born yesterday.
Why are oil miners and police men mortal enemies	One brings black stuff and the other gets rid of it
Why was the leper hockey game cancelled	There was a face off in the corner
Why fart and waste it	When you can burp and taste it.
Why do physicists have such a hard time figuring out why their experiments fail Monday through Thursday	Causal fridays.
Q:Why did the man put his money in the freezer	A:('He wanted cold hard cash!')
why wasn't jesus born in mexico	couldnt find 3 wise men and a virgin...
Why do Scottish men wear kilts	'Cause the sound of a zipper scares the FUCK out of sheep.
Why is Harry Potter so popular in prison	Because he catches all the snitches!
Why are pilots so honest	Keep those maintenance issues quiet. I want lies, frankly. ""We're delayed because we're winning a safety award.
Why did the billionaire philanthropist spend his fortune bringing butter production to developing countries	Some men just want to see the world churn.
Why doesn't India celebrate halloween	No Gandhi
Why is wintertime love making in Scandinavia dangerous	Your tongue might get stuck to a Pole.
Why cant Helen Keller drive a car	..Because she's dead.
Why was the young golfer so angry	Because he was having a rough day.
Why are monkeys such great friends	Because they're prime mates!
Why did Karl Marx hate Earl Grey	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car	Because she's Dead.
Why do you never see a crackhead over 30	Cause they're fucking dead
Why can't clocks keep secrets	Because, time will always tell.
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off the cliff	Tequila.
Why does Barbie never get pregnant	Because Ken came in a different box.
Why do the French like eating snails	Because they can't stand fast food!
Why do people who drink milk struggle to walk	Because they lactose.
Why does a Frenchman never eat more than one egg at breakfast	(for those linguistically aware Redditors among you) Because one egg is un oeuf
Why did the Chicken Cross the Road	Because North Korea's nukes couldn't reach him there
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team	Because everyone who can run, jump or swim is already in the states.
Why did the army's craftsman enact a ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" Policy	He didn't want any glaze in the military
Why should you never run behind a bus	You will get exhausted.
Why do people say raw sewage	Saying raw makes it sound like it becomes better if cooked properly.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg	Because if they didn't they'd fall over.
Why did Freud hurt his shoulder	He made a Freudian slip
Why was simba grounded	Because he was lion! Please. Please kill me..
Why did Bill Clinton cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To walk into a bar.
Why do baby clothes have pockets	I've never heard a baby say: ""cigarettes,phone and keys alright let's go
Why did the dorito feel left out	Cause he didn't chip in!
Why should they have hosted the World Cup in a different country this year	.... because a brazillian things could go wrong
Why did Christopher Reeve lose the debate	Because his arguments *couldn't stand* against scrutiny.
Why can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle	Because he's only human.
Why did the corn maze go back to school	It was tired of working in a dead end field.
Why is hitler vegetarian	Because he burnt all his meat!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because the road murdered the chicken's family.
Why should optometrists never tell jokes	Because they're too cornea.
Why did Mickey Mouse get shot in the foxhole	Because Donald ducked.
Why do ducks have webbed feet	To stomp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out the burning ducks.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax	For Hispanic attacks.
Q: Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why did the one handed man cross the road	To get to the second hand store!
Why did the Mexican train driver kill all of his passengers	I'm not sure, but he must have had a loco motive. edit: grammar
Why do German shower heads have 11 holes	Because Jews only have 10 fingers
Why do redditors have so many inside jokes	Because we're too afraid to go outside
Why are X-wings so grubby	Rebel scum.
Why was the young boy crying	Because he had a frog stapled to his face
Why can't you believe what an atom tells you	Because they make up everything!
Why are Canadian Jews so poor	Because there are no pennies to pick up off the ground.
Why did Sepp Blatter resign from the FIFA president position	He just couldn't hold it any longer.
why do they even call them tampons	... tamp-ins, ladies. c'mon.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I put on the wrong socks this morning.
Why do Jewish girls love circumcised dicks	They love anything 10% off
Why did the chicken cross the road	....To get to the idiots house. Knock knock....Who's there.....The Chicken
Why did the Latino girl come to class pregnant	Her teacher told her to do an essay.
Why was the virgins' wedding during the middle of the week	Because Wednesday is hump day.
Why do fencers love Reddit	Because of all the *ripostes*
Why aren't Japanese optimistic	Because not every cloud has a silver lining
Why does Father Christmas come down the chimney	It helps him slide down with ease,
Why isn't Barney the Dinosaur allowed to drive	Because everybody knows -- tyrannosaurus wrecks.
Why couldn't the astronaut book a room on the moon	Because it was full.
Why is the lesbian lifestyle so expensive	They're always eating out.
Why did Anakin kill all the younglings	To get to the other side.
Why was Cinderella kicked off the basketball team	She kept running away from the ball
Why don't the British make computers	They can't figure out how to make them leak oil.
Why is James Bond's favourite bartender played by Michael J Fox	He doesn't need to tell him to shake the martini.
Why did u shoot ur wife	Judge:why did u shoot ur wife instead of shootingher lover? Methew:Your honour, it's easier to shoot a woman once, than shooting one man every week.
Why is santa so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live. Why am I so jolly? I stole his list.
Why dont applebees employees wear watches	Cuz theres a clock on the microwave
Why are thousands of kittens dying everyday	For some sick, strange reason, men enjoy smashing pussy.
Why did sally fall of the swing	she had no arms
Why do fish swim in salt water	Because pepper makes them sneeze
Why are some chillies nosy	They're jalapeno business
Why did God put men on the Earth	Becuase a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
Why do bicycles fall over	Because they are two tired.
Why are Peruvians always deported	Because they can't Peruve they're citizens
Q: Why did the apple cry	A: Its peelings were hurt.
Why don't gay guys go to lesbian bars	Because they can never find a place to sit.
Why did the ""upright man"", a humanoid species, went extinct 70.000 years ago	Because they got homo e-rekt-us.
Why did the anthropologist eat a lot of yogurt	So that he could understand culture.
Why do I wash my clothes in TIDE	... because it's too cold out-tide.
Why did Jon Snow need a new battery	For the watch.
Why was the Eunich Squirrel unhappy	Because he had no nuts.
Why did the cows cross the road	They wanted to go to the mooo....vies
Why can not Stevie Wonder read	Because he's black.
Why did Gandhi lose the race	I guess he got his fasts mixed up.
Why shouldn't you kiss anybody on New Years Day	Because it's the first date.
Why are people afraid of Donald Trump	Because he's run more buildings into the ground than Al-Qaeda.
Why'd the squirrel fall out of the tree	Because it was dead.
Why did Daenerys cross the road	To be that much closer to crossing the ocean.
Why did the turtle cross the road	To get to the shell station.
Why do women have periods	because they deserve them.
Why should you bring two pairs of pants when you golf	In case you get a hole-in-one (stolen from some girl at school)
Why is the ocean so salty	Because the land never waves back
Why is Obama pro gay marriage	Because he is a cock sucker
Why can't you play UNO with Mexicans	They steal all the green cards.
Why chicken commit suicide	To get to the other side.
Why did the tomato blush	He saw the salad dressing.
Why did the tomato blush	He saw the salad dressing!
Why do irish fried beans only have 239 beans	Because the extra bean would be too farty.
Why did the electrician close early on Mondays	Because business was very light.
Why was the skunk arrested for  counterfeiting	Because he gave out bad scents (cents).
Why were the early days of history called the dark ages	There were so many Knights
Why don't blind people skydive	Because it scares the shit out of the dogs
Why didn't the bunny hop	No bunny knows... :(
Why did Darwin love CSS	Because children inherit properties from their parents.
Why does it take so long when Satan is in front of you in line at the post office	Because the devil takes many forms.
Why is the Flying Spaghetti Monster made of Pasta	Because ""made of bread"" was already taken by Jesus.
Why did Will die	Because the commanding officer told his soldiers: ""Fire at will
Why did the boy take a ladder to school	He wanted to go to high school.
Why do french tanks have rear view mirrors	To see the battle.
Why couldn't the bike stand up on its own	It was two-tired. *Slaps knee* *Prosthetic leg falls off*
Why does corn in Illinois lean east	Because Indiana sucks and Iowa blows.
Why can't Mexicans cross the border in three's	Because there's no TRESpassing
Why did Gateway computers go out of business	Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.
Why did the chicken cross the street	**DO SOMETHING ELSE WITH YOUR LIFE!**
Why does doctor pepper come in a can	Because his wife is dead
Why can't women read maps	Only the male mind can comprehend the concept of one inch equaling a mile.
Why did that guy shoot up the church in South Carolina	He thought it was the white thing to do.
Why was the Facebook post redundant	Because I already reddit
Why would you go to a psychiatrist	When you can just kill yourself
Why should you always have thyme in your first aid kit	Because thyme heals all wounds. :D
Why can't you trust any Adam	They make up everything.
Why didn't Hitler participate in the marathon	... Because he can't finish a race.
Why did Hitler visit the optometrist so much	cause he could nazi
Why are hurricanes named after women	Because they come in wet and wild, and leave with your house and car.
Why was the dolphin sad	Because it had no porpoise in life.
Why do robots never cuddle after sex	Because all a robot does is nuts and bolts.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To avoid North Korea's long range missiles.
Why is it so hard to pronounce words in Welsh	It is the language of Wales.
Why does a milking stool have only 3 legs	Because the cow has the utter.
Why does Steve Irwin hate sunblock	It doesn't protect from harmful rays
Why didn't Sug Knight talk to the police	Because the g is silent
Why didn't the vegan gamble at the meat raffle	Didn't want a brisket
Why did the cowboy get a dachshunds	Because once someone told him to get a long little doggie.
Why did the Time Traveler give Julius Caeser a BJ	He wanted to go down on history.
Why was Ke$ha arrested	TiK ToK On The Clock
Why did Steve Harvey announce Miss Colombia as the Miss Universe winner	Because he couldn't pronounce Miss Philippines.
Why are there fences around graveyards/cemeteries	Because people are dying to get in!
Why did the Cephalopod get coal for christmas	Because he was on the nautilust.
Why didn't the Duke of Windsor let his French servant help him tie his tie	He never does it with a four-in (foreign)-hand.
Why did my Exotic Bird Startup Store fail	I didn't have enough seed money.
Why did the banana go out with the prune	Because he couldn't find a date.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	To get to the bottom
Why isn't Hitler invited to any barbecues	Because he always burns the franks.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	'cause they're ugly and they stink.
Why did the Kremlin sacrifice 8.7 million soldiers during WWII	They were just Stalin for time.
Why did the boy look at each and every one of the animal crackers	Because his mother told him not to eat them if the ""seal"" was broken. Credits to my school principal
Why did the privileged white guy fail his algebra test	He didn't know enough about inequalities
Why was Jesus crucified instead of stoned	So Catholics could do this [makes the sign of the cross], instead of this [bangs self in head with fists].
Why are a German vegetarians pessimists	Because they always fear the wurst.
Why did the Pasta join a dating website	Because he was cannelloni.
Why couldn't the little mermaid get into college	Her GPA was unda da C.
Why did Eeyore cross the road	To get to the other... *sigh*
Why did Obama take all the pens when he left the White House	Because trumps bringing his own pence.
Why can't you email a picture to a jedi	Because attachments are forbidden.
Why didn't the police shoot the polarbear who was wandering peacefully around the streets	Because he was white.
Why did tigger look in the toilet	.. He was looking for Pooh
Why did the double agent cross the road	Because he never really was on your side.
Why did the chicken get into so much trouble	Because of its fowl language.
Why do intersecting lines hate each other	Because they do nothing except making themselves cross.
Why did the groupie let the percussionist come over	He promised he wouldn't drum in her house.
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners	Because he can't do stand up.
Why did the StormTrooper Buy The IPhone	Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for
Why does Lebron James drive automatic	He has no clutch.
Why do Jewish bachelors like latina women	Because they like to fool around with Chicsas before they marry. (A shiksa is a gentile woman)
Why did Hitler not mind being on the naughty list	He needed more coal anyway.
Why can't spooky skeletons cross the road	No guts.
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl in the bathroom	Because it has a silent P!
Why didn't JFK ever like vodka	Because he couldn't handle a few shots
Why do green beans meditate	To find inner peas!
Why are you baking octopus	So I can get octopi.
Why was the haunted mansion self conscious	Because it got a lot of creepy stairs. FML.
Why did Hitler really kill himself	because he couldn't pay his gas bill
Why can't dwarfs sing	Because they can't reach the high notes. Bonus: how does dwarves communicate? Smalltalk.
Why were the people in the twin towers so upset	They ordered pepperoni and all they got was plane
Why did the girls in *Requiem for a Dream* go ass to ass	They were just trying to make ends meet.
Why didn't the melons get married	They were cantaloupes. ;)
Why doesnt Kermit like elephants	They always want to play leap-frog with him.
Why do people in Beijing smoke so many cigarettes	To get a breath of filtered air.
Why can't the bicycle stand on its own	Because it's two tired
Why, with twice the population of the United States at the time didn't China invent the airplane first	Well, two Wongs don't make a Wright.
Why should every woman know a C++ programmer	Because they'll always let friends access their private members. Ba dum tiss.
Why didn't DiCaprio laugh at Oscar joke	Because he didn't get it.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised as youth	Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
Why are dyslexia kids scared of Christmas	Satan comes down the chimney.
Why can any hamburger run the mile in under four minutes	Because it's a FAST food!
Why do black guys always have nightmares	Because we killed the only one with a dream.
Why did the twitter army lose all their battles	Because they kept retweeting.
Why was the Redditors jokes so unoriginal	Because he Reddit off the internet.
Why is Spider-Man a bad boyfriend	He's super clingy.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot
Why couldn't the potato get off the couch	Because it was baked.
Why couldn't the melons get married	Because they can't elope.
Why don't Muslims use contractions of words	Because in Islam, the penalty for apostrophe is death.
Why has Mexico never won olympic gold	All those who can run, jump and swim are in Texas.
Q: Why are violas so large	A: It is an optical illusion. It's not that the violas are large just that the viola player's heads are so small.
Why did Tiger Woods bring three socks instead of two	In case he got a hole in one.
Why did the cheese maker not enjoy the movie	&lt;in a Dutch accent&gt; Not much Gouda
Why did the Irishman buy two tickets to the zoo	One to get in and one to get out.
Why do black people have nightmares	Because one had a dream and died
Why is rotten egg the best comedian	He's got a funny yolk.
Why don't they let whales into strip clubs	They tend to humpback.
Why did the dead baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken.
Why is Def leppard the best band to listen to while driving	Because you only need one arm to drum along..
Why do stoners carry lighters everywhere	Because they don't have legs to walk, man.
Why did dwarf laugh when he walked through a paddock	Because the grass tickled his willy :)
Why do blondes have ""TGIF"" on the front of their shirts	**T**its **G**o **I**n **F**ront
Why does Fred Williard keep Kleenex in his pocket	They come in handy.
Why can't blind kids have imaginary friends	Their i's don't work
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	'cause he was too far out man!
Why is it that lawyers get sick	It's because they are *contract*ually obligated to do so.
Why did the chemist join the Pentecostal church	He wanted to speak in tungsten.
Why was the pregnant woman screaming ""wouldn't, shouldn't, couldn't!""	She was having contractions.
Why did the concrete fail at its job	It couldn't take the shear stress
Why did Pinocchio's nose get longer	Because he told his wife he cheated on her.
Why did the cowboy have a brown moustache	Cause he was Lookin' for loooove in alllll the wrong places.
Why can't Hellen Keller drive	Because she's dead
Why don't blacks like Tylenol	They have to pick cotton to get to them.
Why was the paper man sent to jail	He was caught rustling.
Why can't black people get PhD's	Because they can't get past their Masters.
Why are there no Walmarts in Syria	Because they're all targets
Why is Xena never charged with any crime	Because she's Lucy Lawless
Why did the elephant paint his balls green	Answer: to hide in avocado trees.. How did Tarzan die? Answer: Picking avocados
Why is it so difficult for women to find a man who is sensitive, caring, and good looking	All of those guys already have boyfriends.
Why is a river really rich	It's got two banks.
Q: Why do marble statues look so mean	A: They have hearts of stone.
Why did they let the chicken join the band	Because he brought his own drumsticks
Why is the number 6 always angry	Because 789
Why does the american loose at billard	Beacause he always shoots at the black one.
Why do farts smell so bad	So the deaf can enjoy them too.
Why were the letters a-y banned	They were all nazis
Why didn't Peter Jackson cast any black actors in The Lord Of The Rings	He was afraid they wouldn't be taken on their merits, that they'd just be seen as Tolkien blacks.
Why is it more expensive to use air pumps nowadays	Inflation
Why did 5000 Mexicans show up to fight at the Alamo	They only had two cars.
Why was the two-dimensional emo sad	Because nobody would ever know how deep he was.
Why do Canadians not pay attention to their local wildlife	Because there's nothing to care-aboot. (caribou)
Why cant you email a photo to a Jedi	Because Attachments are forbidden.
Why are gangstas afraid of the rain	Cuz they roofless.
Why did Farmer John let his grapes go dry	He had his raisins . . .
Why didn't galactus consume the milky way	He was galactose-intolerant. I'm sorry.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg	If they lifted the other leg they'd fall over.
Why is a woman's asshole like a 9 volt battery	Because we all know it's wrong but sooner or later we're gonna put our tongue on it.
Why did the little Dutch boy get kicked out of the gay bar	He kept putting his finger in the dikes.
Why did the termite eat a sofa and two chairs	It had a suite tooth.
Why a centipede cannot fly coach	Not enough leg room!
Why is Halloween considered the scariest time of the year	Most weddings happen in June.
Why is it called PMS	Because mad cow disease was already taken.
Why Can't a Nose be 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot
Why did the scarecrow win an award	Because he was out standing in his field!
Why don't we let Google Chrome drive	Because it crashes all the time. *Disclaimer - shameless chrome user*
Why do riot police like to get to work early	To beat the crowd.
Why do scientists love watching dog shows	They appreciate good lab skills
Why were there so many Hawaiian lei's at the funeral	the obituary read ""Please send donations in luau flowers.
Why did Muhammad hire Moses to help with his start-up	He wanted to double his prophets.
Why I need feminism A guy once told me that he disagreed with me	This is why I need feminism. He shoudn't be allowed to say that.
Why are power tools good for bank robberies	They know the drill.
Why was six afraid of seven	(twist) Because seven was a registered six offender.
Why cant some one stay straight while playing hide n seek in IKEA	... ...cuz they'll have to come out of the closet at some point.
Why don't you see any slow black people	They're all in jail.
Why did the nun call the Womens helpline	because she was touched by Jesus.
Why is a train like a stick of gum	One goes choo-choo; the other goes chew-chew.
Why did the Jedi kill his master	To get to the other side. ...Told by my brother last night
Why is the rabbi in geometry	To practice circumscribing
Why is sonic the answer to every google search	Because he shows up the fastest.
Why there is no windows 9	Because 7 8 9 Heehaww
Why don't cannibals eat pantomimes	Because a mime is a terrible thing to baste.
Why is the letter N the most powerful letter	Because it is in the middle of TNT.
Why did the book critic give The Road a bad review	Too many plot holes.
Why should a man never bang his best friend	He'll probably catch fleas
Why are boys faster than girls	Because they have ball bearings and a stick shift.
Why is the US so much better at the accurate placement of round objects than Japan	We had two practices in 1945
Why is it considered socially wrong to make fun of a crying 10-year old boy in Africa	Because it's normal to undergo a midlife crisis.
Why didn't the shy juggler perform at the circus today	Because he didn't have the balls!
Why didn't the proctologist show up for work	He had two cars, but he rectum both.
Why didn't Chris Brown make any headphones	He definitely knows how to make a good beat. I will show myself out.
Why did the man keep reloading the picture of the candy cane at the potluck	He was in charge of refresh mints.
Why do ants not go to church	Because they are in sects!
Why did the rock star fail his depressing math exam	He couldn't get the saddest fraction.
Why do black people put their garbage in clear trash bags	So the Mexicans can window shop.
Why is divorce so expensive	Who cares?? It's worth it!
Why do dwarfs always laugh when they are playing football	Because the grass tickles there balls
Why does nobody like tampons	Because they're all stuck up cunts.
Why do abusive clowns make good comedians	They just hit you funny.
Why can't your penis be 12 inches	Because then it'd be a foot
Why didn't Barbie and Ken's relationship work out	Because Ken always came in another box.
Why did man invent the shipping cart	To teach women how to stand on their hind legs.
Why did the French construct the Maginot Line	To keep the Nazis in Czech!
Why did they call the masseuse sexist	He was massage-anistic..
Why did the blind guy crashed his car into another car	Because he forgot to check his blind side.
Why do the French only eat one egg for breakfast	Because it's un oeuf.
Why is Oklahoma the bleh state	Because it's just OK
Why do feminist Jewish girls never give blowjobs	Because men are pigs, and pork isn't kosher.
Why did the cyclist stop riding	He was two tired
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side!!! haha funny fun pun so funny joke haha (upvote this) haha lol =)
Why are all of the accountants supporting Hillary Clinton	They want to save 20%.
Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers	? cuz they can't even!!!!
Why did the elevator take antidepressants	It was feeling down
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	&gt;**Because they lactose**
Why won't hipsters listen to the Beatles until Ringo Starr and Paul McCartney die	Because they only want to listen to the Beatles when they're underground (Taken from Cyanide and Happiness comics)
Q: Why does the secret service guard Hillary so closely	A: Because if something happens to her Bill becomes President!
why did Hitler eat a lot of fish sticks	because he thought they were not seafood
Why was Jokeexplainbot angry	Because someone was pushing his buttons!
Why didn't the mason jar need a paternity test	Because the resemblance was uncanny.
Q: Why was the insect kicked out of the wildlife preserve	A: It was a litterbug.
Why didn't the little girl finish her lollipop	She was hit by a bus
Why did the roadkill cross the road	Because somebody FINALLY turned on the lights.
Why did 10 go missing	Because 9/11.
WHY IS THAT COTTON CANDY TALKING	! ""Grandma, that's Niki Minaj.
Why do squirrels swim on their back	To keep their nuts dry.
Why did the Muslim fail his Chemistry Exam	because to him, alcohol is not a solution.
Why didn't Karl Marx like Earl Grey tea	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why couldn't the choir director figure out whether Alison Brie was alto soprano	Everytime he tried, he was told that she was young and that they tried not to sectionalise her.
Why are politicians different from prostitutes	With prostitutes, the more money you pay the more you'll get fucked.
Why were the boy and girl melons depressed	Because they can't elope.
Why are politicians assholes so clean	Because all their shit comes out of their mouth!
Why did the cow tip over	Excellent service.
Why do black people hate wine	Because it's a waste of perfectly good grape juice. (Also, anyone care to explain me where the ""Black people like grape juice"" came from?)
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because the B shells are too small and the D shells are too big!
Why are Twilight fans obsessed with it	Because they need a fandom that won't make them feel like trash.
Why do black people have white palms	There's a little bit of good in everybody
Why was the German woman freaking out	Because she was late.
Why did the chicken cross the road	(Why?) To get to the idiots house.
Why do fluorescent lights hum	Because they don't know the words.
why does a prostitute make more money than a drug dealer	she can clean her crack and sell it again
why should you be afraid if you see a bull chasing after you	Well. I don't know about you guys, but I wouldn't want something that horny chasing me!
Why don't people tell many jokes about the reverend Jim Jones	The punchline is too long.
Why did the amoeba flunk the math test	Because it multiplied by dividing.
Why Do Ranchers Love Getting A Sore Throat	Because they always get a little hoarse
Why is Apple donating money to cancer research	Cancer stole our jobs!
Why don't Jewish mothers drink	Alcohol interferes with their suffering.
why did the man cross the road	he had his dick stuck in a chicken
Why did the mountain have trouble in class	Because there was a steep learning curve.
Why do children cry when they find out Santa isn't real	They figured out who has been drinking their milk and eating the cookies!
Why did the gay man sue the mental hospital	They held him in a straightjacket.
Why wasn't the son of God worried when Microsoft Word crashed while he was writing his term paper	Because Jesus saves.
Why did the Cold War never happen	Because Joseph was Stalin.
Why did the chicken fall into the well	Because she couldn't see that well.
Why can't T-Rexes clap	Because they're extinct.
Why did the chicken cross OP's mother	.
Why does no work ever get done on the Sun	Because it's always a Sun day
Why doesn't Donald trump travel in ships anymore..	Cause he doesn't like Cruz...
Why are feminists so good at Street Fighter V	Because they are always V-triggered
Why wouldn't the two tampons speak to each other	Because they were both stuck-up cunts.
Why do lesbians prefer going to Sports Authority	They don't like Dicks...
Why was the laser sad	All his gas is Argon.
Why should you not visit the Ukraine with your fly unzipped	Because if you don't, Chernobyl fall out!
Why is French person a better team player than a pirate	The pirate says, ""Aye, aye!"" The French says, ""Oui, oui!
Why did the guy take his time setting up a premature ejaculation support group	He didn't want to go off half cocked.
Why is my hand 11 inches long	Because if it were any longer it would be a foot!
Why is turkey happy	It just escaped from a coop.
Why didn't the bike go to the car show	Because he was two tired.
Why was the Turkey v Germany match called off	There were too many fowls.
Why did Ms. Frizzle get fired from teaching Sex Ed	She told the class to take chances, make mistakes, and get messy.
Why don't mathematicians build bridges	Because they'll never be perfect.
Why did the greek philosopher break in two	He was made out of Plato
Why did the boy die	Because he ate honey nectar and then went to the store and tried to buy some mustard and got eaten by a Stegosaurus
Why did black beard kill his first mate	He kept singing, ""your ho, your ho, a pirate's wife for me
Why couldn't the beaver cook his twigs	He only had Non-Stick pans.
Why are Fencers so popular on /r/Jokes	Because they do well with Ripostes.
Why did Toby rape a girl	He couldn't Turner on
Why Didn't The Skeleton Go To The Party	Because he had no body to go with
Why did the Fonz have red eyes	Because he had **AYYY** fever!
Why does Santa's sled get such good mileage	Because it has long-distance runners on each side.
Why did Plato's worst student always have stuff stuck in his teeth	He didn't understand Flossophy!
Why did the chicken run out into traffic	To get to the other side.
Why did the cow sign up for TSA precheck	Butterflies
Why do black people keep the brims of their hats flat	So birds don't shit on their lips.
Why do migits laugh when they run	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why did the horse feel famous on Reddit	He was gelded.
Why did a man name his legless dog, Cigarette	Cause he had to take him out for a drag every night.
Why are ghosts banned from the liquor store	They would steal all the boos.
Why do parrots carry umbrellas	So they don't become polly-saturated!
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours	Because it said ""concentrate""!
Why do white girls only travel in groups of 3, 5, and 7	Because they literally can't even.
Why do giraffes have a great love life	Because they keep a good distance between their brains and their heart.
Why did the hooker get a vagina implanted on her hip	She wanted to make some money on the side.
Why did the dumb girl have a painfull bellybutton	Her boyfriend isn't the smartest one either.
Why did Einstein marry his cousin	It's all relative.
Why didn't the leopard go on vacation	It couldn't find the right spot.
Why was the phone wearing glasses	... Because it lost all its contacts!
Why did the picture go to jail	Because it was framed.
Why'd the guy panic and call 911 when he realized an ocean was forming around him	It was an emergent sea.
Why did the melon plan a big elaborate wedding	Because he cantaloupe.
Why is Rengar so OP	Because E: Bola Strike.
Why would Donald Trump make a great addition to The Walking Dead	All he wants to do is build a wall.
Why did the Mexican school girl get pregnant	Here teacher said to go home and do her ""essay"".
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put the wrong socks on this morning.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own	It was two tired.
Why can Warren Buffet pull great stock tips out of his ass	He has a tickertapeworm!
Why do Jews have big noses	Because air is free. (Stolen from my science textbook)
Why was Karl Marx arrested for brewing a cup of Earl Grey	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why was the gangster sick after going to west Africa	He got eballa
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens	All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach ...
Why Does Captain Kirk Have 3 Ears	He's got his left ear, his right ear...and the final front ear.
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice.
Why do successful lettuce farmers always get women	Because everyone knows they give good *head*.
Why did the chicken walk on the telephone wire	She wanted to lay it on the line!
Why don't they let blind people sky dive	It scares the shit out the dogs.
Why was the chess player pregnant	Because they were mated.
Why do goalkeepers spend ages on the Internet	Because they can't stop saving their work.
Why are Indian the best in bed	They always come late.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was outstanding in his field
Why does the Little Mermaid where sea shells	Because she can't fit in B shells!
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks today
Why is milk the fastest liquid on the planet	It's pasteurised before you can see it!
Why don't astronauts take anything seriously	They don't grasp the gravity of the situation...
Q: Why did the engineer drive the backwards	A: He had a loco motive.
Why couldn't the depressed person get his email	He had a bad Outlook.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't confuse them with your mom.
Why do mimes always lose arguments	They don't have a say in anything!
Why did Yoda need a stepladder in the chocolate shop	Because he was reaching for a galaxy far, far away.
Why did the guy with a 7-days-a-week sexual job look forward to the weekend	Because his favorite part of sexual intercourse is the BEGINNING and END!
Why do they call the 3 musketeers.. musketeers	Not one of them uses a musket =( justsayian
Why did Fred put band aids in the refrigerator	He wanted cold cuts.
Why is there only a stairway to heaven but a highway to hell	Easy. More traffic is going to hell.
Why are people so sad in Ferguson	Because they live in misery
Why did the Pepsi executive get fired	He tested positive for Coke.
Why did the dragon go to jail for farting	Arse-on. **Cough Cough** I'll see my way out.
Why didn't the internit get any  e-mail	Because his e-dog kept chasing the e-postman.
Why has there never been an Asian president	Because they are taken to the hospital if the election lasts more than 4 hours
Why does the US love Israel so much	Because is a raeli good country
Why do ants get sick	Because they have little anty-bodies.
Why do gay guys use ribbed condoms	Better traction in the mud.
Why don't you want to win an award for Best Feline Sphincter	Because it's a catastrophe :-) Yeah, ok, I'll be going now. EDIT: removed explanation.
Why was the Energizer Bunny in court	Because it was charged with battery.
Why aren't cowboys circumcised	So they have somewhere to put their dip at lunch
Why did the man cry when he was cutting up onions	Onions"" was his dog... D:
Why didn't the coffee and the tea get along	Because they were being ""brewed
Why are bass guitarists always standing at the front door	Because they don't know when to come in.
Why did the lion get lost	Cos jungle is massive.
Why were the Native Americans in America before us	They had reservations.
why do they put gates around a graveyard	Because people are dying to get in
Why did Sally the stripper stop dating the guitar player	He kept trying to tune her G string.
Why did the black boy fall off his bike	He didn't. He fell off your bike.
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend	He needed space.
Why is light beer similar to sex in a boat	They're both fucking close to water.
Why are all black people scared of sleeping	'Cause one had a dream, and he died.
Why don't OSHA inspectors watch porn	It's Not Safe For Work.
Why should one masturbate while calling Comcast customer support	Because getting fucked in the asshole when you are not horny feels awful
Why is it easy for gays to escape a fire	Because their shit is already packed.
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the Basketball team	Cause she ran away from the ball
Why is ""Z"" afraid of all of the other letters	Because they're Not-Z's (*Nazis*)
Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his dick	His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he ate the Pizza before it was cool.
Why are airplane crashes in the ocean so visible	They're plane to sea
Why cant billy ride the swings	he has no arms. knock knock. Whos there? Not billy
Why was the bodybuilder arrested at the elementary school	Because it was a gun-free zone
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put in the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why does Peter Pan Fly	Because he Neverlands.
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority	Because they hate Dick's
Why did the skeleton's dick float	because he had a hollow weenie.
Why was Mr. Behaving sad	His daughter was always Ms. Behaving.
Why do gay men have good fashion sense	Because of all the time they spent in the closet
Why are spectators so happy with their jobs	Because beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Why are pirates good at singing	They have great hARRRmony. I'm sorry.
Why is E the only good letter	Because every other letter is not E!
Why do people carry umbrellas	Because umbrellas cant walk.
Why might Saturn's rings come loose	They're too close to Titan.
Why can't R2D2 walk	Because he has MS-DOS
Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists	The rest are hunt'n peckers.
Why did 6 wanna fuck 7	Cus 7 8 ass.
Why are vegetarians good in giving head	Because they are used to eating nuts!
Why can't Asian couples have a caucasian child	Because two wongs don't make a white.
Why didn't the Orange want to be eaten	Because he wasn't feeling appealing.
Why did the chicken cross the road	The first side smelled bad.
Why does putting a stone in a mans shoe make the best contraception	It will make him limp
Why is British weather muslim	Because when it isn't sunni, it's utter shiite
Why don't you see many chemists with master's degrees working with acids and bases	To really understand acids and bases, you need a pHd.
Why is it bad to have a strong American dollar	It's harder to break bills.
Why does the Catholic Church protect paedophiles	Because the last time they shunned a child molester, he started Islam.
Why don't Dallas Cowboy fans take their wives to the football games	'Cause they jump the fence and eat the grass.
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team	*She ran away from the ball.*
Why was the mathematician stressed out	He was in a dilemma.
Why don't black people dream	The last black man to have a dream got shot.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax	For Hispanic attacks.
Why don't snakes like Vitamin C	Because it's an anti-hisstamine.
Why does Superman have to wait until tomorrow to fight gang violence in LA	He can't face the Crips tonight.
Why does repost always get to the top	... Most people reddit before
Why can't the Americans play chess	Because they're missing two towers.
Why did the fish monger cross the road	Just for the halibut.
Why aren't there any B batteries	Because people might think you have a stutter.
Why was the old Jewish woman afraid her chauffeur got her pregnant	Because they schlepped together.
Why does Kanye West need a billion dollars for ideas	Ben Franklin discovered electricity with a kite.
Why did Katie Holmes get rid of her fancy car	She got tired of all that Cruise control.
Why did the vampire take up acting	It was in his blood.
Why is there no Windows 9	Because Windows 7 8 9.
Why are all these jokes about unhappy relationships	Said my wife as she looked over my shoulder. What a nosy fucking bitch.
Why did the Muslim CEO dislike the cartoon of Muhammad	Because it wasn't prophet maximizing.
Why am I still hearing noises from the class	Because you still have ears, teacher.
Why do old Jews watch pornos backwards	They like to see the hookers give the money back''''
Why is it both a good idea and bad idea to hire a Logophobe as an editor	- .... . -.-- / .- .-. . / .- .-.. .-- .- -.-- ... / .--. ..- -. -.-. - ..- .- .-.. .-.-.-
Why do orthodox rabbis like lemonade so much	Because, it's acidic juice.
Why did Steve Jobs decline chemotherapy	Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To escape North Korea's long range missiles
Why are men better cooks	They only need 2 eggs n 1 sausage to keep a girl full for 9 months
Why are most runners single	At best they're ASICS.
Why did the painting go to jail	It was framed.
Why do some people think Python scripting is offensive	Because white space matters. hehee
Why couldn't the BMW fit into a narrow parking stall at Target	because it was being driven by a woman
Why does Donald Trump take women out on his yacht	Because of the implication.
Why does Santa carry a heavy sack	Because he come once in an year.
Why was the Mexican tire sad	Because it was despair
Why shouldn't you ever have an argument with Mobius	Because they're always so one sided!
Why didn't Hannibal Lecter have any friends as a kid	He was told not to play with his food.
Why do sharks circle their prey	dad, why do the sharks swim in circles like that before they eat someone?"" ""it makes them taste better, son."" ""taste better? How? "" ""it scares the shit out of them.
Why did the hipster burn himself while eating pizza	Because he ate it before it was cool.
Why are lemons yellow	They don't know it either - that's why they are so sour
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Because he was dead.
Why do Pakistanis love football (soccer) so much	... Because whenever they get a corner they open a 7/11. PS: I'm Pakistani and I found this joke to be hilarious.
Why are people so surprised that Joe Biden acts like such a poonhound	It's in his job description. After all, he *is* the Vice President.
Why was being a soprano a requirement to becoming a pirate	It made it easier to deal with high C's
Why can't Jim's make sandwiches	Cause it was at my grannies, isn't it!!!
Why was the Doctor screaming angrily at his secretary	He ran out of patients.
Why couldn't we get precise kinetic data on the phosphine-catalyzed reaction	The reaction rate was too phos-phor-us
Why do clairvoyants have crystal balls	So they can see what's coming.
Why did the USAS with frag rounds fall over	Because it was... imbalanced.
Why isn't suntanning an Olympic sport	Because the best you can get is bronze.
Why shouldn't you throw a rock at a Mexican riding a bike	Because that might be your bike
Why are lesbians always low on cash	Because they're constantly eating out!
Why do scuba-divers jump backwards into the water	Because if they jumped forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Why did the cannibal live on his own	He was fed up with other people.
Why did no one like the cannibal that started eating his own body	He was too full of himself.
Why did Dr.Pepper blush	He received a Sunkist from his Crush
Why was the chicken kicked out of class	For using *fowl* language.
Why do people always talk in absolutes	I would never do that. It's the worst.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the Romans build straight roads	So their soldiers didn't go around the bend !
Why would you put a baby in a blender feet first	So you can make dinner and get head at the same time.
Why do women love Satan	He's down to Earth.
Why did everyone hate the shoe company	It had no soul.
Why did the USSR have so many lower case letters	Because they aren't capitalist
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted
Why did the skeleton not attend prom	He had no body to go with.
Why isn't Sonic the Hedgehog Muslim	Because once Ramadan is over, he can't stop fasting!
Why did the Moon break up with Earth	The Moon said they were slowly drifting apart.
Why did the boy stand behind the horse	He thought he might get a kick out of it!
Why are dogs such terrible dancers	They have two left feet.
Why do French tanks have a rear-view mirror	To see the front
Why you should wash your car	WASH YOUR CAR BECAUSE IT IS DIRTIER THAN MILEY CYRUS!
Why should you try to date girls you meet at the gym	Because you already know she'll work out.
Why are Boy Scouts such great murderers	Because they leave no trace.
Why are all updates to Apple stuff piratical	Because they all involve iPatches.
Why are urologists selfish	Because they're all about number one
Why did the programmer get a job working with big data when his wife died	He just needed a little bit of Clojure.
Why is Princess Peach named after a fruit and Princess Daisy named after a flower	Because wanting to sound good is their OBJECTion
Why do Eskimos wash in Tide	Because it's too cold to wash out Tide
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would too if your name was ""ARGHAGHRRAH!
Why do bicycles always fall down if unsupported	Because they're two-tired.
Why are gay people so rude	Because they're fucking assholes !
Why did Fetty Wap chose that as his stage name	Because he wanted to make $50K per day from ad revenue.
Why do rednecks love Halloween	(NSFW) Because they love to pump kin.
why you shouldnt drink around gays	because you may wake up with an empty wallet and a sore ass
Why do mermaids wear seashells for a bra	Because ""B"" shells would be too small!
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares the shit out of the dog.
Why are women such bad drivers	Because there is no road between the bedroom and the bathroom.
Why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes	Because they're fatter.
Why did the semen cross the road	Why did the seman cross the road? Because I wore the wrong socks today..
Why are Americans bad at league of legends	Because they can't defend their towers!...i'm gonna get stabbed
Why does a seagull fly over the sea	Because if it flew over the bay it would be a bagel!
Why did Timmy fall off the swings	Didn't have any hands.. (the real punch line) Knock knock.. Who's there? Not Timmy..
Why was the panda crying	He had a bambooboo. Aonther one from my 9 year old.
Why is a giraffes neck so long	Because the head is so high up.
Why did the jalapeno put on a sweater	Because he was a little chile
Why did the porn-star get hit by a bus	She never saw it coming!!!
Why will the next IPhones be the hottest best selling phones	Because they'll be sexy(6c) and a success(6s)
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why are gay guys able to float	Because they're flamboyant.
[NSFW] Why don't vegetarian girls moan during sex	Because they don't like to admit that a piece of meat can give them so much pleasure.
Why your mother had you Your mother did not get an abortion when she found out she was pregnant with you	because she wanted you, but because the abortion cost more then keeping you alive.
Why did the prison board decide to build the new prison out of concrete	The old one was made of steal.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 had long since succumbed to Stockholm syndrome and was actively engaging with their captors.
Why did the archaeologist ask a diamond out to dinner	Because of his enthusiasm for Carbon-Dating.
Why did the console player cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side.
Why do fat girls give great head	Because they have to
Why shouldn't you lend a anthropologist money	They consider a million years ago to be Recent.
Why is the sea so strong	It has a lot of mussels.
Why are quantum physicists so bad at sex	Because when they find the position, they can't find the momentum, and when they have the momentum, they can't find the position.
Why did the man throw duck food at Nurse Jackie	Because she was a quack.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it's a sentient being with its own thoughts and desires
Why do people wear sleeveless shirts	They like to express the right to bear arms.
Why are tennis equipment factories so loud	Because everyone's making a racket.
Why did Katie Holmes divorce Tom Cruise	She heard he was in a few good men.
Why did the bait-shop owner take an apprentice	He wanted to be a master-baiter.
Why can't Mexico beat the US in the Olympics	Because all their runners, jumpers and swimmers are already here.
Why did the parrot fall out of the tree	Because it was dead.
Why did Burger King decide to partner with Dairy Queen instead of McDonalds	?? Because she unwrapped his Whopper. I'm so sorry!!!
Why do vegetarians give good head	Because they are used to eating nuts!
Why did the tomato blush	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why does Donald Trump dislike trees	Because they're brown and don't speak English.
Why don't ducks become doctors	They are afraid of accusations of quackery
Why did the tomato blush	Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 shot up a school
Why do console gamers use their in game names in real life	They haven't got anti-aliasing.
why do indians hate snow	because it is white and on their land
Why was number 6 scared of number 7	Because 7 8 9!
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee	He drank it before it was cool.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	because 7 is a registered sex offender.
Why does the NSA hate the winter	They got snowed in.
Why couldn't Snape be a Herbology teacher	Because he wasn't able to keep the Lilies alive.
Why do indegionous people dislike snow	Because it's white and settles on their land.
Why can't a T-rex clap	Because there extinct.
Why does Santa come only once a year	(Its not the chimney one) Because it's all his sack can handle
Why'd the seaman cross the road	Because I wore the wrong sock that day.
Why do men float	'Cause they're all scum.
Why can't you put two dicks in one condom	Because it's too hard...
Why are redditors American	Because they always \*tip\*.
Why did the man smoke a cigarette in Beijing	To get some fresh air
Why did the germ cross the microscope	To get to the other slide!
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups	Because the border says ""No TRESpassing
Why do I hear noises	(Teacher) ""With all this talking I assume you are done with your work"" (Student) ""And with all this complaining I assume you're single
Why does a Belgian take a stone and a flashlight to bed	The stone to throw the lights out, the flashlight to check if the lights are really out
Why couldn't the man be bothered to look at the origami mountains	*because it was pay-per view.* ""paper view
Why do ladies prefer 77 over 69	Because it's eight more.
Q: Why did the computer squeak	A: Someone stepped on the mouse.
Why did the carpenter's wife leave him	He was screwing around when he was supposed to be nailing her.
Why was Saint Peter so good at basketball	He denied Jesus 3 times
Why Asians are good at everything	Because they're Asians, not Bsians
Why is it called a ""litter"" of puppies	Because they mess up the whole house !
Q: Why won't a bike stand up by itself	A: It's two tired.
Why aren't there any asprins in the jungle	The parrots-eat-em-all.
Why are shopaholics so hard to help	They can be very ""clothes""-minded about the problem.
Why are giraffes slow to apologize	It takes them a long time to swallow their pride
Why do fat people like games	Because they're unfamiliar with the gym.
Why wouldn't the dog attend the Veterans Day Parade	There were too many vets.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because he's a fan of anti-jokes.
Why are there ants on my toilet seat	Because of my sweet ass.
Why don't girls wear skirts in the winter time	Cuz they'll get chapped lips. Brr.
Why can't ghosts have sex	Because they have Halloweenies
Why did the USA invade Panama	Just 'Cause
Why do women watch porn films until the end	To see if they get married.
Why don't Indians eat baguette	Because there's naan there.
Why is football the single best sport	Because americans don't play it.
why do black people only have nightmares	the only one ever to have a dream was shot.
Why don't they allow lesbians to play baseball	When they get to third base they think they've scored
Why couldn't Bach be a rapper	Because he's Baroque.
Why do buddhist make bad vacuum salesman	They can't deal with attachments.
Why did the elephant take off his socks at the golf course	He got a hole in one.
Why did only 2 Mexicans cross the border	The sign said ""No Trespassing"" (TRES-Passing)
Why did the wee duck hide in the cupboard and give the other wee fuck a fright	For the quak
Why did the chef invest in chicken and cow bones	He wanted to buy stock options.
Why did the turtle cross the road	...to get to the Shell station.
Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right	Because no matter what, women are always right, even when they're full of shit.
Why don't pc gamers get laid	Because they're micro-soft
Why shouldn't you take your clothes off while riding the elevator	It could get you an in descent exposure charge.
Why should you slow down to let another car move into your lane	good karma.
Why can't Jesus eat Skittles	Because they're always falling through the holes his hands.
Why are all Blackberry workers so bad at basketball	Because the always hit the RIM!
Why is there cotton on top of the pills inside a pill bottle	To remind black people they picked cotton before they sold drugs.
Why didn't the coast guard save the hippy	He was too far out!
Why do Scottish men have long skinny dicks	Because they're tight fisted wankers.
Why haven't any subscribers to r/TheRedPill played Overwatch yet	They don't play the beta.
Why did the investment banker leave her husband	She was losing interest.
Why couldn't the pirate use the bubblegum vending machine	Because there is no quarter for the wicked.
Why does the nurse always carry a red pen while at work	To draw blood.
Why was the electron mad	Well, it doesn't really matter...
Why did the library book go to the doctor	It needed to be checked out; it had a bloated appendix.
Why couldn't the dolphin turn around in a hallway	Because he was driving a tractor
Why is eastern europe filled with strippers	Because they like Poles.
Why was hitler bad with directions	Because three reichs don't make a left.
Why do we let women and children off a sinking ship first	So the sharks aren't hungry anymore.
Why did Hitler invade Poland	To get to the other side.
why did Microsoft skip 9	because 7 , 8 , 9 !
Why does Dr	Pepper come in a bottle His wife is already pregnant
Why did the Louvre tour guide work for pennies	Because this docent makes any cents.
Why does China care so much about money	They can't resist all of the cha-'ching'.
Why was the obtuse triangle upset	Because he is never right.
Why couldn't the man open a fish and herb shop	Because he didn't have the thyme or the plaice.
Why did Julius Caesar want to quit politics	All that backstabbing was too much for him.
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority	Because they hate Dicks
Why did the blonde scale the glass wall	To see what was on the other side.
Why is Kristen Stewart safe from the Fine Brothers	Because she has no facial expressions so can't react.
Why did Hitler turn to genocide after a failed career as an artist	He never learned to mix the colors
Why is Dublin the capital of Ireland	Cause it keeps on Dublin and Dublin.
Why did Gigi leave the party angrily	Because she's Hadid.
Why do cow wear bells	Why do cow wear bells .......???? Because their don't work :D :P
Why is six afraid of seven	Because 7 is a prime number and those are pretty intimidating.
Why do we call dogs, K-9	...because K-10 is for cats.
Why was the pig in the kitchen	It was bacon.
Why can't you have sex after playing Assassin's Creed	Because Ubisoft
Q: Why did the elephants go on a diet	A: Because they had too much junk in the trunk.
Why don't you feel the need to wear a seat belt when taking a cab	Because there is a doctor driving.
Why does everyone hate Hitler	The man was a hero... After all he did kill Hitler
Why should you never trust atoms	They make up everything.
Why is the Angel of Death so socially awkward	Because he sucks at life.
Why are women like parachutes	Because if they don't spread they are worthless.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday.. Okay I'm done
Why aren't there very many jokes about the Reverend Jim Jones	The punchline is too long.
Why is peter pan always flying	He neverlands. I love this joke because it never grows old.
Why did Sally fall off the Swing	? Because She had no arms...... Knock Knock Who's There?? Not Sally........
Why won't Americans switch to a dollar coin	They're afraid of change.
Why Marxists are not good at object-oriented programming	They don't get the concept of classes!
Why does America spell some words differently	They said ""We can do it without u, Britain.
Why did you get a tattoo	Because tatthrees were too expensive.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs	So that no one find out he fucks chickens.
Why does Piglett smell nasty	He plays with Pooh.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	It chickened out
Why are condoms like cameras	-they both capture the moment.
Why can't seagulls fly over the bay	Cuz then they'd be baygulls.
Why did Mickey leave Minnie	Because she was fucking goofy.
Why are there no black people at the North Pole	Because there is nothing to steal there
Why did the cab driver did not get time for his family	Because he was Uber busy.
Why is religion like mobile gaming	Free-to-pray, pray-to-win.
Why did the depressed chicken cross the road	To get to the other side :(
Why did the banana go to the doctor	He wasn't peeling very well. Credit to my four year old niece.
Why Don't feminists make good botanists	They spend the entire time in the greenhouses bitching about the glass ceiling.
Why are farmers so wealthy	Because their stalks are always growing.
Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq	Because they are all Targets.
Why does Donald Trump like free haircuts	Because he doesn't have toupee.
Why did the atheist go to church	To use the Pokestop.
Why did the train get hit by lighting	Because of the conductor.
Why did the skeleton cross the road	to get to the body shop : )
Why can't Americans play chess	Because they are missing two towers.
Why do all blacks have acne	Because they all have black heads.
Why was the Egyptian queen so grumpy	Because, she was on her pyramid!
Why should Donald Trump change his name to Donald Duck	Because he's a quack.
Why did God make farts smell	So that deaf people could enjoy them too.
Why can it be so annoying to drive a Skoda	The Czech engine light is always on.
Why is the Camel so hard to see in the desert	Because it's Camel-flaged...
Why should you be careful playing against a team of big cats	They might be cheetahs!
Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance	He had no-BODY to go with.
Why does God love atheists	Because they don't bother Him with incessant prayer.
Why is singing like autoerotic asphyxiation	Because sometimes you just gotta belt it out
Why is it good for a mason to live in constant fear	That way he just shits bricks.
Why did peanut butter flop at the talent show	He didn't have the right jam.
Why wasn't the geologist hungry	He lost his apatite. I know that joke has its faults, so I'll just accept my pumicement and go back to looking at cleavage.
Why does Daenerys Targaryen listen to Hoagy Carmichael	Because she's got Jorah on Her Mind.
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney! Merry Christmas sickos! :)
Why did the zombie turtle have so much trouble dancing	Rigor tortoise.
Why are 9/11 victims the best readers	They can go through 94 stories in seconds! Edit: Please don't hurt me.
Why couldnt the bike stand on its own	Because it was two tired!
Why does Stevie Wonder smile all the time	No one told him he's black.
Why is a woman lie a hurricane	When she comes she's wet and wild, but when she leaves she takes the house, the car and the kids...
Why is Santa's sack so big	Testicular cancer
Why are people afraid to talk to black people	Their scared they'll say something nigative
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees	They're really good at it.
Why did users stop coming to r/jokes	Because their jokes weren't very funny.
Why did the crayon want to be a phone	Because it wanted to be a texta.
Why are black people so good at basketball	The core elements of the game are things they have been doing forever. Shoot, steal and run.
Why can't Ms. Piggy count to 70	? Because when she gets to 69 she has a Frog in her throat.
Why don't female mathematicians use tampons	They are weary of anything that advertises discrete AND continuous protection.
Why did the old man buy his wig at the thrift store	Because he didn't want toupee.
Why aren't there any black people in the Air Force	They're still afraid of hangars.
Why can't Cinderella play soccer	Because she keeps running away from the ball
Why did the homeless women keep flies in a plastic bottle	That was her vibrator.
Why are Americans so bad at chess	They already lost two towers.
Why did the hipster burn his mustache on his coffee	...he was totally drinking it before it was cool.
Why did r/TwoXChromosomes flood	The dyke broke.
Why does a dinosaur have cracks between his toes	To carry his library card.
Why do black people have nightmares	We killed the only one with a dream
Why did Adele cross the road	So she could say hello from the other side
Why I don't joke about politicians	Because I don't joke about jokes.
Why is the moon so grumpy	It's just going through one of its phases.
Why did Cindrella sucked at baseball	Because she kept running away from the ball.
Why do black guy's eyes get red after sex	mace
Q: Why does a farmer look out of his window in the morning	A: Because he can't see through the wall.
Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe	it's fucking close to water.
Why did the bike fall over	It was ""two"" tired.
Why did the chicken coop only have two doors	Because if it had four doors, it'd be a chicken sedan!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	If they flew over the bay they would be baygulls. My dad told me this like 10 years ago and I can't get it out of my head...
Why did Michael Brown rob the convenience store	He was so hungry he could eat a bullet.
Why do redditors make such good fencers	They're used to dealing with ripostes.
Why does beyonce sing about the ""box to the left""	Because women have no rights
Why isn't Cindy spelled Sindie	Whoever caid C makes an S cound was ctupid.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see the idiot. Knock knock *Who's there?* The chicken...
Why did the horse fail German	Because he could only say, ""neighn!
Why do Republicans oppose Gay Marriage AND Obamacare	Because they hate mandates.
Why can't Kylo Ren get a date	Because he has always Ben Solo.
Why can't pencils have babies	Because they have rubbers on their end.
Why is r/Jokes only text, and forbids external links	Because black people can't be offended if they're only reading jokes.
Why does snoop dog carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle.
Why couldn't the man marry the melon	It was a cantaloupe.
Why don't Raggedy Ann &amp; Andy have any children	Cotton balls
Why did the chicken cross the road	He didn't. He died.
Why are 8 year old African children always so depressed	Mid-life crisis
Why is it difficult to identify horses from the back	They're always switching their tails!
Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall	To make up for a lousy summer.
Why do men scratch their balls	Because they are test-itch-els!
Why do chicken coups have two doors	Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why don't black people lay in the sun	...because it's 92.96 million miles away.
Why do we need iron in our diets	Because it's good ferrous.
Why did the cattle leave the marijuana field	Because the steaks were too high!
Why did the Austrian woman go to see a psychologist.	Because she wanted a penis.
Why are people so worried about Hurricane Matthew's wind speeds	I thought CAT4 was capped at 16Mbps.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie	[x-post from r/gratefuldead ] Because he was too far out man!
Why did the guy gay go to prison	For HOMO-cide.
Why doesn't Barbie have kids	Cause Ken cums in another box...
Why do men die before their wives	Because we want to!
Why is yogurt always in debt	Because it's Greek.
Why would anyone still use traditional sms text messages when you can just use WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger etc. for free	It's not about the money. It's about sending a message!
Why can't bikes stand up on their own	They are two tired.
Why do single people take dating advice from other single people	That's like Stevie Wonder giving Ray Charles driving directions.
Why did the lesbian cross the street	She was emo.
Why did the leper chase the leopard	Because she wanted the D. (I dreamed this joke last night. Not bad for a dream joke.)
Why don't blondes like M&amp;Ms	They're so damned hard to peel.
Why is grandpa fine with performing tricks, but gets mad if you ask grandma	It took him forever to get her off that street corner.
Why did the cow jump over the moon	Because the farmer had cold hands
Why'd the Mexican throw his wife off a cliff	Tequila
Why did Nintendo cross the road	idk, Nintendo always does random shit and never explains it
Why did the chicken cross the road	Black lives matter.
Why did the Sheikh cross the road	To get to the other wife.
Why did the referee blow his whistle at the leper hockey game	There was a face off at centre ice.
Why couldn't the computer play golf	... ...Because it had the wrong Driver
Why don't black people go on cruises	They're not going to fall for that one again.
Why couldn't Ray Charles see his friends	Because he was married
Why did the USSR have such a bad air force	They kept Stalin.
Why does waldo wear stripes	So he isn't spotted.
Why do so many Jews enjoy smoking	The ashes reminds them of their parents.
Why did the lion always lose at poker	He was playing with a bunch of cheetahs!
Why are jews always washing their hands	They're Germaphobes.
Why are 1980 pennies worth more than 1979 pennies	(Dads joke) The same reason 10 pennies is worth more than 9.
Why did the Dark Ages existed	Because there were 'nights.
Why do American's take letters out of words	Because they're lazy, and they hate U.
Q: Why do Polish police cars have stripes on  the side	A: So the cops can find the handles.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Dad, I'm over here.
Why do people buy fruit already cut up	There's only like 7 things in life easier than cutting up fruit and one of them is farting.
Why did the seismologist not have to pay for the damage caused by the earthquake	It wasn't his fault.
Why reddit is a murderer.	Because it killed me battery
Why did Hitler like blind people	Because they can not see.
Why use words you don't understand in your tweets	It just makes you look photosynthesis.
Why are defense lawyers the best lovers	Because they're great at getting you off.
Why cant you play cards on a rowboat	Because you're sitting on the deck...
Why did the Native American curse the snow	Because it was white and on his land!
Why did the farmer call his horse Baseball	Because it's covered with horsehide!
Why are Asians no good a football ( soccer)	Because whenever they get a corner they open a shop !
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	For fingering A Minor.
Why do porn stars always talk the same way as they would to a pet	Insert punch line below if needed
Why was the whittler banned from his synagogue	Because he made his rabbi a little cross.
Why did the Chinese almost lose in Mulan	They had way to many chinks in their armor.
Why did the pentagon change it's name to the square	Because they were cutting corners.
Why wasn't the Achilles invited into the body	Because it was already attendin'.
Why is an egg like a young horse	Because it can't be used until it's broken!
Q: Why do owners of muffler shops sleep so good at night	A: They're exhausted.
Why can't you keep secrets in a bank	Because of all the tellers.
Why did the one eyed bird go into a frozen food store	Because it was birdseye
Why did Adele crawl under the cow	...to say hello from the udder side. I'll take my Oscar now.
Why do u wanna work at Burger King	*imagines killing the Burger King & taking my rightful place as king* ""I haven't taken my meds in weeks
Why didn't the conspiracy theorist make his irreverently named pet sleep outside	Because 9/11 was an inside dog.
Why are black people tall	Because their knee grows.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	[not the traditional punchline] Because 7 was a registered 6 offender.
Why did the German get their tailor and their barber mixed up	They call their tailor Herr Dresser
Why can't a Chinese couple get a white baby	Because two wongs don't make a white
Why is the Kentucky Derby run in a circle	They like horsin' around.
Why did the man go fishing	Just for the halibut.
Why isn't Hitler invited to the barbecue	Because he always burns the franks
Why does Poland stay from Germany	a couple decades ago they had a three way with Russia that ended poorly
Why did the scarecrow earn an achievement award	He was outstanding in his field
Why did Chandler play the blues as loud as he could	He wanted to harm monica.
Why did Sally fall off the swings	She had no arms. Knock, knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Why can't a schizophrenic kleptomaniac become President	He always takes office clothes.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why do smart people wear glasses	Because as resolution goes down performance goes up. This is a little bad but....
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors	If it had four, it'd be called a chicken sedan.
Why do hamburgers and hot dogs fuck their cousins	Because they're inbred!
Why are people pissed off that Justin Bieber smoked some weed	It's not like he released another album or anything.
Why are gays never late for hotel check out	Because they get their shit packed the night before
Why is your nose in the middle of your face	It's the scenter.
Why did the pig walk into the kitchen	Because he felt like bacon. :P
Why couldn't the crime scene investigators find the murder weapon	They thought it was a piece of cake.
Why do girls... Hang out in odd numbers	Because they can't even!
Why did Amy Schumer go to a psychic	Because it's the only way she'll ever get near a medium.
Why do mermaids wear sea shells	Because their boobs are too big for b-shells!
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why didn't the Eskimo want to go hunting	I don't know, guess he just wasn't Inuit.
Why do priests have lots of kids	They always use the holy condoms.
Why do flowers and beer get along so well	They're buds
Why did the Mormon cross the road	To get to the other bride!
Why did Microsoft skip to windows 10	Because 7 8 9.
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Because he was dead.
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Because he was dead!
Why do single women take advice from other single women	That's like Stevie Wonder giving Ray Charles driving directions
Q: Why did the IRS recently audit Bill Clinton	A: Because he filed as head of the household.
Why do mother kangaroos hate rainy days	Because then the children have to play inside.
Why are lions more religious than other animals	They prey regularly.
Why did the baker have stinky hands	He kneaded a poo
Why are eggs so good at humor	Because they have running yolks.
Why can't you escape the angry forest	Because there are mad trees.
Why is a pensioners vagina like a pork pie	Because you have to bite off the crust and lick out the jelly before you get to the meat.
Why were the Libyans eating money	They were having dinar.
Why can ducks fly so well	They're high on quack.
Why did the skeleton cross the road	To get to the body shop.
Why don't smart girls ever get pregnant	Because they use their head.
Why did one european country eat the other	Because it was Hungary
Why can't you hear it when a pteranodon goes to the bathroom	Because they're all dead.
Why is Microsoft going straight to Windows 10	Because 7.. 8.. 9
Why do baby birds love Amy Schumer's comedy	They can't handle anything that hasn't been consumed and regurgitated.
Why did the elephant bring toilet paper to the party	He's a party pooper!
Why was the math teacher late for school	He took the rhombus
Why didn't Anna and Elsa's parents teach them the alphabet	Because they got lost at C.
Why do pigs never recover from illness	Because you have to kill them before you cure them !
Why is the Statue of Liberty a woman	Because the head had to be empty in order to build a restaurant.
Why was the lazy-eyed man a horrible teacher	Because he couldn't control his pupils.
Why do you see so many Bernie Posts on r/all	Because supporters of other candidates are out working or voting.
Why did the Buddhist refuse Novocaine	He wanted to transcend dental medication.
Why are fish only happy inside	They have in-door fins
Why do crows fly upside down over The Reservations	Cuz even they are tired of giving Indians free shit.
Why did Hitler kill himself	He looked at his gas bill.
Why was Pablo Escobar always falling asleep	He was **narco**leptic.
Why do geologists have children with birth defects	Because they practice relative dating!
Why shouldn't you wear Russian underwear	Because Chernobyl fall-out.
Why did Dr Frankenstein have his telephone cut off	Because he wanted to win the Nobel prize!
Why did the GameCube controller get off the boat	Because he got a little c-stick.
Why did the chicken cross the stage	To get to the other aside!
Why don't cats play poker in the jungle	Too many cheetahs.
Why did the fruits take out a $30,000 loan for their wedding	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone	He couldn't find the droid he was looking for.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring and good-looking	Because all those men already have boyfriends.
Why can't sluts count to seventy	69 is a mouthful.
Why didn't Superman rescue Princess Diana	Because he was in a wheelchair.
Why do cows need four legs to walk	Because they lactose. Moo
Why do pop artists hate shoe shopping	They have too many ft. *edit for spelling
Why don't anarchists accept the metric system	They refuse to have liters.
Why was Santa upset he got a sweater for Christmas	Because he wanted a screamer of a moaner.
Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety pills	To prevent Hispanic attacks
Why aren't anal sex jokes funny	Because they tend to be inside jokes.
Why was Mr. Strawberry sad	He was in a Jam.
Why do Scarecrows Make Great Rocket Scientists	...because they're out-standing in their field!
Why are 9/11 victims the best readers	They can go through 94 stories in seconds!
why don't lions like clowns	they taste funny
Why did Simba's father die	He couldn't Move Fasa
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas with Halloween	Because Dec 25 = Oct 31
why do they call it an owl	because when you see it you turn your head 270 degrees and fly away
Why did the male spider spin a web	So he could catch all the fly ladies.
Why did the blonde tip-toe near the medicine cabinet	Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
why did abe lincoln get released from prison	because he's in a cent
Why did the sperm cross the road	I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why was Ed single	Because Sheeran away.
Why do you go to a black mans garage sale	So you can get all your stuff back.
Why do raindrops like lightning at night	-So they can see where they are going
Why did the chicken cross the road	Doesn't matter kek
Why can't a blonde count to 70	Because 69 is a mouthful.
Why were the Indians the first ones here	Because they had reservations.
Why does the Pope shower with his briefs on	He doesn't like to look down on the unemployed.
Why did the Muslim man let the air out of his sex doll	So he could blow it up again.
Why did the French Hen give up her job	One day she'd just had un uf.
Why can't ghosts have babies	They have hollow weenies!
Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Utah	Because they couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
Why do Hummingbirds hum	Because they forgot the words!
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in three's	The sign says ""no trespassing.
Why do Mobius strips make such bad politicians	They can be rather one-sided.
Why did the math student fail his exam	He needed to sketch the sine and cuisine graphs but only knew how to do cos(-x)
Why aren't there many dead baby jokes anymore	They don't age well.
Why couldn't the hippie reach his tie dyed T-shirt	Because it was Far Out!
Why did the chicken cross the road...	Because he wanted to say hello from the other side
Why did the cab driver get a divorce	Because he had a fare.
Why did Johnny Bravo go to the pet store	To pick up some chicks.
Why was the skeleton alone at prom	Because he had no body to go with!
Why did the dog go into the church	The doors were open.
Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well	Because they have a common enemy
Why was the communist arrested	He was caught red handed.
Why did god make pussy look like a taco	So we can eat it...
Why is it difficult to break up with a Japanese girlfriend	Because you have to drop the bomb twice for her to get the message.
Why is Alabama the worlds biggest sandwich	Because the whole state is inbred
Why didn't Hitler talk to Jews	He had Auschwitzim
Why couldn't Handel play his harpsichord	Because it was baroquen.
Why won't anyone eat the dogs birthday cake	Because he always slobbers out the candles!
Why don't aliens eat clowns	Because they taste funny.
Why did the rap battle champion get the most spacious and accessible seat on the bus	Because of his dis-ability.
Why did Al Gore go to the dentist for a tooth pulling	He had an Inconvenient Tooth.
Why did the guitarist get arrested	He was arrested for fingering a minor
Why do pirates like girls with small tits	Because they always search for sunken chests
Why did the inventor of panadol think I had no parents	I said I'm an orphan.
why cant Ray Charles see his friends	? Because he's married.
Why did the Chicken cross the road	Because the farmer left the chicken hatch open
Why didn't the parrot want the black guy to buy him	Polly want a Cracker.
Why are the people of Saudi Arabia always behind the times	Because they live under Iraq.
Why do chicken coops have only 2 doors	If they had 4, it would be a chicken sedan! ^I'm^so^sorry
Why are there no guys named William serving in the army	Because they dislike the phrase ""Fire at Will
Why was the Jewish man so defensive about his beer	Because Hebrewed it.
Why is Santa's sack so full	He only comes once a year
Why do seagulls fly over the sea, not the bay	If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels :D
Why has Stonehenge been there since 2000 BC	because it's stoned.
Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to 10	Because Windows 7 ate 9!!! :D
Why did the condom fly across the room	Because it was pissed off.
Why was the password a bad attorney	[OC] He was case sensitive!
Why aren't there any Jewish gangsters	Because they don't ""come from the hood
Why did the can crusher quit his job	Because it was soda pressing.
Why did Luke Skywalker get in trouble for using the Live Long and Prosper sign	It's because he was accused of cultural appropriation.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	The P is silent
Why couldnt you trust Castros wife	Because at one point, she was infidel. Ok ill leave now
Why is it difficult to find the clitoris	Because you have to go through a labiarinth.
why did the scarecrow win a Pulitzer Prize	He was outstanding in his field
Q: Why did the baker have brown hands	A: Because he kneaded a poo.
Why is the letter E like London	Because it is the capital of England.
Why do people never eat clocks	Because it is very TIME CONSUMING. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL LMFAO STFU
Why did the calendar give up on life	Because he felt his days were numbered.
Why do gas prices end with 9/10 of a penny	It just makes cents.
Why are hurricanes sometimes named after girls	because When they come they're wild and wet like hurricanes, but when they go they take your house and car
Why did the Console peasant cross the Road	To render the Building on the other Side
Why did KGB officers always travel in threes	One who could read, one who could write, and the third to watch over those two dangerous intellectuals.
Why do farmers put bells on cows	Their horns don't work.
Why do the proms stop after high school	Just because I'm an adult now doesn't mean I don't still need to grind on people to Lil' Jon songs.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To show these fu**in pedestrians how its done!
Q: Why is a blonde like Australia	A: They're both down under and no one cares.
Why do kangaroos hate rainy days	Because the kids have to play inside.
Why did the headless chicken cross the road	Cause he was supposed to be-headed to the other side
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Why can't Edward leave Russia	He's Snowden.
Why do prescription pills always say ""by mouth	Where else would people put th... Ooooooh.
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll around in mud, and cross again after being caught by the mafia	Because he was a dirty double crosser.
Why do procrastinators live the longest	Because they die at the last second.
Why is it spelled 'cancelled' in the UK, but 'canceled' in the US	Because the US gave the UK that L back in 1776.
Q: Why is Chelsea Clinton a miracle child	A: Because lawyers use their personalities for birth control.
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand	Because she moans with the other.
Q: Why can't Bill Clinton file a defamation  of character suit against his critics	A: Because Bill Clinton has no character to defame.
Why is K-9 another term for a dog	Because if it was a cat, it would be a K-10.
Why did Jeffrey Dahmer fuck his corpses	He already had a skin lamp, but he didn't have a flesh light
Why do mermaids wear sea shells	Because they can't fit in d-shells. Edit: re wording
Why are african americans so good at sports	Because of hard work and dedication.
Why did (do	) cavemen drag their women by the hair? if the dragged them by their feet they'd fill up with mud.
Why do you never see Hippo's hiding in trees	Because they're so good at it.
Why are white girls odd	Because they can't even!
Why did my Geoligist wife divorce me	She kept on saying that everything I said was complete bullschist
Why is a redneck wedding and a tornado alike	Because either way someone is losing a trailer.
Why do kangaroos hate rainy days	Because all the kids have to play in side.
Why does black lives matter affect the postal service	They have white mail privilege.
Why do people say ""fat people are lazy""	Fat people get themselves food, I'm skinny because I'm too lazy to get myself food.
Why are statistics more believable with a larger sample size	The Ns justify the means.
Why do people live soda	Because it's sodalicious.
Why does a milking stool have only three legs	Because the cow has the udder
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because North Korea's long-range missiles can't reach that far
Why does Walter get to keep more of the drug money than Jessie	White privilege
Why do volleyball player want to join the armed forces	For the chance to gain some experience in the service.
Why did the Eskimo break up with his girlfriend	He just wasn't really Inuit...
Q: Why does it take longer to build a blonde snowman than a regular one	A: You have to hollow out the head.
Why did Microsoft skip a number when naming their new operating system	Because 7 ate 9.
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road	A: Because the chicken wasn't invented yet.
Why do wallets make so much noise	Because money talks.
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip	To get to the same side.
Why was the redneck on his Iphone at his sister's funeral...	He was changing his relationship status to single. Dahurpy durp Dahurpy Durp Da dUrpy durp.
Why would I donate 2 to save a kid's life	I'd rather spend that 2 on a condom to prevent a kid's life.
why can't you fool aborted fetuses	because they weren't born yesterday.
Why did the wizard ask a pretty chick to throw a heavy box on him	Not just the hard on............ it would've made him more flexible
Why did vatican invite Bernie not Hillary	They couldn't afford it.
why did the tomato cross the road	to become ketchup
Why don't blind people go skydiving	Because it scares the crap out of their dogs.
Why did the melon try so hard to get her father's approval	Because she cant-aloupe
Why didn't the girl ride her bike to go water the neighborhood flower bed like usual	Because the pedals fell off.
Why was the Cyclops a terrible teacher	He only had one pupil.
Why can't rappers take holidays	They always forget Tupac.
Why are boats named after and referred to as women like ""Ain't she magnificent""	Because they're both things you can get in and still complain
Why did the angry ant fall off the toilet seat	Because it was pissed off.
Why did the farmer name his pig ""pork Chop""	Because 'Bacon' was already taken.
Why do people tip cows	Their service isn't even that good.
Why is a woman unlike a washing machine	After you throw a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow you around.
[religion] Why did Jesus die on the cross	he forgot the safe word
Why did the blonde have a sore belly button	Because there are blonde men too!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To say Hello from the other side.
Why wasn't Jesus Christ born in Alabama	They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Why did the religious bull get mad	Because he had a bi-son
Why was the blonde wearing condoms on her ears	Because she didn't want to get hearing-AIDS.
Why did the monster take his nose apart	To see what made it run.
Why does NASA drink sprite	Because they couldn't get 7up
Why did the elephant eat the candle	For light refreshment !
Why did Little Johnny drop his ice cream	He got hit by a truck...
Why do cowboys like dachshunds so much	They like to get a long little doggie.
Why don't the French enjoy travelling to Northern Ireland	Because they don't like the smell of Derry air.
Why doesn't the Easter Bunny make noise when he has sex	Because he has cotton balls!
Why is ten afraid of nine	Because nine ate seven! *heh heh*
Why did former Alabama governor George Wallace fail high school calculus	He refused to integrate.
Why do Ukrainians not like being late	They don't wanna be rushin
Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety medication	To prevent Hispanic attacks.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because seven was a registered six offender.
Why don't seagulls ever fly over the bay	Because then they'd be bagels.
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks	It takes too long to retrain them.
Why is yellow afraid of red	Because red blue green.
Why does Japan have such a low obesity rate	They don't want to see their little boy grow into a fat man.
Why did the little girl fall off the swing	Because she had no arms.
Why can't gay people play poker	Because they can't keep a straight face.
Why did the condom fly away	It got pissed off.
Why is a Camel called the ship of the ship of the desert	It's full of Arab Seamen.
Why an Irish man might vote for Donald Trump	Because he thinks his Capital will keep on Dublin under his presidency
Why can't a bicycle stand up on its own	Because it's too tired.
Why do you get when you cross a Rhino with a Panzer tank	A bloody mess
Why can't Irishmen be lawyers	They can never get past the bar.
Why did the girl fall off the swing	coz she has no arms.
Why does Saturday stink	Because it has a turd in it.
Why do pirates love sunny weather	Because there's lots of AYE ARRR (IR) radiation!
Why does the CPU never get any work done	Because it gets interrupted constantly.
Why was the lion cub sent to jail	It was a child predator.
Why can't you play UNO with a mexican	They always steal the green card.
Why are black men afraid of chainsaw's	When you start them, they made the sound ""runnnniganiganiganiga"" Sorry for the racism, but had to share this.
Why was the tomato blushing	...because he saw the salad dressing
Why wasn't the aeroplane invented in China	Because two Wongs don't make a Wright.
Why do we never take the time to thank mislabeled concrete	It's mistaken for granite.
Why was the floppy disk self-conscious	Because it was FAT.
Why should you never trust a whale with your secrets	They're huge blubbermouths.
Why are dragons so tired	Because they fight knights!
Why would I want to talk to your baby	On the phone. It's a baby. If I wanted to hear random noises when I talk, I have a husband for that.
Why did the perv go into Victoria's Secret	The panties were half off
Why is it a bad idea to swim in the Mississippi River	Because it has pp in it.
Why do Irishmen grow mustaches	So they look like their mothers
Why do the ladies love Jesus so much	Because he comes twice and he was hung like this: (spread your arms like you're on the cross)
why does it take so long for a pirate to learn the alphabet	the could spend years at sea
Why did the mathematician move to Seattle	He liked LaGrange bands
Why do black people from west Africa never go on cruises	They're not falling for that again.
Why can't a bike stand on its own	Because it's two tired.
Why would Bill Cosby make a great lawyer	The proof is in the pudding
Why shouldn't you be friends with a broken clock	Because it won't even give you the time of day.
Why do we call the office printer Bob Marley	Cause it's always Jammin'
Why did no one laugh at the hot dogs joke	Because it was too cheesy. I work at a hot dog stand and tell this from time to time.
Why can't motorcycles go faster	They're two tired.
Why couldn't the man leave Moscow	He was Snowden.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms	A: They're too hard to peel.
Why did Leonardo di Caprio want Steve Harvey to host the Oscars	He'd get it.
Why do Jews watch porn backwards	Because they like to climax at the part when the hooker gives the money back.
Why are squirrels actions so sexual	They are always trying to bust a nut
Why do they call them ""country bumpkins""	Because in the country, you bump your kin!
Why was the first computer never invited to dinner	It would just take a few bytes then run.
Why did the funeral director cover his mouth	he kept coffin
Why did the man get dumber after he fixed the potholes in the road	Because he re-tarred it.
Why couldn't the teddy bear eat any more of its dinner	It was stuffed.
Why was the baby Honeydew sad	Because it was Meloncholic
Why did the student do their multiplication problems on the floor	Their teacher told them not to use tables!
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sports Authority	Cuz he likes Dicks.
Why was the guitar teach arrested	For fingering a minor.
Why can't feminists change a light bulb	Because no matter how many you have they still can't change shit.
Why was Harry Potter hufflepuffed after his date with Hermione	She wouldn't let his ravenclaw slytherin her Gryffindor.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	They like 50% off everything
Why did France really surrender to Germany	*Hitler was being Vichy.* [Just thought of this earlier in the shower... Had gas ever since.]
Why the population in India is exploding these days	Because everyone over there is doing IT!
Why kind of motorcycles do cows ride	Mooooootorcycles!
Why do people with a gluten allergy usually make for pretty funny comedians	Because they always have silly acts.
Why was Yoda afraid of 7	Because 6 7 8.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	His wife is dead.
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator	A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
Why is it good that the Vietnamese man won first place	It's a Nguyen-win situation.
Why was the plant embarrassed	It soiled itself. *Buh dum ts* *Dodges tomatoes*
Why do countries ""cut ties"" when things get tense	So weird having men walk around in suits and half ties.
Why are women bad at parking	Because they're consistently lied to about what 6 inches looks like.
Why can't the cops keep calm and carry on	Because they carry guns instead
Why do plants hate math	... Because it gives them square roots
Why is there so much tension in Iraq	They Haven't Broke the Isis yet.
Why do girls always walk in odd packs	Because they literally can't even.
Why does Lichtenstien never lose a race	Because nothing is faster then Liecht!
Why doesn't the Grinch like knock knock jokes	Because there's always Whos there!
Why is MetLife Stadium the windiest stadium in the NFL	Because there's a Giant fan in every seat.
Why could Neo from the Matrix never be a Christian	Because he has his own Hole-y Trinity -I'll see myself out
Why did the chicken cross the road	To confuse pirates
Why is school like a boner	It's long and hard...unless you're asian.
Why is Santa Claus's sack always so full	Because he only comes once a year
Why did the farmer take a bale of hay to bed	He wanted to feed his nightmares.
Why were the Ten Commandments so powerful	Because they were set in stone.
Why do cows wear bells	Their horns don't work.
[offensive] Why didn't Hitler become an artist	Because he hated mixing colors...
Why do black people eat fried chicken	Because it tastes good.
Why are sailors so impatient when they get on land	Because they're tired of waiting in the rhumb line.
Why can't the average white girl pass Math	Because she can't even.
Why can't Hellen Keller Drive	She's a Woman.... No, Seriously, it's cause she's dead.
Why was 11 afraid of 12	Because 12 13 14!!!!! GET IT?!?!??! source: some comment on reddit I read like 6 months ago
Why did the black man buy 4 boxes of condoms	Because he practices safe sex and they were on sale.
Why did the European businessman sleep on the streets	To avoid a hostel takeover.
Why is Hollywood full of vampires	They need someone to play the bit parts.
Why did the lawyer refuse to take payment when defending the lead singer of U2	Because he said he was pro Bono.
Why do men stare at a woman's breasts	To prove they can focus on two things at once.
Why did Mufasa die	Because he didn't Mufasa-nuff.
Why doesn't Texas slide into the Gulf of Mexico	Because Oklahoma Sucks!
Why do seagulls only fly over the sea	If they flew over the bay, they'd be called Baygulls.
Why is a creative writing workshop the first step when training to become a firefighter	Prose before Hose
Why can't lesbians have sex at concerts	Because rock beats scissors.
Why did the bear run around his bed	He wanted to catch up on his sleep.
Why is it a bad idea to wear tiny shorts on a Ukranian holiday	Chernobyl fallout.
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three	Because it says ""No Trespassing"".
Why did the gray whale go on a diet	Because he wasn't a Fin whale!
Why do the French eat snails	Because they don't like fast food.
Why couldn't Beethoven find his teacher	Because he was Haydn.
Why is Dick short for Richard	Genetics, I guess
Why can't single women fart	Because they don't have an asshole until they're married.
Why do Republicans make good DJs	Because they know how to shut the House down.
Why are all Atheists poor	Because Atheism is a not for-prophet organization.
Why did the personal trainer break up with his girlfriend	She just wasn't working out.
Why did Hitler move from Germany to Westeros in full support of the Starks	Because he saw real hope for an Aryan nation.
Why don't electrical engineers get girls	Because they can resistor.
Why don't progressives go to the dentist	Because dentists like everything straight and white.
Why are orphans unable to play baseball	They've never known what home is.
Why were the twin towers sad	They ordered pepperoni but got plain.
Why are Iranian women always eating	They can't stop getting stoned
Why'd the pervert get banned from the board game shop	No fucking clue
Why did the boy fall off his bike	Someone threw a fridge at him
Why don't baseball players get much action	Because they have foul balls.
Why being gay is a serious issue	Because men are fucking asshole
Why is a schoolhouse red	You would be too if you had 7 periods a day.
Why can't there be a League of Legend's team of 5 Lucians	Because you can't have a team with only 3 champions.
Why can't you tell pun jokes to kleptomaniacs	Because they always take things literally
Why is there Head & Shoulders shampoo	Who has hair on their shoulders. Whose shampooing their shoulder hair. Please come  forward.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because, he ate the pizza before it was cool.
Why was Cinderella bad at basketball	Because her coach was always a pumpkin.
Why is Harry Potter so popular	The story grows on you.
Why cannibals prefer to eat gay people	Because they have good taste.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of boats	Because if they fell foward, they would still be on the boat.
[NSFW] why do penguins have flat dicks	Because they masturbate like this *imitates penguin flapping arms*
Why did the stand-up comedian get such bad reviews	He was sitting.
Why did Sally drop her ice cream while crossing the street	She got hit by a Bus.
Why did the moth go into the dentist's office	The light was on.
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. stop drinking	It was making him Moody Edit: Guys, its a Harry Potter Joke for those who don't get it.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact	Breasts don't have eyes.
Why isn't China a democracy	Because then they'd have to hold erections.
Why don't lions eat clowns	Because they taste funny
Why did the condom fly across the room	Because it got pissed off.
Why did the internet pirate get scurvy	He couldn't use Lime Wire anymore.
Why does the Hound of the Baskervilles turn round and round before he lies down for the night	Because he's the watchdog and he has to wind himself up.
Why does the KKK wear all white	Because they hate black, people!!!
Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors	If it had four it'd be a chicken sedan!
Why did the woman's visit to wall street land her in the hospital	Because the stock broker!
Why did little Jimmy break open his computer	It said that it had 20 cookies in it.
Why doesn't the pope like continuous functions	They're not hole-y.
Why did Thor not invite many people to his brother's wedding	Because it was Low key
Why did the writer not like his friends book	It wasn't his type.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road	Because it was stuck in a crack!
Why should you never put the punchline in the title	Because it ruins the joke
Why do Chihuahuas have such short necks	Because their heads are so close to their bodies!
Why do old people read the bible so much	I asked my grandad the other day ""why do old people read the bible so much?"" He replied ""cause we're cramming for finals
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So they aren't mistaken for feminists.
Why is it better to be a redditor rather than a suicide bomber	You are guaranteed to meet more virgins..
Why did the policeman stay in bed today	he was undercover *!*
Q: Why don't blacks fuck Afghans	A: Because they are going to make you blow.
Why are pirates always angry when they go to the restroom	Because they p-irate.
Why do they call it the Xbox360	Because when you see it, you turn 360 degrees and walk away.
Why is the new Brexit diet so popular	All you gotta be is a little more than halfway into it and the pounds will start falling.
Why do Jews get circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fowls.
Why did Hitler delay the invasion of Britain	The weather called for *Heil*
Why do they name all hurricanes after women	Because when they arrive they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take your house and car
Why is India surprised by the Brexit vote	They didn't know you could get Britain to leave by voting.
Why arent the americans playing chess	...they are missing two towers.
Why did the band Wham! break up	Because he didn't wake him up before he went went. It's [Jitterbug]( http://youtu.be/pIgZ7gMze7A), people.
Q: Why doesn't the dinosaur cross the road  anymore	A: Because their eggs stink. (They're extinct)
Why did they start using liquid soaps in prisons	(if you thought because you can't drop it, guess again) Because it takes longer to pick up.
Why Snoop Dogg can't eat a hotdog...	Because he drops it like it's hot!
Why can't Jesus eat m&amp;ms	they keep falling through. If you aren't offended. Swap out black Jesus and skittles. Happy Easter.
Why are vaginas called beavers	because beavers eat wood
Why does Heisenberg hate driving	He gets lost every time he checks the speedometer.
Why did the octopus become an electrician	Because many hands make light work.
Why is 6 scared of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender.
Why won't you ever see an ant walk in a church	They're insects. I'll show myself out.
Why did a scarecrow win a Nobel prize	because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the man drink two beers with his lunch	Because he wanted to drink two beers with his lunch.
Why did the pharoah go to the dentist	Because egypt his tooth.
Why I don't let my girlfriend play my PS4	1. I don't have a PS4. 2. I don't have a girlfriend.
Why are the buses in London red	You'd be too if you came every 10 minutes.
Why does Tom Hiddleston only invite his closest friends/family to his birthday	He likes to keep things low key.
Why won't Monica Lewinsky be voting for Hillary	Because the last Clinton presidency left a very bad taste in her mouth.
Why Don't Santa Claus and Misses Claus have children	Because Santa only comes once a year and when he does its down the chimney.
Why did the monkey trip over the branch	Because the Chimp-Can't -See
Why are gym memberships illegal	Because of the Free Exercise Clause.
Why did the black man walk backwards	I have no idea, Your Honor, but he was coming right at me and I felt my life was at risk.
Why can't a bicycle stand alone	It's two tired.
Why are there no black characters in clue	Becuase if there were it would be called solved
Why do sumo wrestles shave their legs	So that you can tell them apart from feminists
Why are carbon chains with two double bonds so sad	Because they're diene
Why did the noodle take a bow after the recital	He was the vermicellist
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 left him a note saying ""You're next"".
Why don't woman have urinals in their bathroom	Because they would clog it up with their tampons. HA HA j/k
Why didn't they just call ""Ant-Man"" Uncle	Credit to Steve Higgins from The Tonight Show.
Why can't you trust atoms	Because they make up everything!
Why did the Jews board the trains to Auschwitz	The tickets were free.
Why was the electrolytic solution taken to court	It was charged with a salt.
Why does the American Border Patrol guard take Xanax	... ... To stop Hispanic attacks.
Why did the ska guitarist take twice as long to fap	He only knows up strokes
Why did vegan cross the road	Because chicken came to his side.
Why did the man fall down the well	He couldn't see that well
Why couldn't Edward leave Russia	Because he was Snowden.
Why are there so many Jews	It's the only race that's well accounted for.
Why don't black girls wear underwear to cookouts	To keep the flies off the fried chicken.
Why has ""America"" been abbreviated to USA	Because it has to Capitalize everything
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella	For Drizzle.
Why did the pedophile cross the road	To get to the other slide.
Why is Alabama the smartest state	Because it has four A's and one B.
Why was the bullet train behind schedule	Because it had a bad conductor.
Why was the dildo company so successful	Good product placement.
Why does our body absorb Strontium	To make our bones stronger
Why are high school girls only 13, 15, or 17	Because OMG, they like LITERALLY can't even.
Why did Donald Trump watch the olympics	To see how high the mexicans pole vaulters can jump
Why is it dark in Skeletor's castle	Because He-Man has the power.
Why does Peter pan always fly	Because he Neverlands
Why did the girl quit her job at the doughnut factory	Because she was fed up with the hole business.
Why do time machines make you happy	They're an anti de-present.
Why didn't the guitarist get laid	Because he had bad pickups
Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy	Because he doesn't think it matters if you make it or not.
Why is Santa so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why are there no headache tablets in the jungle	Because the Parrots-eat-em-all. Thank you, I'm here all night.
Why does lightning always strike trees	They are the path of leaf resistance.
Why does Tiger Woods bring an extra pair of socks while golfing	In case he gets a hole in one.
why are clothes so expensive	??? i should not have to pay this much to not be naked. people should pay ME to not be naked
Why did Santa name his penis Conjunction	Because it joins Clauses.
Why did Johnny fail his programming class	His mom kept telling him to do his homework, ""No ifs, ands, or buts!
Why did the printer have wet ink	Because it couldn't control P
Why did the white bassist refuse to play the show	He had a bass only a brother could love.
Why did the black guy loose all his money	Because a cop robbed him.
Why does Sunscreen break atomic rule	It's only SPF
Why did the hospital put all of their gynecologists on salary	Because the ova time was killing them.
Why do rappers always get arrested	Because he who did the rhyme did the crime
Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive	Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.
Why are Mistborns always so thin	Because they're always Burning calories!
Why will Trump become President	Because of his Trump card.
Why is a banana peel on the sidewalk like music	Because if you don't C sharp you'll B flat.
Why did the geologist quit his job	His boss always took him for granite.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	He neverlands. I like this joke because it never grows old. -I saw this on twitter today and laughed, so I thought I would share.
Why can't atheist solve exponential problems	Because they don't believe in higher powers.
Why did the whale cross the road	To get to the other tide !
Why do sorority girls travel in odds	Because they can't even!
Why did Jared decide to gain all of his weight back	The mall is hiring new Santas.
Why was the Jolly Green Giant wrongly accused of being a pedophile	He'd been letting the kids use his dick for a bungee cord.
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority	Because they don't like Dick's.
Why do I support extreme racist political parties	Because their aims are white up my street
Why is the fungus such a hypocrite	because it doesn't have mushroom to talk.
Why don't SJWs go to college	Because you have to put Male or Female on the college application
Why are women bad at parking	Because they have a wrong perception of how long 20 centimeters are.
Why should you stand in a corner when you are cold	Because corners are *90* *degrees*
Why did the duck get arrested	because he was smoking quack!
Why are most demolitions experts happy	They get the best blow jobs in town.
Why Did The Black Guy Crossed The Road	because... chicken.lel
Why are elevator jokes so funny	Because they work on so many levels
Why do ducks have flat feet	To stomp out forest fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out flaming ducks.
Why do nurses smack newborn babies on the back before handing them over to their parents	.. To knock the dicks off of the stupid ones
Why does Waldo wear stripes	He doesn't want to be spotted
Why don't the people of Pompeii like volcanoes	Because they're all dead. As told by my best friend, in light of the Indian joke.
Why did the Ferguson protesters go home early last night	The whole thing was a gas.
Why did the Pakistani cook get fired	He could only cook eggs Sunni side up and, honestly, they tasted like Shi'ite.
Why did the golfer take a spare pair of trousers with him	Incase he got a hole in one!
Why did the Polar bear struggle in geometry class	Because the teacher was a Cartesian bear.
Why Does Donald Trump Oppose Single Payer	Because he is a Toupeer
Why'd God make women pretty but dumb	They're pretty, so men will like them. They're dumb, so they will like men. Courtesy of the great movie Ip Man 3 which I watched yesterday.
Why did the soccer player have to ask for a bib at the restaurant	Because he was Messi
Why did the Japanese American bring his server with him	He thought they said internet camp
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to your house. Knock knock... *who's there"" It's the chicken!
Why do politians hate the term ""mudslinging""	They don't want to get their hands dirty.
Why doesn't Kylo Ren's lightsaber look like a normal lightsaber	Because it's a First Order approximation.
Why do they bury police officers 6ft under.	Because deep down they are good people.
Why don't witches wear underwear	They have to grip the broom.
Why do nice guys always finish last	Because their girlfriends always cum first.
Why do hippies wear corduroy	It's groovy!
Why was the teenage girl fired from her job at the casino	Because SHE JUST CAN'T DEAL
Why do Christian people suck at Pokemon	They don't believe in evolution
Why did the Hobbit put his phone on silent	Because he was bored of the rings!
Why do bagpipers walk when they play	They're trying to get away from the noise.
Why does Batman wear a mask	Because the citizens of Gotham aren't morons, like those idiots over in Metropolis
Why shouldn't you give a meth addict laxatives	because it's already hard enough for them to keep their shit together.
Why are straight men smarter during sex	Because they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
Why did the chicken cross the road half way	He wanted to lay it on the line !
Why do Americans just ignore the ""H"" in ""Herb""	Honestly, no idea!
Why did the parrot wear a raincoat	Because she wanted to be a Polly unsaturated !
Why is Tigger always dirty	Because he plays with Pooh
Why wouldn't the vampire eat his soup	It clotted.
Why do Chinese people sound like lions when you tell them a joke	Because they ror.
Why is Ireland the richest country in the world	Because it's capital is always Dublin.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose... Glutes(   )
Why do Jamaican philosophers shit together	Because they discuss tings.
Why are people without converse shoes dangerous	Because they own none chucks.
Why don't Canadians have many orgies	Too many thank-you notes.
Q: Why did the lazy person buy a tall dog	- A: So that they didn't have to bend down to pet it.
Why did Hitler kill the Jews	Because they're greedy dirty Jews
Why is it worse this time around	Thermal cameras mean I can't save anyone by hiding them in my roof.
why should you never iron a four-leaf clover	Because you shouldn't press your luck.
Why do White Supremists call this month ""The Holocaust""	Because it's just another Jew Lie (The Holocaust is real and this is just a joke)
Why did the old lady cover her mouth with her hands when she sneezed	To catch her false teeth.
Why do lesbians hate Nutella	Because it's not nut-free
Why can't you lift weights on Monday	It's a week day.
Why won't the Alzheimer's patient pay attention to you	Because he doesn't know the time of day.
Why did the mother cat pick up her kittens	She didn't want to litter
why does reddit love cats so much	because they give zero fucks
Why do weathermen name hurricanes after women	Because when they come they're wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and car with them.
Why were the early days of history called the dark ages	Because there were so many knights
Why do you never see elephant's in trees	They're really good at hiding.
Why do technicolor pigs have great breath	Because the have a lot of pigments.
Why did princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Why did God invent men	Because vibrators can't mow the lawn
Why repent	I pented just last week.
Why is it so hard to convict horse rapists	Because sometimes neigh means yay.
Why did Russia close all of its airports	The planes were stalin.
Why did Adolph Hitler become embarrassed in a Jewish synagogue	He had bad gas.
Why did Hitler cross the street	To get to the GENO-SIDE!
Why do you get the best blowjob at a crack house	Because they ain't got no teeth!
Why can't anarchists draw straight lines	Because they don't have any rulers.
why don't black people go on cruises	Because they already fell for that shit once.
Why did the blonde snort splenda	She thought it was diet coke.
Why do tampons have strings	So crabs can go bungee jumping
Why did the hippie drown	He was too *far out*!
Why was the broom late	Because it overswept.
Why did a Jamaican cry while eating chicken	Because the chicken was a Jerk.
Why did the paedophilic bestialist not answer his name	Because he was feeling a little horse.
Why was Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven was a Six offender.
Why do German shower-heads have 11 holes	because Jews only have 10 fingers.
Why did the black guy cross the road	He heard there was chicken on the other side!
Why are there no black snowmen	WHITE POWDER!!!
Why is imgur down	It was over *cat*pacity.
why was the computer late to work	because it had a hard drive! (stole it from ellen, from her classic joke tuesday)
Why did the pervert cross the road	Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Why is it impossible to starve in the desert	Because of the sand which is there.
Why was the car naked	It was missing a tire.
Why does Marx support New Years Eve celebrations	Well, it's got everyone out and about, celebrating another revolution..... (I'll show myself out)
Why aren't you allowed alcohol on a golf course	Because it's a crime to drink and drive.
Q: Why didn't the pig have to pay for drinks on the cruise	A: It was all-oink-lusive.
Why was the Frenchmen racist	Because he was a bigette.
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Cause Jewish women won't take anything unless its 10% off.
Why did Bach have to sell his organ	A: Because he was baroque.
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field	It was a case of the pot calling the cattle back.
Why does everyone hate Harkonnen web-devs	Divs within Divs within Divs ...
Why can't you be friends with a tampon	Because they are stuck up cunts.
Why do people hate cliffhangers	Because the suspense is killing them.
Why do farts smell	So that deaf people can enjoy them too.
Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth	Because it had a spear through it's head.
Why is it so hard to breakup with Japanese girls	You have to drop the bomb twice
Why doesn't mexico have an olympic team	...because everyone who can run, jump or swim has already crossed the border
Why was the new Mexican sad	He was out of meth. Why was the old Mexican sad? All his friends are dead.
Why did the radiologist break up with the gold digger	Because he saw right through her.
Why can't gays get auto insurance	Because they're always rear-ending each other!
Why does Windows 10 say ""Hello""	Because my PC is a Dell. (please don't hurt me it's my first post on r/Jokes omg)
Why do so many girls do archaeology degrees	Because they love digging up the past.
Why does Saudi Arabia import so many camels from Australia	They've got to get their 72 virgins *somewhere*
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the toilet	Because the P is silent!
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the toilet	Because the P is silent.
Why do skeletons have so many kids	Because all they can do is bone.
Why are glasses required to do math	because you need it for davision
Why are most Hotwheel cars Ford	So people can grow up getting used to pushing a Ford.
Q: Why was the willow weeping	A: He was unpoplar.
Why do milking stools only have 3 legs	Because the cow has the udder
Why did the Wright brothers turn their aircraft 90 degrees west when their dad walked in the cockpit	because three Wrights make a left.
Why would John Wilkes Booth kill Abraham Lincoln	You would too if the guy in front of you at the Theatre was wearing a Top Hat!
Why did the Spy cross the road	'Cause he wasn't really on your side.
Why are the steaks so high	Because the pot was calling the cattle back and the cows went back to the marijuana field.
Why does Barack Obama eat bananas	Because they are popular, inexpensive, and a good source of potassium.
Why did hitler kill himself	Because he saw his gas bill
Why does Bear Grylls love Bud Light	It's sterile and he likes the taste.
Why is it so important to fruits to get married	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the dolphin run away from home to start a new life	He felt he had lost his sense of porpoise.
Why don't North Koreans like jazz music	Because they don't have Seoul.
Why did a Mexican man throw his wife off a cliff	Tequila.
Why does Gordon Ramsay always use a condom	Because he should not be FUCKING RAAWWW!!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see his girlfriend on the other side, but then he got taken by McDonalds and crushed for chicken nuggets.
Why is manna from heaven like horse hay	Both are food from aloft!
Why is Edward still in Russia	Because he is Snowd*en*
Why was Jesus a virgin when he died	Every time he touched a ""wound"" it closed.
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares the shit out of their dog!
Why did the black guy get mad at the pirate	He dropped the hard 'arrrrrr.'
Why do professional boxers not have sex the night before a big fight	Because they don't like each other very much.
Q: Why is it so easy to make plans with a gymnast	A: Because their schedules are so flexible.
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would too if your name was bblamdiffergmunmnumblldpbdb.
Why does flint never get any likes on their Instagram pictures	Cause they don't use a filter.
Why couldn't the salad bowl play Scrabble	It had run out of lettuce
Why doesn't George R.R Martin use Twitter	Because he killed off all 140 characters.
Why can't the T-rex do any push ups	Small arms? No it's because dinosaurs are extinct you dumbass.
Why did the Romans pay their soldiers in salt	So they would end up with seasoned veterans.
Why are Toblerone's triangular shaped	So they fit in the box.
Why did the cowboy die with his boots on	Because he didn't want to stub his toe when he kicked the bucket !
Why was the tank top more gangster than the tube top	The tube top was strapless.
Why did the lettuce get arrested	...for disturbing the peas!
Why don't hypochondriacs... Why don't hypochondriacs use lighters	They're afraid of catching fire!
Why did the gay man vote for Trump	He was the biggest dick in the race.
Why did the console player cross the road	To render the other side.
Why did Kyle Crane have to change the lightbulb	because he had a dying light
Why did the chicken cross the road	to get to the other side
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors	Because if it had 4, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why do bald-headed men never use keys	Because they've lost their locks.
Why was everyone shivering at the inauguration	Because it's a cold day in hell....
Why did the physicist at the Hadron Collider get thrown in jail	Because he was a mass murderer
Why couldn't C.P.E. Bach find his contemporary	He was Haydn.
Why did God make women last	He didn't want someone telling him what to do
Why do they call Hannibal Lecter ""The Mail Man""	He always delivers.
Why are drug addicts bad at billiards	Because they only pay to shoot up the eight ball
Why did the tomato turn red	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why couldn't the whistle blower make it home for the holidays	he was snowden
Why was the lions stomach enormous	Because he finally swallowed his pride
Why do ducks look so sad	Because when they preen their feathers, they look down in the mouth.
Why can't America ever win a chess tournament	Because they're missing two towers
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because we shot the last one who had a dream.
Why does Santa have such a beautiful garden	He is always Hoe-hoe-hoeing.
Why did the vampire feel tired after dinner	All the blood had rushed to his stomach.
Why are millenials so odd	Because they can't even...
Why does Axl Rose love to carry around The Scarlet Letter	Because every Rose has its Hawthorne
Why are dogs in a lot of pain	Because they chew balls.
Why did the H blow itself up	Because the Jihad.
Why do you always invite at least two mormons to go out fishing with you	If you invite only one, you'll have to share your beer.
Why did the Catholic church decide to abandon science	Light stopped having mass
Why was the road upset when the chicken went over him twice	It didn't like being double crossed.
Why did Chris Benoit quit wrestling	He wanted to hang with his family.
Why do men like blowjobs	It's the only thing that they get something straight inside a woman's head.
Why is Mrs Trump always on top	Because Donald can only fuck up.
Why is Donald Trump always biting his fingers	Because they look just like Vienna sausages.
Why should you wash your hair with counterfeit feces	Because it's sham poo.
Why do babies cry so much	YOU'RE MOM.
Why do blondes have bruises around their belly buttons	Because blonde guys are stupid too.
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because we shot the only one who had a dream.
Why did the ghost cross the road	To get to the... *other side.*
Why don't blind people like to go skydiving	It scares their seeing-eye dog.
Why do girls prefer to drive auto cars, instead of manual	Because they want the D.
Why did the watermelon and the honeydew decide to cancel their spontaneous wedding in Las Vegas	They realized with a family like theirs, they really Cantaloupe.
Why did the scale not wear any of his shirts	Because they all had a tare ^^^I'llseemyselfout
Why did Satan need life alert	Because he had fallen, and could not get back up.
why do mice have such small balls	They can't dance very well.
Why Did The One Handed Man Cross The Road	So he could get to the second hand store!
Why did the chicken cross the road	because it was being chased by Mila Kunis.
Why don't orphans play baseball.	Because they don't know where home is.
Why do fire departments have dalmatians	To help the firemen find the hydrants
Why didn't the Indian like having two t.p.'s	They made him 2 tence.
Why does a mother carry her baby	The baby can't carry the mother.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken
Why is a gay man having sex similar to Tony Abbott	They're both fucking arseholes.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party	Because he had a boner
Why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his  PC	Because it was on old croc.
Why couldn't Princess Leia get any dates	She was looking for Alderaan men.
Why do the homies call their friend Paragraph	Because he's too short to be an essay
Why did the sex assault victim get triggered by the pear	Because pear in an anagram for rape.
Why did the bicycle fall over	Because it was *two tired*.
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sport's Authority	Because he likes Dicks.
Why were the trick-or-treaters wearing grass  skirts	Because it was Hulaween!
Why do scuba divers always fall backwards off of a boat	If they fell forwards they would still be in the boat
Why can't you suck air through your fist while bobbing your head back and forth	;}
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away	You would too if your name was WARRGELBLAFFENGAR!!!!!
Why did the vegetarian hate giving blow jobs	She was a lesbian.
Why was the man suspicous about the tree	I dunno, it seemed a bit shady.
Why wasn't the patient concerned when she was told she had a brain tumor	The doctor said it was all in her head
Why don't good golfers cheat	Cause they play the fairway.
Why are pistachios called pistachios	More like ""these-are-hard-to-openios
Why was the student witch so bad at essays	Because she couldn't spell properly.
Why don't women tip bartenders	They don't give a tip because they take the tip.
Why do you keep going back to that fishing  website	I can't help it I'm hooked.
Why was the young strawberry upset	Cause his mom was in a jam. :(
Why was the graveyard so noisy	Because of all the coffin.
Why would you get mad	Because you cant take a joke.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	It heard the referee was blowing fowls
Why did the mummy cry himself to sleep every night	Because he was empty inside.
Why did the chess master order a Russian bride	He needed a Chech mate!
Why did the blonde climb the chain-link fence	To see what was on the other side.
Why do jews like jail	Because of all the shackles.....im terribly sorry
Why won't Microsoft hire any maids	Because they don't do Windows
WHY DID HITLER COMMIT SUICIDE	Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he saw his gas bill.
Why did the guy give up connecting his controller to his Xbox	He was syncing too much time into it.
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would to if ur name was arrghhvjvjvkkrhvy
Why is Helium so trustworthy	Because HE's noble.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	He Neverlands.
Why did the Dairy Queen get pregnant	The Burger King forgot to cover his whopper
Why i'm leaving r/Jokes	.. I have to go to the store, but I'll be back in an hour...
Why does a dirvorce cost so much	Because it's worth it
Why did the movie scene have a rusty pan	Because Rusty thought the scene in the book was better. I'll show myself out. This is a horrible joke.
Why does Waldo always wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Why didn't the blind man want a seeing eye dog	He wasnt about to take directions from some bitch
Why do Asians have squinty eye balls	Because Atomic Bombs are pretty bright...
Why does no one care that space is a vacuum	Oh it doesn't really matter.
Why can't some people help being born Chinese	Because there's nothing wong with it.
Why do mice have long tails	Well they'd look silly with long hair !
Why is six afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender...
Why wouldn't the mouse tell the police where he hid the cheese	Because he's not a rat.
Q: Why did the blonde give up bowling for  screwing	A: The balls are lighter and you don't have to change shoes.
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball anymore	Because he got all crossed up...
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To get to the gays guys house. Part 2: knock knock Who's there? The chicken
Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda	To boost his link karma!
Why was the iPhone 7 so embarrassed	He was caught jacking off.
Why don't seagulls fly over bays	because then they'd be called bagels!
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist	Because she thought everybody loved her.
Why do men die before their wives	They *want* to
Why did the Chicken cross the road	because 7 8 9 hahahaha
Why Do Jews Make Good Philosophers	They think that everything Israel.
Whyisleatherarmorbestforsneaking	It'sliterallymadeofhide
Why is Yahtzee better than the Bahamas	Because it's more than a paradise.
Why did the boat know it had a leak	That sinking feeling...
Why can't Armenians drive	Because they're too busy swearing at obama! ba dum tss
Why don't English teachers like parole	They prefer complete sentences.
Why do Puerto ricans have so many kids	Because pulling out is work!!!
Why did the chicken cross the road	The road crossed him first, man. The road crossed him first. *This should be delivered in your best ""tough guy"" voice.*
Why did the Chili Pepper cross the road	To get to the Otherside!
Why did the Turkey cross the road	Because he was Trans-Chicken
Why won't A Flock of Seagulls perform in the Middle East	Iran so far away
Why wasn't Michael Jackson allowed to perform at the children's hospital	Because he is dead. ^((I came up with this joke when I was very tired.))
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers	Because they can't even
Why is USA so gloomy	Because only two parties exist for the whole country
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he drank herbal tea before it was cool.
Why are so many people caucusing for Hillary Clinton	.. They were inspired by Monica Lewinsky.
Why does Britain love tea so much	Because tea leaves.
Why are the Jews angry about the new $20 bill	Because it's only worth $12 now
Why can't horses vote	'Cause their answer is always 'nay'. I'm sorry, I'll leave...
Why does ed not have a girlfriend	Because sheeran
Why aren't any transvestites astronauts	Because in space, there's no drag.^please^dont^hurt^me.
Why don't shrimp donate to charities	Because they're shellfish.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet	They're stuck at C for years
Why were the dinosaurs so big	Because Jurassic times call for Jurassic measures
Why is heaven a paradise for the common man	Because all the politicians are in hell.
Why should you separate something into 62 parts if you want to make it tiny	Because sixty-seconds=minute.
Why is Easter like whipped cream and a cherry	Because it's always on a sundae!
Why did the two boa constrictors get married	Because they had a crush on each other !sna
Q: Why did the schoolteacher who was in love with head of the school take out a loan with the bank	A: Because she had an interest in the principal.
why thank you, sir! I was totally unaware of my big titties	How kind of you to risk your safety by yelling it out of the car window.
Why did the man who stole my crops take aspirin	Because he had my grains
Why'd the Titanic stop putting out on the first date	The iceberg had said 'just the tip'
Why does a chicken coop always have two doors	Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why was the midget fired from his job	He came up short on his register.
Why did Monica Lewinsky vote Republican	Because Democrat left a bad taste in her mouth!
Why are women such bad drivers	Because they are constantly lied to about what 8"" is.
Why are there so many French orphans in the fruit isle of the grocery store	Because they are all looking for their pere
Why did Constantinople fall	Itstumbled.
Why do atheists scream out 'oh my God' during sex	Because it's unbelievable.
Why is ""Dick"" short for Richard	Genetics.
Why is the tailor's daughter such a slut	She gives great hem jobs.
why didn't the antelope like to go on the rollercoaster	because he is anti loops
Why is sex with hipsters always unsatisfying	Because they always come before it's cool.
Why was the prostitute so good at her job	It was in her whoremoans.
Why did the rich guy crash his car	He wanted to see how the Mercedes bends
Why did the US Informant get stuck in Russia	He was snowed-in.
Why are woman so happy in wedding photos	They know they've given their last blowjob.
Why did the short vampire like to gamble	Because the stakes were high!
Why didn't Timmy get his parents Christmas presents	He's an orphan.
Why didn't Rick Grimes settle his group in an abandoned senior center	Too many walkers.
Why are gay men se well dressed	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.
Why did the condom cross the road	Because it was pissed off.
Why did the shell not go to the beach	Because he was self-CONCH-ious.
Why were the Native Americans upset when it rained in April	Because April showers, bring May flowers!
Why are Canadians given only a half  hour for lunch	They don't want to have to retrain them.
Why were the mountain climber's parents disappointed in him	He was always high! ^(I'm sorry)
Why did the baker's hands smell	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why are there so many old people in Church	They're cramming for the final.
Why did the golfer wear a extra pair of pants	In case he got a hole in one
Why did the knight run about shouting for a tin  opener	He had a bee in his suit of armour !
Why are crabs always tired	Because they sleep in snatches.
Why do men masturbate	It's sex with someone they love.
Why did the Marxist drop out of school	He didn't like the classes.
Why didn't the two tampons talk to each other	Because they were stuck up bitches.
Why do ducks have flat webbed feet	To stomp out forest fires.
Why couldn't you trust the king of the jungle	He was a lion.
Why do Native Americans hate it when it rains in April	Because it brings Mayflowers.
Why are artificial intelligences in movies always female	Because they're never wrong
Why do drummers carry transparent lunchboxes	So they know if they are going to the gig, or coming from it. Ta-boom!
Why was four afraid of five	Because five was a six offender
Why did Opey get fired from his job as a pizza delivery boy	Because Opey never delivered.
Why are the busiest paleontologists always rednecks	Because they are always caught up in some type of relative dating.
Why was there no food left at the Halloween party	Because everyone was a goblin
Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors	So they can see the battle.
Why does a bride wear white	So the dishwasher matches the rest of the appliances.
Why do most blind folks not skydive	The sound of the dog screaming at 8000 feet gets to you after a while.
Why is Bruce Lee so good at telling jokes	Because if his punch line doesn't work, you still get a kick out of it.
Why did the rapper die after being shot	He forgot 2pac his bullet proof vest
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He was drinking his coffee before it was cool.
Why did Hank Hill join an S&amp;M club	He heard they were Pro-Pain.
Why is marriage is like an alarm clock	After the ring, you wake up!
Why did my semen cross the road	The condom broke
Why do athletes prefer nuns to time their laps	Because when a nun times anything it's zero. (0*n=0) :D
Why did the woman sky-diver wear a jock strap	So she didn't whistle on the way down.
Why is paper money more valuable than coins	When you put it in your pocket you double it and when you take it out you find it in creases. -
Why did Elvis' mom get mad when people called him ""Elvis the pelvis""	Because he had a brother named Enos.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the concert	He had no body to go with.
Why did Princess Diana Cross the Road	She wasn't wearing a seat belt!
Why is it hard to buy potatoes on the black market	Because there are eyes everywhere!
Why does Russia not celebrate Thanksgiving	Because they hate Turkey
Why didn't the Terminator upgrade to Windows 10	I still love Vista, baby
Why did the cow go to the psychologist	She had a fodder complex.
Why did the mushroom go to the party	He was a fun-gui!
Why don't they have driving classes and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia	Because the camels get tired.
Why is peter pan always flying	He neverlands. I like this joke because it never grows old.
Why do Klingons feel very little pain	They produce a lot of endworfins.
Why does the chicken want to cross that road	Because he wanted to reach the other side
Why do gardeners make horrible cops	Because they keep planting evidence.
Why can't you find pirates in Kansas	They all live in Arkansas
Why does Leonardo DiCaprio love his fast car	Because he got an award for revvin' it.
Why did the boy become an astronaut	Because he was no earthly good !
Why couldn't Hitler fly a plane	Because he could Nazi very well.
Why do dogs lick themselves	Because they can!
Why did the mermaid wear sea shells	Cause she was too big for B- shells! (my 6 year old niece likes to tell this joke)
Why did I cross the road	Because your mom was on the other side..
WHY DID THE KOALA FALL OUT OF THE TREE	Because it was dead.
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Because there are too many cheetahs.
Why do Jewish people have big noses	Air is free
Why are politicians buried 6 feet under	Because deep down, they're good people.
Why can't the Tyrannosaurus Rex clap	Because they're dead
Why was the monster standing on his head at  the birthday party	He heard they were having upside-down cake!
Why are so many African Americans moving to Detroit	Because they hear there are no jobs there.
Why did Arnold show up at the rodent infested house	Because he is an ex-Terminator.
Why did the atheist cannibal stop eating Christians	Because they didn't agree with him.
Why should you always run next to a car	Because if you run behind it you get exhausted, and if you run in front of it you get tired!
Why couldn't R get to P	He had to wait in a Q!
Why did the melon leave her boyfriend	He said he can't elope.
Why don't Mexicans have BBQ s	Because beans always fall through the grill.
Why aren't there any Calculus teachers in Little Rock, Arkansas	Because everyone there hates integration.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	Tequila!
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	Tequila.
Why do Asians have such small tits	Because they can only get As.
Why did Lot leave his wife	She became salty.
Why are yogurt eaters sophisticated	Because they're WELL-CULTURED.
Why won't a witch wear a flat cap	Because  there's no point in it.
Why can't smokey the bear and his wife have kids	Because every time his wife gets hot, he throws dirt on her and beats her with a shovel
Why cant black people get PhD's	Because they can't get past their Masters.
Why was everyone saying such kind, loving words to the man	The man was a corpse being buried forever.
Why shouldn't you have a conversation under a tree in the fall	There may be leavesdropping
Why do the French not pronounce ""h"" at the beginning of words	*with a French accent* Because they hate it.
Why do women have legs	Have you seen the mess snails make? Credit to Oney in [this](http://youtu.be/lZWJKhLe6wo?t=7m46s) for that one.
Why does a middle eastern person not give a blowjob to an American	Because he hates Bush. ahahahah Get it George Bush ...... Ill see myself out.....
Why are Prank Videos AIDS	Because they are people gone sexual, happen in the hood and is sex gone wrong.
Why do the Dutch people love..... Why do the Dutch people love the Belgian-jokes so much	They are cheap.
Why did the lollipop cross the road	... Cause it was stuck to the chicken. I heard that on the radio today. I LOLed.
Why didn't Hitler drive a stick shift	Because he hated Stalin
Why is 6 afraid of 7	7 8 9
Why did the melon break up with her melon boyfriend	He told her he *can't elope*.
Why are gas giants always so happy	Because they're all jovial.
Why don't black people go on cruises	They're not falling for that one again.
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off
Why are mosquitos religious	They prey on you !
Why did Bill Cosby make his own Jell-O	Because his girlfriend was in a Roofie induced coma.
Why didn't the Romans try to kill Jesus after he rose from the dead	They were too afraid to double cross him.
Why did Sarah Palin endorse Donald Trump	Because it takes a cunt to recognize another.
Why is it the worst for Stevie Wonder when stopped by the police	He doesn't know why they're beating him to death
Why are astronomers so popular with the ladies	Chicks dig stars.
Why do people get suspicious when a baby doesn't like you	It's not psychic. It's a stupid baby with shitty taste in people.
Why does O.J. Simpson claim that he's not a murderer	He's an ex-murderer.
Why did the adobe acrobat document go to jail	...because it was a pdf file.
Why wouldn't the four month old African stop crying	He was going through a midlife crisis
Why was the African man wearing a wristwatch	He needed to hold up his pants.
Why does an elephant have four feet	Because it'd look bloody stupid with six inches.
Why wouldn't the teacher fart in public	Because she was a private tutor
Why did the boy become an astronaut	Because he was told he was no earthly good.
Why do black men wear baggy trousers	Because their knee grows.
Why do people never eat clocks	.... Why do people never eat clocks? Because it's really time consuming.
Why don't nervous vegans visit Germany	They fear the wurst!
Why do pirates love Playboy Magazine	You'd think it's for the booty, but they really read it for the arrrticles.
Why are the dinosaurs extinct	Q: Why are the dinosaurs extinct? A: because they're dead.
Why did Snoo not check out a library book	Because he had already Reddit.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie's life	Because he was too far out maaaan. (Hippy voice)
Why doesn't anyone in [insert nations capital] use the toilet in the morning	So they have something to do at night.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	(x-post from /r/adviceanimals) Because if they had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
[OC] Why can't an orchestra made of OB/GYN doctors ever get good enough to perform a concert	Because the C-section is always messy.
Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree	It died.
Why should you never have oral sex	It really sucks.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a six offender.
Why did the minus sign run for office	To make a difference.
Why was the bald king so sad	Because he had no heir.
Why do they put fences around cemeteries	People are dying to get in.
Why did the DJ get fired as a waiter	Because he'd drop everything
Why did the dog scratch itself against the tree	Ruff Bark
Why don't lobsters ever share anything	Because they're shellfish
why do chickens cluck	........ cause you can't say fuck with out a bottom lip.
Why did the farmer vivisect his daughter	He wanted to reverse cowgirl.
Why couldn't Arnold Schwarzenegger run for president	Because he doesn't do cardio.
Why do men get erections while they sleep	So they don't accidentally roll out of bed.
Why did Gandalf have to go to the hospital to get a splinter removed	He had a staff infection...
Why doesn't Karl Marx like Earl Grey Tea	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why did Mr Ohm marry Mrs Ohm	Because he couldn't resistor... Old but classic!
Why are blonde jokes so short	So that men can remember them.
Why could'nt one cat impregnate the other cat	? Its because they're both pussies!!
Why aren't there any mexicans in the Olympics	Cuz all that can run, jump or swim have got their ass over here.
Why doesn't Ellen have a cooking segment	She's always eating out
Why was skrillex banned from the music shop	for dropping the bass too much
Why is math a scumbag	Because it borrows the one and never gives it back.
Why did the sorority girl add NaOH to her Frappuccino	Because she's a basic bitch.
Why do Hasidic Jews dress so strangely	Because they are unorthodox.
Why should you never date a tennis player	Because love means nothing to them!!
Why are hipsters such great assassins	Because they hide the bodies in places no one has ever heard of.
Why are they called hemorrhoids	Because asteroids was already taken.
Why are storm troopers so clingy	Cause no matter where you're at they'll always miss you.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because the neckbeard put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why are homosexuals so well dressed	Because they didn't just spend all that time in the closet doing nothing...
Why girls live longer than boys	??? SHOPPING"" never causes HEART ATTACKS, but,""PAYING the ""BILLS"" does
Why do the Heisenberg operators for position and momentum work from home	Because they won't commute.
Why did god give women yeast infections	So they know what it is like to live with an irritating cunt. Zing!
Why do Mexicans make tamales for Christmas	To have something to unwrap.
Why the plus or minus on the pregnancy test, ept	How about a simple yes or no and we'll decide if that's positive or negative.
Why do hens sit on eggs	because they're too poor to afford chairs.
Why did the coffee file a police report	Because it was mugged.
Why are programmers bad at doing laundry	They throw all their dirty clothes on the heap.
Why do they call old people 'frogs' in Florida	'Cause they all go there to croak!
Why does Santa have a huge sack	Because he only comes once a year.
Why are you laughing	My dentist just pulled one of my teeth out. I don't see much to laugh about in that.  But it was the wrong one!
Why do Jewish people have big noses	Because air is free
Why isn't it safe to hunt niggers anymore	Because PETA will freak out.
Why didn't the girl go on a date with the artist	Because he was sketchy.
Why were people milking cow upside down	Because the system went tits-up
Why don't the other DC heroes like Nightwing	He's always being a dick to them.
Why didn't the Terminator upgrade to Windows 10	He said ""I still love Vista, baby!
Why aren't cremations given out for free	Because you have to urn them.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered 6 offender.
Why do fat women always have a cat	In case they run out of food.
Why did they arrest Jared Fogle at 3:15	That's when the big hand touches the little hand.
Why do black people only have nightmares	They shot the only one that had a dream.
Why does gigahertz	Because megabytez.
Why doesn't the sun go to college	It's extremely bright, it already has 28 million degrees.
Why did the cookie get fired from his job	He came to work baked.
Why do Italians throw pizza onto the field after they win a match	Because they rain supreme.
Why does the Devil hate the holiday Season	Because he gets so many letters from dyslexic children.
Why do elephants and stoners get along so well	....uh.. I don't remember..
Why do black people hate chainsaws	**RUN** NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA
Why can't Daredevil drive a car	Because he's from New York.
Why did the clock get banned from the library	It tocked too much
why does the mexican take xanax	For hispanic attacks
Why shouldn't you let a Pokemon take a shower with you	He might Pikachu.
Why did Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand	So she could moan with the other.
Why do Jews have big noses	cuz air is free
Why wasn't the fish allowed to play in the band	Because he couldn't tuna piano! ^^^^I'll ^^^^show ^^^^myself ^^^^out
Why did Josh Gordon marry Mary Jane	So he'd only get a 2 game suspension for abusing her.
Why do women wear make-up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink
Why couldn't the pregnant horse sing	Because she was getting a little hoarse
Q: Why are blondes like corn flakes	A: Because they're simple easy and they taste good.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	For fingering A minor.
Why did the ghost go to the funfair	He wanted to go on the rollerghoster.
Why did the Jew vote for Obama	Because he promised change.
Why can't you play Uno with Mexicans	They steal the green cards.
Why 21 didn't invite his brother for dinner	28
Why does it smell bad when you destroy fans	Because you're breaking wind.
[THIS IS NOT THE GENERIC CHICKEN JAYWALKING JOKE] Why did Adele cross the road	To say ""Hello From The Other Side"".
Why did the train engineer go on a rampage	He had a loco-motive.
Why do jihadists drink instant coffee	Because they hate the french press...
Why is 6 afraid of 7	racial prejudice
Why is Darth Vader's helmet so phallic	...because when they hid Luke &amp; Leia from him, they removed his force kin.
Why did the Buddhist refuse Novocain during his root canal work	He wanted to transcend dental medication.
Why would you chase a waterfall	They don't move to different spots you know. It's pretty much just right there.
Why does the rabbit hide Easter eggs	Because he is ashamed of fucking the chicken.
Why shouldn't you shower with a Pokemon	It might Pikachu.
Why do cannibals make suitcases out of people's heads	Because they're headcases.
Why was the clown kicked out of the maths lesson	Because he kept throwing his pi in other peoples faces!
Why don't astronauts get hungry after being  blasted into space	Because they've just had a big launch.
Why couldn't the clock be kept in jail	Because time was always running out.
Why didnt the mole make it to the stripclub	He was slow as molasses.
Why were the Indians here first	They had reservations.
Why do people prefer shooting stars to vegetables	Because they're meteor
Why do they call P.M.S , P.M.S	Because Mad Cow disease was already taken.
Why do cows wear bells	Because their horns don't work
Why are parents boring	Because they're groan-ups.
Why do men prefer blondes	Men always like intellectual company
Why does the hobo only drink coffee	Because he has no proper tea! Hehehhehahahahhhehveahhs
Why is Beyonce a Jew	Because she's a survivor.
Why did the hillbilly cross the road	His dick was in the chicken
Why can't pirates finish the alphabet	because they get lost at C!
Why do pencils shave	To look sharp. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Credit: 3rd grade me.
Why did Olly call the manager for help, outside the store	For the watch..
Why are orphans bad at poker	Because they don't know what a full house is
Why did all of the frog guidance counselor's students become construction workers	The only advice he could give them was ""rivet, rivet.
Why did the Bee get married	Because she found her honey!
Why wasn't drinking permitted on the Oregon trail	It was important not to fall off the wagon.
Why wasn't the cat moving	It was on paws
Why is Jesus bad at hockey	He always gets nailed to the boards.
Why are porn stars so good at studying for tests	Because they have photographic mammaries!
Why wasn't Kanye allowed to have a prostitute at his bachelor party	Because you're not supposed to see the bride before the wedding
Why couldn't the infant insect without toes drink milk	He was lack toes and toddler ant
Why is Canada the part of the Illuminati	Because they have 3 ehs in the name. C-eh-N-eh-D-eh
[NSFW] Why was the Pedophile depressed	Because he couldn't fit in
Why is everyone so obsessed with the idea of love	If you're dying to be hurt so badly, I've got a baseball bat for that.
Why did God create Adam before he created Eve	So no one would tell him how to make Adam.
Why did the farmer's bucket keep singing songs	Because it was haulin' oats.
Why doesn't Saran Wrap have any friends	Because it sticks to itself.
Why are fish always on drugs	They just keep getting hooked.
Why did the chemist break his teeth	He ate a Pb and j sandwich I'd tell you another but all the good jokes argon
Why did the golfer wear two pair of pants	In case he got a hole in one.
Why don't they use Macs/iPads in hospitals	Because using an Apple a day keeps the doctors away.
Why did the blonde take a ladder into the bar	She heard drinks were on the house.
Why should't old people eat healthy	They need all the preservatives they can get.
Why do so many lunatics have ear infections	Because they're ear-rash-ional.
Why is Paul Walker and Rihannas new song the same	They both went up in flames.
Why did the Irish man only eat two hundred and thirty nine beans	If he ate one more, it would be too farty!
Why do teenage girls always hang out in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why can't you starve in a desert	Because of all the sand which is there.
Why did two owls get arrested for the same crime	They were in ca*hoots*.
Why doesn't a blonde talk during sex	Because her mother told her never to talk to strangers.
Q: Why did the belt get locked up	A: He held up a pair of pants.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Cause I put on the wrong sock this morning
Why did the biscuit cry	Because its mother had been a wafer so long.
Why are locomotive drivers so good at driving locomotives	Because they were trained.
Why don't Jehovah Witnesses like Halloween	Because they don't like random people knocking on their doors
Why did the Mexican take xanax	Hispanic attacks.
Why did the gay necropheliac stop by the morgue on his way home	He wanted to suck down a few cold ones after work.
Why did ginny make harry get rid of his invisibility cloak	He kept coming out of no where
Why did the pigeon hate the crow	because he was in the coo klux klan
Why was Cinderella kicked out of the football team	She ran away from the ball.
Why did the boy close his eyes before opening the refrigerator	He didn't want to see the salad dressing.
Why do dyslexics make bad joke tellers	They always punch up the fuckline
Why doesnt Justin Bieber shop at Modells	He loves Dicks
Why did Russia sign the non-aggression pact with NazI Germany	They were Stalin for time.
Why didn't the girl cry after learning of her boyfriend's leprosy diagnosis	She didn't have a shoulder to cry on!
Why do Mexicans have no Targets	Because Trump is hiring them all to build a Wall mart.
Why are mountains so funny	Because they're hill areas
Why do bald men have holes in their pockets	So they can run their fingers through their hair.
Why did the Anti vaccinator leave the solar system	Because he found mercury in it.
Why are relationships complex	Because you're real, but your girlfriend is imaginary
Why was the battery arrested	cuz it was charged with electricity .
Why doesn't Oedipus curse	Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Why is Tylenol white	Because it works
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because he's married
Why couldn't the children see their father after his sex change	Because he was trans-parent
Why was the New Englander so intent on looking for his khakis	Cuz he needed to pahk da cah in da yahd.
Why was Steve Jobbs funeral an open casket	So the attendees could get some face-time.
Why are Jewish movies different from other movies	Because they are uncut.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a six offender
Why do doctors slap babies bums when then are born	Because the balls fall off of the stupid ones.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Doctor: I'll be with you in a minute.
Why didn't the scarecrow want dessert	Because he was stuffed!
Why do women wear perfume and makeup	Because they stink and they're ugly.
Why was the Women not Afraid of the Shark	It was a man eating shark (sorry it's so bad)
Why do they call wood carving ""whittling""	Because you start with a bigger piece of wood, and you make it whittler.
Why is 6 afraid of 9 on New Years Eve	Because 9, 8, 7....
Why do women have legs	So they don't leave a snail trail
Why are redneck murder cases the hardest to solve	Because all the DNA matches and there are no dental records.
Why did the chicken cross the road	A black guy was following her.
Why did Jesus cross the road	To get away from Donald Trump
Why was Gollum executed at a bar in Iraq	Because he asked for Ice-es
Why was Dr. Dre kicked out of the farmer's market	He kept dropping the beets.
Why did the geologist get divorced	He took his wife for granite.
why did russia execute its jeopardy winner	he knew too much
Why didn't the Romans find algebra very challenging	Because X was always 10
Why shouldn't you hang out with zombies	They make rotten friends
Q: Why does Chelsea look so stupid and ugly	A: Heredity.
Why did Baby Moses believe he was Egyptian	Because he was in da Nile.
Why can't Micheal Bay be a farmer	Because he dosen't have a plot.
Why is there no Windows 6 or Windows 9	Windows 6 got scared because Windows 7 8 9
Why do you have to take more than one Baptist with you when you go fishing	Because if you just take one, he'll drink all your beer.
Why aren't there any French Restaurants in Davy Jones' Locker	Dead men sell no snails!
Why couldn't I call back a Bernie Sanders volunteer	Because they were using a Berner Phone.
Why were people angry wen the chiken crossed the rd	Cus he looked one way, then another way after.
Why did Goku cross the road	Find out next time on Dragonball Z!
Why was the rooster angry	He just found his chicken strips. (Courtesy of my creative bartender pal)
Why did the chicken cross the road	...To get to the other side.
Why are frogs always so happy	Because they eat whatever bugs them.
Why is air a lot like sex	Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Why doesn't Hitler play table tennis	Because he's dead.
Why the long face	A horse walks into the bar and the bartender comes over and says, 'Why the long face?'"" - Not my original for sure, but always makes me smirk.
Why was Hitler late to his meeting	He did nazi how late it was!
Why would anyone trust Chewbacca to fly the millennium falcon	He's such a wookie pilot. I had three Star Wars jokes prior to this. But none were any good.
Why don't most people have classes on Saturday or Sunday	School is for the week.
Why did the baker have smelly hands	He kneaded a poo.
Why did God give the seagulls wings	To beat the French to the garbage
why did the chicken head cross the road	to ghetto the other side...
Why is a UTI such a bad thing	Because it means urine trouble
Why don't you transport onions by boat	You don' want your boat to be full of leeks.
Why wasn't the pediatrician impressed with the new year's eve Times Square ball drop	Because he has seen plenty of balls drop. (Sorry)
Why do women have boobs	So ya got something to look at when yah talkin' to em'! So ya got something to look at when yah talkin' to em'! So ya got... Thanks Family Guy.
Q: Why do they say 'Amen' at the end of a prayer instead of 'Awomen'	A: The same reason they sing Hymns instead of Hers!
Why is George R.R. Martin really bad at using Twitter	There's a limit to how many characters you are allowed to waste.
Why can't a hand be 12 inches long	BECAUSE THEN IT WOULD BE A FOOT!
Why did the French milkman have to hurry	He was running lait
Q: WHY CAN`T BLONDES WATER-SKI	A: When they get their crotch wet they think they have to lay down.
Why did the feminist cross the road	To suck my fucking cock.
Q: Why do divorced men get married again	A: Bad memory.
Why can't Spongebob make the honor roll	Because he's a C sponge!
Why did the otter want to work at NASA	So he could go to Otter Space.
Why did the mathematician ignore the tan lady on the beach	He was too concerned with the tan gent.
Why did the stoner take his wife to court	He wanted to get joint custody.
Why are lesbians such poor cooks	Because they love to eat out.
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party	He was a fungi. Why did he end up leaving the party? There wasn't mushroom.
Why were Kay's pets scared of Kay	because... K8 K9
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize	Because he was out standing in his field
Q: Why did the blonde fail her drivers licence	A: She wasn't used to the front seat!
why couldn't mrs. claus get pregnant	santa only comes once a year and when he does it's down a chimney...
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book	They all have phones.
Why won't anti vaxers ever win an election	All their supporters are home with sick kids
Why don't golf courses ever serve sandwiches	They always turn out to be sub par.
Why doesn't Bono like Google	He still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Why Did Hitler Quit Drinking	It made him angry.
Why was the maths book sad	It had too many problems.
Why did the farmer feed his pigs sugar and vinegar	He wanted sweet and sour pork !
Why did the bolt in the ceiling have to go to therapy	Because it was screwed up!
why was six afraid of seven	because seven beats his wife thoroughly and brutally in front of six
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat	Because if they fell forward they'd still be on the boat. :D
Why are emo people so good at ping-pong	Because they are well practiced in cutting.
Why do pirates take so long to learn the alphabet	Because they often spend years at C EDIT: made it more punny
Why are pirates funny	Because they Arrrr (Yes I know its cheesier than my feet)
Why are goldfish crackers always smiling	Because they're baked..
Why do dyslexics make bad joke tellers	They tend to punch up the fuckline
Why did Microsoft go from windows 8 to 10	Because 7 8 9
Why do men snore when they sleep on their back	Because their balls cover their assholes and they vapor lock.
Why do women always sleep on the left side of the bed	BECAUSE THEY HAVE NO RIGHTS!!!!!
Why didnt the shrimp let anyone else eat	He was being SHELLFISH
Why are the silent majority actually Hillary supporters	Because they're dead.
Why did the IT Admin marry Sally	She had a 19"" rack.
Why does Gru speak with an accent	Because he's Arminion.
Why was the hen banned from sending e-mails	She was always using fowl language.
Why does DMX hate sweatshirts	he dunno where the hood at
Why is the man with the world record largest penis so depressed	He just didn't fit in.
Why are round bales of hay illegal	Because cows can't get a square meal.
Why don't people like to play uno with Mexicans	Because they always steal the green cards....
Why do ducks try to avoid eating out	They're always stuck with a bill.
Why did the sea-monster eat 5 ships filled with potatoes	Because no one can eat just one potato ship.
Why I love duct tape	It can turn ""No, no no!"" into ""mmph, mmmph, mmmph
Q: Why is the banana the most popular fruit	A: Because of its appeal.
Why isn't Spiderman in the Avengers	Because a black widow has no husband.
Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any kids	He only comes once a year
Why do ducks have big flat feet	To stamp out forest fires.
Why couldn't the chord get into the bar	She was A minor.
Why do teenagers want to work for Intel	Core i3, i5, i7... ican't even! Edited from: &gt;They can't even
Why cant you trust stairs	they are always up to something...
Why did Sally fall off the swing	Because she has no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally, she has no arms.
Why did the rooster buy mittens	So his chicken fingers wouldn't get cold. I'll leave now
Why are the landmarks in Paris quarantined	Because they are parasites
Why can't women ski	there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom.
Why does Drake hate summer	Because you start wearing less and going out more
Why do the birthers...	Why do the Birthers care about where Barack Obama was born (Hawaii, not Kenya) and not where Ted Cruz was born (Canada, not Texas)? Because Barack Obama is black.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he drank coffee before it was cool
Why don't chickens wear pants	Because their pecker is on their face.. Thank you, good night!
Why don't lawyers enjoy playing golf	Because it's too much like work what with all of the lying  involved.
Why did the donut go to the dentist	To get a filling!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To watch the mason lay a brick.
Q: Why do Jewish men like to watch porno movies backward	A: They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
Why did Dracula's mother give him cough syrup	Because Dracula was coffin. Source: A Laffy Taffy wrapper.
Why do riot police get to work early	... .... To beat the crowd.
Why can't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is...
Why is divorce so expensive	Because it is worth it.
Why does Voldemort always sit in the nosebleed section at events	So he'll finally have the chance to get a bloody nose.
Why can't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken comes in a separate box.
Why does Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand	She uses the other hand to moan.
why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	because he was far out.
Why did Yellow divorce Red	Because Red Blue Green
Why did Princess Leia take so long to find her hair brush	She kept looking for it in Alderaan places.
Why did the unfaithful Arabic woman cross the road	To get to the other Sayid.
Why do Newfies want Quebec to separate	So it's a shorter drive to Toronto!
Why can't you have a party on the moon	There's just no atmosphere
Why did the duck leave the dancefloor	He didn't want to get down on it.
Why are cars slower than planes	Because they're tired. PS. First post here..
Why was the pigeon theater troupe arrested	They were staging a coo.
Why are Twitter jokes not as funny when you read them aloud to a friend	It's not like they had to be there...
Why don't oysters give to charity	They are shellfish.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side
Why did the negative number look so surprised	He was nonplussed.
Why was the geologist hungry	He had a large Apatite.
Why couldn't the snowman spend his money	Cause his assets were frozen.
Why do golfers bring an spare change of pants	Just in case they get a hole in one. Credit to /u/Diablo182
Why are elements attracted to the Noble Gasses	Because they're *Noble!*
Why aren't there any Mexican astronauts	Because whenever they hear the world ""launch"", they go get something to eat.
Why did the band 999 megabytes break up	Because they couldn't get a gig.
Why are people still using a dictionary	I just type the words into Google and see if it corrects me.
Why do gay clubs float so well	They're flambuoyant.
Why did the walrus go to the tuppeware party	To find a tight seal.. Badum tsst
Why do Jamaican chickens make fun of all the other chickens	Because they're jerks.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 8 and 9 died in a double homicide and 7 is the **prime** suspect.
Why does the NSA only do anal	Because they backdoor their way into everything.
Why is my dog better than my girlfriend	I can throw her food on the floor, call her a bitch and she'll still play with my balls.
Why is North Korea so cruel	Because it doesn't have a Seoul!
Why can't you trust an atom	Because they make up everything.
Why did the sick bird come in jail	Because it was an ill-eagle.
Why couldn't the skeleton cross the street	Because he didn't have the guts!
Q: Why do bagpipers walk when they play	A: They're trying to get away from the noise.
Why won't cannibals eat Frank Sinatra	Because he's always coming back!
Why is reddit bad grammar	Because you can't read a dit.
Why was the solider nervous about being deployed	He had arachnophobia.
Why is camping so much fun	It's intense!
Why can't ghosts make babies	They have hollow weenies! .... And I'll just see myself out.
Why did Americans go to the moon	They heard Indians had land there.
Why Did The Tiger Cross The Road	Because there wasn't a Zebra crossing Sorry, my 5 year old son made me post this
Why did the skeleton go to the movies alone	He didn't have any body to go with him.
Why are fat people always possessed by the devil	They never exorcise.
Why wasn't meek mills phone working	Because it wasn't ""charged up
Why was Noah a great businessman	He floated his stock while everyone else was in liquidation.
Why does Tiger Woods bring two pair of pants during a golf game	Its in case he gets a hole-in-one.
Why do marble statues look so mean	They have hearts of stone.
Why did the chicken cross the road	'Why?' To get to the idiots house! (Immediately follow up with this) Knock knock 'Who's there?' A chicken!
Why are germans so bad at marathons	Because they cant finish a race.
Why should you never trust soap	It's an emulsive lyer.
Q: Why do they always fly around a live turkey in a cage on Air Force 1	A: For spare parts.
Why did the baker rob the bank	He needed the dough.
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip	to get to the same side.
Why did the fat monster put a candle on his tummy	He was celebrating his girthday!
Why do girls go to the bathroom in groups	Hermione went alone and was attacked by a troll
Why is there such a big contrast between Greek yogurt and regular yogurt	Because they're different cultures.
Why wont Goldilocks drink a glass of water with 8 pieces of ice in it	Because it's too cubed!
Why did the chicken cross the road	He wanted to go to the other side.
Why do you have 0 viewers on Twitch	Because not even Nightbot is watching you.
Why did microsoft go straight to windows 10	They were trying to keep their german market.
Why is a bride always out of luck on her wedding day	Because she never marries the best man.
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the ""P"" is silent
Why was 10 afraid of 7	Because 7 (eight) 9
Why doesn't Mexico live up to it's full potential in the Olympics	Because all the Mexicans that can run, jump, and swim are in America.
Why is a bad government like a bikini	Because people marvel at what's holding it up. And they wish it would fall.
Q: Why did the lady and her attorney seek a scarlet frock as part of a settlement	A: Because she wanted a red dress for her grievances.
Why do cows have bells around their necks	Because their horns don't work.
Why did the fisherman catch the Mackerel and then let it go	Cause he's all about that Bass, bout that Bass.... No Mackerel.
Why did Sally fall of the swing set	Because she had no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Why is the cinematography of pornos so impressive	Because it's all done one handed.
Why did Sally Fall off the swing	[kind of rude] Because she has no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Why are there not more black golfers	Because the bus route doesn't go to the country club.
Why didn't the stick of butter confess his feelings	Because somethings are butter left unsaid.
Why is Oklahoma so windy	Because Texas sucks and Kansas blows
Why did the kleptomaniac dislike the insultingly boisterous man with a cleft palate	He couldn't take any more lip!
Why did the skeleton go alone to prom	Because he had *nobody* to go with.
Why are there fences around a graveyard	Because people are dying to get in!
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog	He wanted to get a long little doggy
Why can't Albert Einstein drive	Because he never learned.
Why do you need to be 35 to be elected president	So women don't get elected.
Why did the bandit from Burma vote for Trump and Hillary to be the primary candidates	Because, Master Wayne, some men just want to watch the world burn.
Why are there only 49 'Black Miss America' contestants	Because none of them want to be Miss I-da-ho
Why hiring foreign workers can be bad... Boss: Where were you born	Woman: Germany Boss: Really? Which part? Woman: what you mean which part? Whole body born in Germany!
Why do black people have nightmares	Because the last one that had a dream got shot.
Why did the French chef commit suicide	He lost the huile d'olive
Why can't Athiests solve exponential problems	Because they don't believe in higher powers.
Why did Henry VIII fail his classes	Because he lost all his Tudors.
Why did Jesus hang on the cross for three days	He forgot the safe word.
Why did the pervert cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chicken
[OC] Why did Caitlyn Jenner lose custody rights of her kids	Her kids couldn't see her anymore, she was a trans-parent.
Why do elephants do well in school	Because they have a lot of grey matter !
Why did the hotel refuse hospitality to the Navy	They didn't want their rooms covered with seamen.
Why are most cemeteries fenced in	Because everyone is dying to get in
Why can't Bane play baseball	He always breaks the bat.
Why did the cop pull over the U-Haul truck	He was trying to bust a move
Q: Why was the young bear so spoiled	A: Because his mother ""panda'd"" to his every whim!
Why did the student fail his physics test	He didn't understand the gravity of the situation.
Why was the little bear so spoiled	Because its mother panda'd to its every whim !
Why can't you run through a campsite	Because you ran when it's past tents.
Why can't dinosaurs clap	Because they're dead.
Why one's dick can be only 11 inches long	Because if it's longer, it's called a foot.
Why do men like love at first sight	It saves them a lot of time.
Why was the piano teacher arrested	He kept fingering A minor.
Q: Why did it take three burly Boy Scouts to help the old lady across the street	A: Because she didn't want to go.
Why is sex during a camping trip so exciting	It's in tents.
Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up	They were just never on the same page...
Why did the stoner admire himself in the mirror everyday	Because he has a high opinion of himself
Why do most men hate Russian dolls	Because they're so full of themselves.
Why hasn't Mexico won any medals in the Olympics	Because all the Mexicans who can swim well, jump high and run fast are in the United States.
Why did Helen Keller stop cleaning her dishes	She was running out of things to read.
Why is your nose in the middle of your face	Because it is the scenter (centre).
Why are New Yorkers so depressed	Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.
Why was the tomato blushing	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why doesn't Coffee get along with milk in Germany	Cause it doesn't want to be latte. Sorry. I just came up with this lame joke. Downvotes ahoy!
Why was the Trebuchet so rude	It was an offensive siege weapon!
Why does Stephen Hawking have a boring sex life	You can't 69 in binary.
Why does Ariel the Mermaid wear seashells	She grew out of her B - shells!
Why can't you see a transgender who's a dad	Because he's a transparent. Apologies if I could've worded it different.
Why did the Tomato blush	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why do ghosts say booOoOoo	Because they are disappointed in you...
Why did a chinese man ride a bike to the brothel	To get laid.
Q: Why is it dangerous to let your man's mind  wander	A: It's too little to be out alone.
Why couldn't the Dairy Queen have any kids	Because she married Mr. Softy!
Why did Bernie Sanders cross the road	He didn't, he was distributed evenly on both sides. Bernie supporters, please don't downvote me to hell, it's just a joke
Why couldn't the Chinese herpetologist see out his car window	Because it was too froggy outside.
Why does beer go faster through you than milk	Unlike milk it doesn't have to change color. Why does Budweiser go faster through you than beer? Unlike beer it doesn't have to change taste.
Why didn't the lesbian go to the bread festival	She already gets two times the normal amount of yeast.
Why do Jewish guys get circumcised	Because Jewish women love anything 10 percent off.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	The P is silent.
Why don't we hear cannibal jokes anymore	Because after they ate the clowns, nothing is funny.
Why are Suicide Bombers always angry	Because of their Short Fuses.
Why is Bieber never late	because he's always justin time
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is black
Why are there no asian knights	Armor is pretty much useless once there's a chink in it.
Why was the storm trooper such a good dad	He could never hit his kids.
Why are clouds like jockeys	Because they hold the reins!
Why was the 1 year old Ethiopian boy crying	He was having a midlife crisis.
Why are chickens never virgins	A: Because when they're born they get laid.
Why is a sorority the safest place to be during a zombie apocalypse	Because they're looking for braaaaaaaaaains
Why don't blind people go for bungee jumping	it scares the shit out of the dogs.
Why is it easier for married black men to cheat	Because their ring doesn't leave a tan line when they take it off!
Why did the fishermen buy a new pole	Just for the halibut.
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet	He was looking for Pooh
Why was the plumber sad	He had a shitty job.
Why didn't the construction worker like to get wet	Because he didn't drywall.
Why is it a bad idea to get in a relationship with a statue	Because it's not going anywhere.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	Cause she's a woman.
Why is it forbidden for ants to go in a church	They are in-sects
Why can't mimes finish marathons	Because they can't get past ""the wall"".
Why is Islam called the Religion of Peace	It will leave you in pieces.
Why did Kennedy throw his head back	He was taking a shot.
Why is it easy for chicks to talk	Because talk is cheep !
Why doesn't Jesus play volleyball	All those spikes hurt his hands
Why do people paint eggs for Easter	Bunnies squirm too much.
Why is golf better than sex	It lasts for hours and there's 18 different holes.
Why didn't Jesus' business break even	It wasn't making enough prophet
Why couldnt the feminist screw in a lightbulb	Because there was a glass ceiling.
Why is diarrhea hereditary	Because it runs in your genes!
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey	He kept getting nailed into the boards
Why do the French only eat one egg for breakfast	In France, one egg is un oeuf
Why can't youplay UNO with Mexicans	Because they'll take all of your green cards.
Why does the NBA finish in June	She likes it.
Why do people starve	When food tastes so good.
Why isn't there a neutron mod in the Skyrim Steam Workshop	Because there'd be no charge.
Why did the superconductor eat all the pudding	It couldn't resist.
Why do Feminists lay down during sex	They can't *stand* seeing a man have a good time.
Why don't they teach sex ed and drivers ed at the same time in Mexico	Because it's too hard on the donkey.
Why do they never serve a beer at math party	Because you can't drink and derive
Why did Abe Lincoln and Stephen Douglas get thrown out of the church	Because they were caught mass debating in the bathroom.
Why did Hitler kill himself	He saw the gas bill.
Why can't bikes stand up without leaning on something	They're two-tired.
Why do you never see Mexicans with acne	They keep slipping off.
Why Does Dr. Pepper Come in a Can	...Because his wife died.
Why is Ian Thorpe gay	He didn't like breast stroke.
Why should honeymoons only last six days	Because seven days makes a hole weak.
why does beyonce sing to the left, to the left	because black people have no rights XD
Why do ducks have webbed feet	To put out fires. Why do elephants have large, flat feet? To stamp out burning ducks.
why dont atheists solve exponential equations	they dont believe in higher powers.
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat	Not because he was in to bestiality, you Islamophobe. He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday
Why can't Tarzan be played by a black actor	It wouldn't be an adventure movie then, it'd be a documentary.
Why is it called ""the circle of life""	Because it's pointless.
Why does anal porn never have a good plot	Too many loose ends.
Why do women get yeast infections	So they can know how it feels to live with an irritating cunt!
Why was the mushroom happy	Because he was a fungi.
Why can't Vin Diesel differentiate Thanksgiving Turkey from his best friend	Because they're both roasted
Why won't the machines just take over already	I'm tired of doing stuff.
Why does the North Korean military always lose their battles	[xpost /r/meanjokes] Every single shot at them is at a chink in their armor.
Why are all black people fast	Because the slow ones are in jail.
Why does Piglet smell so bad	Because he always plays with Pooh.
Why did Dave Mirra cross the road	To go to the Gun Store!!
Why did the employee get fired from the calendar manufacturing company	He took a day off
Why aren't there any mexicans in star trek	They don't work in the future either.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist urinating	Because P is silent
Why are the top elites around the world scrambling to buy school supplies	Because scissors beats Panama papers .
Why don't black people dream	The last one who had a dream got shot.
Why did the star go to the bathroom	Because it had to Twinkle.
Why isn't there a Windows 9	Hey Microsoft, why is there no Windows 9? You've given us 7 and 8, and now you're skipping straight to 10?"" ""Well, to be completely honest, 7 8 9.
Why did God give men penises	So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
Why do you not run over a Mexican on a bicycle	It could be your bicycle!
Why can't any of the seven dwarfs share the same name	Because that could create a pair o' Docs.
Why do men masturbate	it is sex with someone they love
Why can the Devil never go back to Georgia	He fiddled up a little kid.
Why did the lizards get a divorce	A reptile dysfunction
Why can't Sluts Count to 70	Because 69's a mouthful!
Why doesn't Russia import water buffalo	Because they already have Moscow.
Why is it difficult to make fun of the Large Hadron Collider	Because it's hard to discern.
Why didn't the cow go on to greener pastures	She couldn't find any mooovers.
Why don't they show porn on an IMAX screen	Because they can't fit your mum on the screen
Why do Vegans like to make their food look and taste like meat	Same reason lesbians use strap-ons. They still like putting meat in their hole, but they don't like where real meat comes from.
Why was the archeologist sad	His career was in ruins.
Why did the man who robbed the liquor store with a boomerang get caught	Because he couldn't throw away the evidence
Why did the can crusher quit his job	It was soda pressing.
Why wouldn't Jeffery Dahmer go down on Terri Schiavo	Because cannibals don't eat vegetables.
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would to if your name was auhmonahahha
Why don't you buy your wife a watch	There's already a clock on the stove
Why is a room full of married people empty	There isn't a single person in it.
Why were the welder and stoner such good friends	They both love to spark up joints.
Why can't you tell jokes in base 8	Because 7, 10, 11!
Why does Trump like pressing apples in the fall	Because he likes to stick his hand in cider!
Why is Santa so jolly	Because he gets 3 ho's... Yeah it's bad... But santa isn't real anyways...
Why are hot dogs the best dogs	Because they feed the hand that bites them.
Why do Jewish men like to watch porno movies backward	They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
Why did FIFA have surgery	They had to remove their Blatter.
Why did the Chinese kangaroo turn red	Because it was making a Great Leap Forward.
Why did the Geometry major marry a Brit	Because she was a cute angle.
Why did the Irish woman only put 239 beans into her bean soup	Because 1 more would have been 240...
Why did the condom fly around the room	It was pissed off.
Why did the spy stay in bed	To stay under cover
Why aren't there any black magicians	Because magic is stupid.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because 7 - 8 - 9.
Why were ancient Egyptian children confused	Because their daddies were mummies.
Why did the elephant paint its nails red	So it could hide in the strawberry patch.... Have you ever seen an elephant in a strawberry patch? No? See, it worked!
Why can you never trust someone that needs to go to the toilet	Because they're full of shit
Why was the socialist kicked from his party	Because he was anti social.
Why did the goal post get angry	Because the bar was rattled !
Why was Yoda afraid of 7	Because 6, 7 8.
Why do married women have sex with the lights out	They can't stand to see a man have a good time.
Q: Why are there more jokes about Waco than Jonestown	A: The punch lines were too long in Jonestown.
Why was Luis Suarez expelled from the rap contest	Because he was biting.
Why do refugees in Germany smell like shit	Because they're too scared to go in the showers.
Why did the salmon cross the road	Cuz it's fucking flooded.
Why did the tree look pissed off all the time	It had Resting Birch Face.
Why did the cat put the letter ""M"" into the fridge	Because it turns ""ice"" into ""mice"" !
Why was the Dark Age dark	Because there were too many knights....
Why do Scots wear kilts	Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why did they build a shrine to karl marx in Japan	Because he was a kami!
Why are Egyptian saxophonists all such good friends	They've got a ""toot in common.
Why do Americans hate knock knock jokes	Because Freedom Rings.
Why do astronauts bring their phone into space	Because they can get 4g
Why can't blondes finish software updates	They can never find the ""any"" key.
Why is your face all scratched	My girlfriend said it with flowers. How romantic. Not really she hit me round the head with a bunch of thorny roses !
Why is Latvian cross road	Latvian see potato, but when cross is only secret police.
Why do Italian men grow moustache's	So they can look like their mother.
Why did Luke want to become a jedi so badly	He wanted to get Yoda off his back.
Why do ISIS fighters avoid Montreal restaurants	because they serve Poutine.
Why would it suck to be an egg	Because you only get laid once, only get smashed once, and the only chick that sits on your face is your mother
Why did the melons have a big wedding	Well, they cantaloupe
Why did Snow White stop using the mail-in photo lab	She was tired of singing ""Some day, my prints will come...
Why was the dyslexic atheist a cat person	He doesn't believe in dog.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	She gets a frog in her throat at 69! Wakka wakka wakka!
Why couldn't the apple speak to the orange	because he didn't know Mandarin
Why doesn't Barbie have a family	Because Ken comes in another box.
Why are most guys like floor tile	Because if you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them from the rest of your life!
Why won't the holocaust survivor vote for Bernie Sanders	He doesn't want to feel the Bern.
Why do we always see a Dung Beetle with a ball of shit	Because that's how he rolls. ^^/groan
Why don't sea-gulls fly over bays	Because then they would be bay-gulls.
[Bad] Why was the gourmet upset when he saw the menu	The prices were gastronomical... (I'll show myself out...)
Why can't truck drivers ever fully retire	Because they can only semi retire.
Why did the blind man use chopsticks	Because he couldn't see the point in forks.
Why don't Jedi make good comedians	Because their jokes always sound forced.
Why did the cat go to the doctors	Because it wasn't feline well
Why did the milk cow want the role of the camel in the nativity play so badly	She thought she was a dromedary.
Why are there so many old people in Church	They're cramming for the final
Why are piggy banks actually pigs	To keep Jews away from your money.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	He was dead.
Why did Cyclops close his school	He only had one pupil.
Why are black girls tame in bed	Because they have no daddy issues.
Why did the baker only date large breasted women	Because he kneaded them.
Why did Hitler kill himself	Because he saw his gas bill
Why do men whistle when they're sitting on the toilet	Because it helps them remember which end they need to wipe.
Why does Saturn have rings	God really liked it so he put rings on it.
Why are there no good jokes about engineers	zzzzzzzzz, wait, I fell asleep at the punchline.
Why can't the train lady have a baby	Because she's miss carriaged.^(is it morbid?)
Why did the pervert cross the road	Because he was stuck to the chicken...
Why do Jewish Men get Circumcised ...	Because Jewish woman cant resist 20% OFF.
why does the NSA hate blizzards	Because they get Snowden.
Why did the viper want to become a python	He got the coiling.
Why did Rudolfo salute the box of Cornflakes in the supermarket	Because the label said General Foods.
Why are there fences around a graveyard	People are dying to get in.
Why didn't the two worms get on Noah's Ark in an apple	Because everyone had to go on in pairs !
Why was Michael Jackson always late for meetings	Because he was always coming in a little behind.
Why were the teachers eyes so crossed	She couldn't control her pupils.
Why do they say I'm black in the bedroom	I'm fast.
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he cums once a year.
Why is the ocean salty	Because the land doesn't wave back.
Why do girls wear perfume and makeup	Because they're ugly and they smell bad
Why doesn't Gabe Newell have kids	He can't get to 3rd base
Why are Communists bad Java programmers	They don't like classes.
Why was the whistleblower late for his annual winter whistleblower's convention	Because he was Snowden!
Why do your in-laws become dangerous after a divorce	They become outlaws
Why did the cowboy adopt a weiner dog	He wanted to git a long little doggy.
Why are fat couples always so close	Gravity
Why did the shit-kicker cross the road	To use his rich neighbor's outhouse.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a shit.
Why did the bumble bee have sticky fur	Because he used a honey comb.
Why can't you trust a garbage man who loves his job	Because he's always talking trash.
Why do bakers work so hard	Because they knead the dough.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo Drizzle..
Why yes, I am watching a documentary about Marie Antoinette and enjoying it. Could it be because I'm straight fucking gangster	Perhaps.
Why did the chicken cross the road	TO MAKE A VERY BIG POO POO!!!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels!
Why did the ebo(l)la patient yell	Someone spilled wine (bolla) on his ELECTRONIC. (E)phones.
Why does a honeymoon only last 7 days	Because 7 days makes a hole weak
Why are men sexier than women	Because you can't spell sexy without xy.
Why is Captain Hook good at getting away with murder	He leaves no fingerprints
Why didn't the triangle go outside to get a tan	Cos the sine said so!
Why is leather armour the best for sneaking	Because it's literally made of hide. *Ba Dum Tsss
Why were the police ever issued with pepper sprays	Surely this will lead to the creation of more seasoned criminals.
Why did the feminist get fired from Panera	Because she ate all the cookies and didn't know how to make a sandwich.
Why was the chemist not able to get very far in his study of acids	He was only willing to consider the most basic of solutions.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days	Don't know they're just a bit shady.
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	She's dead.
Why doesn't Ed got a girlfriend	Because Sheeran away.
Why did the squirrel swim on it's back	To keep it's nuts dry.
Why do cannibals love eating people with epilepsy	Because their favorite side dish is Seizure Salad.
Why did the nun always wear a slip	Sheer habit.
Why does wonder woman fly	Because she can't drive for sh*t.
Why aren't there any jokes about the Jonestown massacre	The punch line takes too long.
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand metaphors	Because they take everything, literally.
Why are shopaholics in the UK generally very skinny	Because they are always losing pounds.
Why do we sleep	Because we get sleepy.
Why was the policeman in bed	Because he was an undercover cop
Why do married men love golf so much	Because it's not the same three holes over and over again.
Why can't anybody satisfy a woman completely	Question: ""why can't anybody satisfy a woman completely?"" answer: ""because nobody has a dick made of gold, decorated with diamonds and ejaculates cash
Why do gay men get so much hate	Because sometimes, they're fucking assholes.
Why is it called Black Friday	Because the deals are such..A nigger
Why are ducks funny	Cause they be quacking jokes
Why did the chicken cross the road	The person jogging had a Mc chicken in hand.
Why do Mexican families make tamales on Christmas Eve	So the kids have something to unwrap on Christmas morning.
Why do people in Afghanistan air dry after they shower	Because of the towel ban
Why do black people have white hands and feet	Because everyone has a little bit of good in them.
Why can't bicycles stand up on their own	Because they're two tired!
Why did Hitler take suicide	Because of the lethal gas bill.
Why cant Mexicans smoke joints	They aint ever got any papers
Why did Hitler lose World War II	Because his Reich exceeded his grasp.
Why couldn't the clown make balloon animals for the children	With inflation raising the cost he couldn't afford it.
Why should you serve Eggs Benedict on shiny metal dishes	Because there's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise.
Why did Chris Brown stop having long-term relationships	He wanted 2 hit singles
Why is divorce so expensive	Because it is worth it..
Why did Waldo wear stripes	[I wouldn't know. Ask these guys.](http://imgur.com/yTGbPI0)
Why does the corn hate the farmer	Because he picks his ears!
Why is call of duty infinite warfare set in space	Because nobody liked it on earth.
Why was the marshmallow stuck to the tree	It was taped.
Why did Hellen Kellar burn her ear	The phone rang and she answered the iron. Why did she burn her other ear? They called back.
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To get to the idiot's house Knock knock? Who's there? The chicken
Why did Obama take all the pencils and pens when he left	Cuz he knew Trump would bring his own Pence
Why are the ""sans"" family of fonts so serious	No one wants to be comic sans.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say ""hello"" from the other side. ::mic drop::::
Why was the black person sad	Police Brutality
Why do Mexicans always walk around like the own the place	Their dad built it, and their mom cleans it
Why did the chicken cross the road	Cuz dis boy wants ya downvotes and dat jazz
Why did the nun swear when she got her new outfit	It was a bad habit.
Why did the feminist sign up for football	She wanted to be the center of attention.
Why did brass and steel team-up together during the war	Because they were alloys.
Why is Russian the most dangerous language to learn	Because it's Russki.
Why are vaginas vertical and not horizontally aligned with the body	They would smack while walking.
Why can black people jump so high	Because their knee grows.
Why is Hillary running for President	Because it's easier than running from the law.
Why did Kirk and Spock march into the woman's restroom	They were boldly going where no man has gone before
why did Adele cross the road	To say hello from the ooooootheeeeer siiiiiiiiiiiidddeeee!!!
Why Can't you fool an aborted baby	Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why did Ayn Rand lose the pool tournament	She wouldn't play on a regulation size table
Why did Adele cross the road	To say hello from the other side
Why can't Pakistanis play soccer	Whenever they get a corner they set up a convenience store
Why did the shark cross the ocean	To get to the other tide!
Why was the man sued by his horse	For palomino-money!
Why are there no suicide books on librarys	because those who take them never bring them back.
why did the plant cross the road	it can't, its a plant. DUH
Why did the snail drink beer	To come out of its shell!
Why don't computers have any brothers	They are all trans-sisters.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle...
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a 6-offender.
Why was the Adobe Acrobat document arrested	It was a PDF file.
Why is Ireland the richest country in the world	...her capital has been Dublin for years
why did the lawyer of a satanist go to hell	because he was playing devils advocate
Why did the gymnast's account get sent to collections	She had an outstanding balance.
Why don't SJWs like Reddit	It's a real cispool.
Why did the former porn actor get fired from his job as a gas station attendant	Right before the tanks were full he would pull out the nozzle and spray gas all over the car.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven acht nein.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because sheep can hear zippers.
Why shouldn't you eat meat from pot smoking cows	Because the steaks are too high.
Why do French people eat snails	Because they hate fast food.
Why did Hitler need glasses	He could NAZI
Why do melons have fancy weddings	Because they cantelope!
Why did the momma pepper tuck in her baby	Because he was a little chili (Actually came up with this while making chili)
Why do Native Americans make good strippers	No matter where they are, they'll always make it rain when they dance.
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy	He was too far out man.
Why do aardvarks make undesirable neighbors	Because they always have their noses in other people's  business!
Why do Mac users have such high electricity bills, but low gas bills	They don't have windows.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he neverlands. That joke never gets old...
Why is the new version called Windows 10	Because 7 ate 9.
Why would a porn site that only focuses on flight attendants be really successful	It only takes your left hand to type ""stewardesses
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because netizens were showing shallow sympathy for #YulinDogMeatFestival on the other side.
Why did nobody want to be around Hitler	Because he was very gassy.
Why do feminists hate rubbing the body	Because it's massage-gynistic
Why did the chicken cross the road	The Road done him a bad turn.
Why are Saudis so behind on current events	Because they live under Iraq.
Why wouldn't you teach a woman how to ski	Because there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom..
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He sipped his drink before it was cool
Why do abortion clinics make bad OP's	... because they don't deliver...
Why did the oven go back to University	To get another degree. - My sister thought it up and found it so funny she called to tell me.
Why are pedophiles safe drivers	They always slow down in front of kindergartens and schools!
Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back	A: From crawling across the street when the sign said ""don't walk"".
Why doesn't Mexico ever win any medals in the Olympics	Because everyone who can run, jump, or swim has already crossed the border.
Why do bananas wear suntan lotion	Because they peel.
Why was the baby put in jail	For resisting a rest. ^^^^I'll ^^^^take ^^^^my ^^^^coat
Why was the tomato red	It saw the salad dressing.
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations	Because they don't believe in higher powers!
Why don't rabbits makes noise during sex	Because they have cotton balls.
Why do some fish always look high	Because of all the seaweed.
Why is it hard to hold a speech at a nudist convention	It does not help to imagine people in their underwear.
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees	Because they're so good at it!
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only cums once a year
Why couldn't the scientist find salt for his breakfast	Because it was Na HA! Get it? Because Na=sodium and N/A=not available. Seriously, this is good clean fun.
Why hurricanes are named after women	Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go, they take your house and car with them.
Why is a bulimic's favorite restaurant KFC	Cause it comes with a bucket.
Why aren't Jews easily distracted	because they've been to concentration camp.
Why don't women propose to men	Because the guy'd always be disappointed when she took out a ring.
Why are there no Jewish male pedophiles	Because not even the pleasure of hard candy is enough to make them spend a dollar on grooming a child.
Why did the console player cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side
Why is the top speed of sex 68	At 69 you blow a rod.
Why is there all this hate against necromancers	They are just trying to raise a family in peace.
Why was the hamster a bad Supreme Court Justice	Because his mind was always on a pellet.
Q: Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive	A: Because she was a woman.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	because they are ugly and they stink.
Why are cigarette taxes such a safe bet right now	One way or the other, there's going to be a lot of smoking over the next four years.
Why is it wrong to be on the left	Because it's not right.
Why do dogs lick their dicks	Because they can.
Why is it fun to date teachers	Because if you don't get it right the first time they make you do it again ;)
Why do Republicans hate lotion	Because the directions say to apply it liberally.
Why do Brides wear white	To match the rest of the household appliances.
Why was the black man so tall	...Because his knee grows.
Why are the best psychoanalysists Asian	Because they grew up listening to Pink Freud.
Why don't witches wear a flat cap	There's no point to it
Why do tampons have strings	So you can floss your teeth with them after you've used them.
Why does John Cena always take awhile to feel better when he's sick	Because the Doctor can never see him.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers	In case he got a hole in one.
Why don't girls in San Francisco wear skirts	Their balls would fall out.
Why did the Lebo die	Cause he was fullllly sik m8.
Why did Matthew Arnold go swimming before writing Dover Beach	Before writing the poem, he felt he had to do some sole-searching.
Why did the baker have brown hands	He kneaded a poo.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry around an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why did the baker have brown hands	He kneaded a pooh
Why did the cucumber blush	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why was Disney's massage parlor so successful	Everybody gets a happy ending.
Why can't Jesus eat pizza	Because he doesn't exist.
Why did the Crip cross the road	Cuz.
Why can't dinosaurs talk	Because they're all dead.
Why was Han solo so suspicious after sticking his dick in Princess Leia for the first time	...it was Luke warm.
Why did the Mexican food go to counseling	It wanted to taco bout his feelings
Q:Why doesn't ed have a girlfriend	A: because she ran
Why doesn't Chelsea Clinton have a brother or sister	Monica Lewinsky swallowed them.
Why didn't they let Voldermort play quidditch	...because he'd always just Slytherin the grass.
Why can you always trust Frankenstein's monster	He's got somebody else's back, he could probably handle yours.
Why did the snowman start smiling	Because he saw the snow blower coming
Why are jewish potion makers all male	He brew
Why does Wall Street call Hillary ""Hillary Vuitton"" instead of ""Hillary Clinton""	Because they know she's in the bag ...
Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road	Because it ran out of juice
Why do the sharks only swim in salt water	......because they would sneeze in pepper water.
Why are there no black CIA agents	Because you'd never be able to convince him to help the massive drug smuggling conspiracy that's shipping cocaine into his family's neighborhood.
Why aren't there more jokes about Jim Jones	I think it's because usually the punchline is too long
Why are there no headache pills in Troy	Cause Paracetamol
Why do you never wear two monocles at the same time	Because you'd make a spectacle of yourself.
Why did the post office get sued	For Mail-Practice!!
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA	Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Why did the goal post get angry	Because the bar was rattled!
Why couldn't the bike stand up	It was too tired.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was out standing in his field :)
Why did the blonde have square boobs	Because she forgot to take the tissues out of the box
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why are almost all brides dresses white	So the dishwasher matches the washing machine
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Cause it was dead
Why do some people love their VW diesel cars	Well, it's the official car of the New England Patriots after all.
Why did the lobster blush	Because the see weed.
Why can't Caitlyn Jenner's kids ever find their mom	Because she is Trans-parent! (Not hate. Just a pun I thought of.)
Why was Mrs. Clause's stocking full on December 21st	Because Santa came early this year.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	Because they like to push two twins together to make a king. (Game of Thrones ref)
Why did the cannibal go to KFC	He heard it was finger licking good.
Why are hurricanes always named after white people	Because white people destroy everything.
Why did the twins have twice as many shirts as pants	Because they shared genes!
Why did the three year old African boy buy a red convertible	He was having a midlife crisis.
Why should aimless Christian musicians become sailors	Because if they've found Jesus, the only way they'll find resolution is at C.
Why are black crimes hard to solve	Because they're all criminals and they look the same.
Why is it so windy in Texas	because New Mexico blows and Oklahoma sucks
Why is James Bond a terrible motivational speaker	Because the audiences are shaken, not stirred.
Why do they call a horse a horse	Because they speak English.
Why are eagles so hard to find	They're always in diskies
Why couldn't Hillary Clinton keep up her US presidential campaign	She was let down by a weak Constitution.
Why do famous and rich black people stay at the Ritz	Because they are sold out to crackers!
Why does the noble gas always cry	Because all his friends Argon.
Why do the Gorillas like Jimmy Carter	They don't really know - but they're NUTS about him!
Why does Donald Trump and illegal Mexicans have in Common	They're both not wanted by the Republican Party.
Why do Mexicans only cross the border in pairs	Because it says no TRESpassing.
why would you be a suicide bomber	.. And wait for the 72 virgins in heaven... When you could become a catholic preist and have them now! Source: Jimmy Carr
Why did Napoleon return from exile	He needed more Elba room.
Why can't the porcelain king go to the bathroom	He was dethroned.
Why did Walmart go out of business in Iraq	Because there are too many targets.
Why do mice have such small balls	Because so very few mice know how to dance...
Why does Poesche keep their engines in the back	To leave more room for Paul Walker in the Front..
Why would you wrap a hamster in duct tape	So it won't explode when you fuck it.
Why do children have middle names	So they *know for sure* that they are in deep shit.
Why did the soldier salute the occupied restroom	There was a loo tenant inside.
Why does moon rock taste better than earth rock	It's a little meteor.
Why did the witch lose her way	Because her hat was pointing in the wrong direction.
Why did Leonardo Take forever to laugh at my Oscars joke	Cause he just got it!
Why wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker cast in ""Seabiscuit""	I don't think she auditioned for the movie, or was even considered for it. And she was busy with ""Sex and the City"" anyway.
Why is Rene Descartes considered a thinker	Because he is.
Why is Stevie Wonder in camouflage at the Grammys	Because if he can't see us, we shouldn't be able to see him.
Why do endocrinologists visit brothels	Because they are interested in whore moans.
why did the nun take off her clothes	she had a bad habit
Q: Why do rugby fans eat up the sport	A: Because it is 'scrum'-ptious.
Why did God invent the yeast infection	To show girls what it's like to live with an annoying cunt.
Why are dogs always thirsty	Because water fountains were designed for humans! HEYOOOOOOO
Why is Pokemon quite realistic	Because in the games, Bug-types are effective against Dark-types. Just like malaria in Africa.
Why don't Indians play soccer	Every time they get a corner they put a dairy on it.
Why don't plumbers ride bikes	Because they'd get arrested for peddling crack
Why was the tomato blushing	Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why don't elephants like playing cards in the jungle	Because of all the cheetahs !
Why are most rappers afraid of vending machines	Because eminem's in there (Sorry, it works better when it's spoken)
Why was the chef fired	He was caught stroganoff
Why do Jews hate soda	Because they're gassy
Why is the topmost floor the best place to drink in	That's how you set the bar high.
Why did the Berlin Wall come down	It didn't match with the iron curtains.
Why don't white supremacist drink the water in Central America	Because it's Nicaragua
Why was the cow scared about going into the slaughter house	His life was at stake. Badum psh.
Why did the burger sit beside the telephone	Incase onion rings
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he didn't want to be spotted
Why did the tennis player get thrown out of his workshop	He was making a racket.
Why does Caterpie like Margarine	Because it's Butterfree.
Why did the little girl drop her ice cream	She got hit by a bus. Sequel: Why did the little girl's sister drop her ice cream? Someone threw a fridge at her.
Why do Jews only read the Old Testament	Because they're too cheap to buy the new! *ba-dum-tss*
Why are oceans so salty	Because the Earth is always tilted.
Why are all liquor stores haunted	Because they're full of spirits.
Why did the chicken cross the road	FUCK, MY CHICKEN'S IN THE ROAD? WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T YOU DO SOMETHING?! JESUS CHRIST, HE COULD GET RAN THE FUCK OVER! YOU'RE A FUCKING IDIOT!!
Why do people with bulimia nervosa love KFC	Because your meal comes with a bucket!
Why was the baby elf sad	Because he was Legolas
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Triskaidekaphobia.
Why does a priest never get married	Because they got nun to love them
Why do pedophiles have social anxiety	Because they have a hard time fitting in
Why are hunters good love-makers	They always go deep in the bush, they can shoot more than once, and eat what they shoot.
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill himself	You would too if your name was MMMHHHUUHH
Why did Snoop Dogg lose control of his Pontiac	The drizzle
Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs	[NSFW] He doesn't want anyone to know he's been fucking the chickens!
Why, in the United States, do we not have the letter ""u"" in words like ""favourite"" and ""colour""	Because fuck u and no one likes u, that's why.
Why did the chicken cross the road	The butcher didn't finish the job.
Why did the arsonist go to the gym	To burn some calories.
Why can't guys do the splits	The banana gets in the way. Banana split
Why do Native Americans hate snow	'cause it's white and all over their fucking land!
Why does a dinosaur climb a tree	To get in his nest.
Why did the pigeon get thrown in jail	For staging a coo
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered six offender.
Why does your brother wear a life jacket in bed	Because he sleeps on a waterbed !
Why don't they have gambling in Africa	There are too many cheetahs.
Why do farts smell	... For the benefit of the deaf!
Why won't Hillary ever pull out	She's never finished screwing people.
Why did the koala fall out of the tree	It was dead.
Why are Astronauts seen as condescending	Because all they do is look down at people.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the ""P"" is silent
Why didn't Mario put more toppings on his pizza	Because there wasn't mushroom on it.
Why Hitler used uBoots	Because the enemy did nazi them coming.
Why did Microsoft name their new web browser ""Edge""	Because people familiar with the U2 guitarist of the same name are already used to long delays.
Why isn't energy made of atoms	It doesn't matter (go ahead and down vote :P)
Why did the rooster cross the road	To prove he wasn't a chicken!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it.
Why did the pet owner get upset with his parrot	...because he was using too much fowl language
Why was the baseball team hot	It didn't have any fans!
Why is the universe expanding	It needs more space.
Why did the chicken cross the road	He needed to get that high score
Why did the pig send his story to New York	He wanted to be published on Pork Avenue.
Why did the console cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side.
Why did the Soviets pull their missiles out	Because they feared a premature ejectulation
Why was 2 afraid of 4	Because 4 8 16!
Why wasn't there a Captain America movie tie in videogame	Because every time one bug was fixed, 2 more appeared.
Why did the dolphin apologize	He didn't do it on porpoise.
Why accountants don't read novels	Because the only numbers in them are page numbers.
Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Russia	He was snowed in.
Why is the biggest nose only 11 inches	Because if it was 12 inches it would be a foot!
Why did the priest dislike geometry	It's sin-ful. [self made joke]
Why was Han Solo suspicious when he first put his penis in Princess Leia	It was Luke warm
Why Hitler died	Because he saw the gas facture.
Why did Patrick Stewart shave his head	So he could badly go where no man has gone before.
Why does Kim Kardashiani have a big butt	because she never had to work her butt off.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because of type advantage
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because that's where he parked his coupe.
why do i wish my lawn was an emo	SO it would cut itself
Why do women have vaginas	So men will talk to them.
Why don't the dutch have a space program	Their spaceships Netherland.
Why is Joey Tribbiani a presenter on the new Top Gear	It doesn't make sense, he and all his friends are always stuck in second gear
Why did the frog cross the road....	Because he was taped to the chicken.
Why was the geologist arrested	He was doing crystal math.
Why is Jesus so rich	Because Jesus saves.
Why does a redneck hold a knife while driving	So he can cut corners. `Pretty old Dutch joke that surprisingly also works in English.`
Q: Why is sex like math	A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Why couldn't Miss Piggy count to 100	Because when she got to 69, there was a frog in her throat.
Why can't woman drive	Because there are no roads from the bedroom to the kitchen!!
Why did the sweet toothed scientist blow up his monkey	He wanted some Rhesus pieces.
Why doesn't Magneto wear his old costume anymore	Because days of fuchsia passed
Why did the male koala invite the female koala over to his bamboo	He wanted to have a treesome.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	because they're ugly and they stink.
Why was Cinderella kicked out of Walt Disney World	Because she sat on Pinocchio's face and told him to start telling lies.
Why did god create man	Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn! :D
Why would Louis and Clark adore living in todays age	Because the difficulty in finding the North-West passage significantly declined once we discovered it was Kim Kardashian's vagina.
Why did we use guns in world war 2 against the Germans	We could've used Frebreze, it kills 99.99% of germs anyways.
Why did the rancher get out of the hemp-fed beef market	The steaks were too high.
Why do scientists call helium , curium and barium the medical elements	Because, if you can't helium or curium , you'd barium!
Why wasn't the joke funny at the dance	There wasn't a punch line.
Why do midgets always laugh when playing soccer	The grass tickles their balls!
Why does Pope Francis call his dick Santa	Because he comes to the good kids only.
Why don't Superman's farts smell	Because krypton gas is odourless.
Why do elephants have trunks	Because they would look silly carrying suitcases !
Why does Daenerys take so long to get places	She keeps *dragon* her feet.
Why did the girl who worked for the telephone company sing all the time	Because she was an operetta (operator).
Why come cats purr	It's your pussy's way of saying ""I love you.
Why did the Teletubbies find it hard to pee	They only have one Tinkie-Winkie
Why did EA cross the road	BUY THE SEASON PASS TODAY TO FIND OUT!
Why did God put the ring on Saturn	Because he liked it.
Why wouldn't Hannibal Lecter eat clowns	Because they tasted funny.
Why did the elephant turn around in the airport and go home	He forgot to pack his trunk.
Why didn't the vampire purchase the expensive suit	He just couldn't ever see himself wearing it.
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend	Because he needed his space.
why do sandwich fillings look weird	Cos they're in bread
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fowls in the corner!
Why did the UN outlaw diet pills	Because they're weapons of mass destruction.
Why Christmas is like a job day	You do all the work but the big fat man in suit get the credits
Why are Juggalos obsessed with hatchets	Felons can't buy guns
Why are black people so good at basketball	They are experienced in running, stealing and shooting.
Why did the ghost go into rehab	He had a problem with boos.
Why were the strawberries sad	Because their mother was in a jam!
Why was the physicist being so careful not to insult his colleague's choice of generalized coordinates and momentum	He was just minding his Ps and Qs.
Why does Santa have a garden	So he can hoe-hoe-hoe! ^^^^^That's_a_knee_slapper...
Why are men like cars	Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
Why don't Jews eat pussy	Because it's too close to the gas chamber
Why didn't the pigs eat the rotten eggs in their  feed trough	They were saving the best for last.
Why does Batman think so highly about himself	Bruce Wayne.
Why do people want attention of 1000 pies	because it's their sen-pais~
Why did the cosmonaut forget to pack extra underwear	Because he was Russian.
Q: Why do blondes always die before help arrives	A: They always forget the ""11"" in ""9-1-1"".
Why is Reddit different from Facebook	[removed]
Why did the rope go to jail	Because he was knotty
Why couldn't the giraffe get a job at the bank	They weren't hiring.
Why the U.S suck at chess	'Cuz they lost two towers
Why is it when a house is haunted it's always a ghost from the 1700's	Imagine it being a ghost from 2007 screaming ""It's Britney Bitch"" at 3am
Why did the scarecrow get promoted	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why do you always follow your instinct when doing trigonometry	Beacuse you might have secant thoughts and go off on a tangent
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	Because he had no guts!
Why don't Canadians do well on Wheel of Fortune	Because the host gets confused when they say ""I'd to buy a vowel eh.
Why do vampires hate arguments	Because they make themselves cross.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because seven is a registered six offender.
Why didn't the vampire feed off of Taylor Swift	She had Bad Blood.
Why are football players never asked for dinner	Because they're always dribbling!
Why did the pervert cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why did God invent economists	So accountants could have someone to laugh at.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say Hello from the Other Side
Why did the little piglet fall in love with the hog	Because he was such a sloppy dresser.
Why are locksmiths in Japan cooler than the rest of the world's locksmiths	Because in Japan they're rocksmiths.
Why did lieutenant Uhura smell bad	...because William Shatner
Why was a physicist unable to do the double slit experiment	His wife didn't want a threesome.
Why isn't Christmas spelled Christmals	Because Noel.
Why do pedophiles love reddit	There are so many immature assholes.
Why are gay guys bad at jenga	They don't worry about pulling out
Why do postmen carry letters	Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves.
Why did 6 break up with 7	Because 7 ate 9 out
Why did no one notice Thor's brother	Because he was low-key
Why did Eli Manning didn't react to the Broncos winning the Superbowl	Because the fine bros would sue.
Why did Jesus curse the fig tree	[God hates figs.](http://www.wikiwand.com/en/Cursing_the_fig_tree)
Why didn't the vampire eat out his girlfriend	Because it wasn't the right time of the month.
Why do men get their great ideas in bed	Because their plugged into a genius!
Why did the little girl fall off the swing	She didn't have any arms.
Why do gay people like math	Because of *bi*nomials!
Why was the little Martian sad	Curiosity killed his cat.
Why is slave trade illegal	Because it's a black market.
Why was the cake afraid of mobsters	He knew they were going to ice him.
Why are graveyards so noisy	Because of all of the coffin.
Why did the Nevada skunk cross the state border	To follow the smell of legal dank skunk buds.
Why don't anti-vaxxers hang out in bars	They're afraid of the shots.
Why does the Vanu Sovereignty hate plastic bags	They keep Terran.
Why are fire trucks red	You would be too if someone was pulling on your hose all day.
Why do indigenous people hate snow	It's white and on their land.
Why doesn't the melon get married	Because it cantaloupe.
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund	Because he wanted to... ""Get along little doggy
Why does the Easter Bunny hide the eggs	Because he doesn't want anybody to know that he's been fucking chickens!
Why did Hitler lose WWII	He did NAZI it coming
Why was the killer's watch arrested	Because it was proven to be accessory to murder.
Why did the German cross the road	To get to the Reich side
Why did President Obama get two terms	Because every black man gets a longer sentence.
Why did they bury Rock Hudson ass up	So his friends could stop by and crack open a cold one.
Why are Australians so well balanced	They have a chip on both shoulders.
Why was George Washington buried on Mount Vernon	Because he was dead!
Why was the cotton candy singing	Grandma, hush, that's Nicki Minaj
Why is Barbie not pregnant	Because Ken came in a different box.
Why do ecologists like lepers	Because they're biodegradable!
Why is Budweiser like sex in a kayak	Its fucking close to water.
Why did God make pubic hair curly	So we don't poke our eyes out.
Why was the photographer arested	Indecent exposure.
Why did Harry Potter buy so many golden snitches	Because they were only a quideach
Why did the librarian slip and fall on the library floor	Because she was in the non-friction section.
Why is the plunger gay	He was born that way you homophobe!
Why do white girls always travel in odd number packs	They can't even
Why did Maria Shriver marry Arnold Schwarzenegger	To breed a Kennedy that could take a bullet.
Why is owning a Prius difficult	It's hard to drive when you're patting yourself on the back all the time.
Why are boy scouts like human sacrifices in a cannibalistic society	Their motto is ""be prepared
Why should you never date a tennis player	Cause love means nothing to them
why shouldn't you fart in church	you'd have to sit in your own pew.
Why did the Buddhist monk refuse Novocain	Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
Why did the bird refuse Martin Luther's food	It was on a strict diet of worms. edit: changed pronoun to avoid ambiguity
Why didn't the NSA agent cross the road	He was snowed in.
Why was 7 arrested for homicide	Because somebody divided 14 into 2 and he was the prime suspect
Why did the tree keep getting grounded	Because it was s knotty pine!
Why wasn't the vampire killed	The vampire hunter made a miss-stake.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it was Mexican and Donald Trump wouldn't allow it to cross the border.
Why does a Mexican take Xanax	For his Borderline Personality Disorder.
Why do blondes have see-through lunch box tops	So they can tell if they are going to work or going home while on the bus.
Why do feminist hate the bible	Because it ends with A-men
Why do gingers always complain about uncomfortable shoes	Because they have no inner-soles
Why I Could Never Be Gay As A Man	NSFW I could never fuck something i respect.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack	Because he only **comes** once a year.
Why did the peadophile sign up for Netflix	He liked chillin.
Why did the gifting company fire their last employee	Because they got a bad wrap.
Why do mermaids wear sea shells	Because D-shells are too big and B-shells are too small.
Why did they arrest the musician	He got into treble.
Why yes, I do live under a rock	It's called the moon.
Why is the vagina like the weather	Because when it's wet it's time to go insiiiiiiide.
Why did the Afgahni get burnt lips	Because he tried to blow up a bus.
Why do Seagulls live by the Sea	If they didn't, they'd be Bagulls!
Why are teachers always making answer keys	So they can open doors of opportunity for their students.
Why is Natural Light Bear Grylls favorite beer	Cause it tastes like piss.
Why can't pirates play any card games	Because someone's always on the deck!
Why did the Frog cross the road	Because it was stapled to the Chicken.
Why did the plane crash into the mountain	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread.
Why is 10 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9
why didn't the alcoholic become a lawyer	because he couldn't pass the bar
Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his house	Because he was Snowden
Why doesn't the fat acceptance movement have a Gandhi	No one is willing to go on a hunger strike for the cause
Why do you want your lawyer to be a U2 fan	Cos they're always pro-Bono
Why did the Donkey Vacuum sell so poorly	Because it sucked ass.
Why don't your balls like being chomped on	It makes them a bit teste.
Q: Why do gorillas have big nostrils	A: They have big fingers.
Why can't black people swim	Because the cops will arrest them
Why doesn't George R.R. Martin have Twitter	Because he would just kill off all 140 characters.
Q: Why didn't Natalie Wood take a shower on the boat	A: She wanted to wash up on shore.
Why is six afraid of seven	because seven is a registered six offender.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Why did the chick disappoint his mother	He wasn't what he was cracked up to be !
Why does society think less of a man when he strikes a woman instead of sparing them	Because a strike only requires one ball while a spare requires two balls
Why was the frog down in the mouth	He was un hoppy !
Why did the architect take so long to get started on his church blueprints	He couldn't decide what font to use.
Why is pornhub so busy today	Because it's erection day!
Why do rednecks love sandwiches	Because they're inbred too.
Why did the cat cross the road	Because curiousity was on the other side
Why was the rooster going to the urinals	Because that's where all the cocks hang out!
Why do feminist picnics suck	Because no one made any sandwiches.
Why didn't the Marshmallow Peep cross the road on Easter	Because it was a little chicken.
Why was Kunta Kinte such a renowned philosopher	He pondered the question ""Toby, or not Toby?
Why was the woman so attached to her Dr. Scholl's gel insert	[OC] It was her sole comfort.
Why doesn't NASA send cows to space	Because the stakes would be too high.
Why were the Medieval centuries known as the Dark Ages	It was the knight time
Why did the Pussy Wagon fail the emissions test	It had a broken Catalytic converter.
Why do most men not like aspirin	Because it's a cox blocker
Why can't cars fly kites	Because of the windshield.
Why does math class teach kids about Japan, Germany, and Italy	Because they learn about the x-axis.
Why are grapes so fun to go clubbing with	Because they're always raisin the roof.
Why is Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven is a SIX offender!!!
Q: Why is the blonde's brain the size of a pea  in the morning	A: It swells at night.
Why did it take so long to see a picture of Saint West	Because he was a Tidal exclusive.
Q: Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year	A: Reagan ate all the jellybeans.
Why can't you ever build a great relationship with an archer	Because at the end of they day they don't want any strings attached!
Why do mathematicians never have to pay for sex	They find getting sum trivial.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven's a six offender.
Why is Rosie O'Donell fat	Because she likes to eat out!
Why can't a bicycle stand up by itself	It's two tired.
Why is being a pirate addictive	They say that after you lose your first hand, you get hooked!
Why are redneck murder cases the hardest to solve	Because all the DNA matches, and there are no dental records.
Why can't you get drunk with a sniper	Because they are usually done after one or two shots.
Why did the marine park worker feel aimless	Because they lacked porpoises.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because sheep can hear zippers a mile off.
Why did Trump bring his dog to the rally	Because he likes it *ruffed up* !
Why don't sharks eat clowns	Because they taste funny. I am not sorry.
Why did the dog die	It had Barkinsons
Why was Slave Leia covered in cum and picking hair out of her mouth	She's into Chewkaki.
Why do polish people all have ski at the end of their name	Because they can't spell toboggan.
Why was the middle aged computer sad	He had a floppy disc.
Why did the fisherman want to go fishing in Alaska	Just for the halibut.
Why does Brendon Rodgers hate Twitter	It only allows 140 characters
Why are jews afraid to eat pussy	because its too close to the gas chamber
Why did the midget get kicked out of the putt putt course	because he wanted to play minijerkoff.
Why couldn't the dolphin choose a career	She had no sense of porpoise.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs	He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Why did the feminist cross the road	To move the goal post for their argument
Why do gay guys like rotisserie chicken	They like the way the meat spins
Why is Santa's ball sack so big	He only comes once a year.
Why was the high schooler in the gun store	There was a back to school sale.
Why is PTSD like riding a bike	You never forget
Why did the pirate with the eye patch drown	Because he had no depth perception.
Why do I love putting down kids without parents	Cause endorphins make me feel good.
Why can't Stevie Wonder read	(offensive) Because he's black.
Why are friendzone'd guys always sick	They suffer from m'ladies
Why did the Mexican man throw his wife out the window	*Tequila*
Why are all Satanists trypophobic	They're grossed out by Holy things.
Why couldn't the effective vitamin supplement achieve true happiness	He was too super fish oil.
Why did the dolphin commit suicide	Because his life had no porpoise
Why don't women run fast	? cause they hate getting fat!! edit: It's physics. The faster an object moves, the heavier it gets.
Why didnt the illiterate man like my post on r/Jokes	He's never Reddit.
Why can't midgets be accountants	Because they always come up short.
Why do people like Trump over Obama	Because Orange is the new Black
Why did Microsoft skip to Windows 10	Because 7 8 9.
Why do Baptists have so many children	They only use holy condoms.
Why do football players only dance when good shit happens	Just once I wanna see a QB throw an interception & do a sad, interpretive dance.
Why are the Mexicans building a wall	To keep Donald trump out of mexico
Why do so few people become botanists	Because of the stigma.
Why did Hitler have so much energy	He was on a cleanse.
Why did the bicycle fall over	Because it was two-tired
Why didn't the LoL champ care when she crashed her car	Because it was Elise
Why couldn't the hipster get off	He'd only masturbate before it was hard!
Why does vegan cheese taste bad	It hasn't been tested on mice.
Why are A's like flowers	Because B's go after them!
Why did the customer slap the cashier	Because he was checking her out.
Why cant a woman be the goalie for hockey	3 periods 2 pads.
Why do programmers celebrate Christmas on Halloween	Because OCT 31 == DEC 25
Why was Karl Marx against Chinese mutes	Because he hated the Bu shuo!
Why didn't the peanut butter... Fuck the jelly	Because he was already in a jam
Why do women need to wear jockstraps while skydiving	To prevent them from whistling.
Why would a dead girl lie	Because she can't stand up.
Why do hunters make the best lovers	Because they go deep in the bush shoot more than once and they eat  what they shoot.
Why did the prevert cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chickens ass
Why was Avogadro executed	He was a mole
Why is Kfc always out of toilet paper	Because it is Finger Lickin' Good.
Why do most movie sequels stink	Because movie makers are basically doing a number 2.
Why Did The Military Take Over Turkey	To Prove They Were Not Chicken
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women love anything 20% off.
Why does the mushroom always get invited to the party	Because he was a fungi
Why don't people drink pig's milk	Because its a bit too sow...
Why do black people like to ""whip"" when dancing	Because for one they aren't on the receiving end! Yes I know i am being racist, so dont point it out
Why are orphans bad at baseball	They don't know where home is.
Why did the comedian mermaid die	Because it had a dry sense of humor .
Why did the bicycle fall down	Because it was too tired
Why is leather so good for sneaking around in	Because leather is made of hide.
Why do they refer to network ports as female	Because when they stop talking to you, you never know why.
Why does little Timmy keep throwing up gang signs	Because he ate too much of them.
Why is it hard to watch two elephants boxing	Because they've got the same color trunks.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	They weren't born yesterday.
Why don't gelding horses like to race	Because every time they go to the starting gate they're reminded ""They're Off!"".
Why do terrorists hate air planes made of water	Because they hate waterboarding.
Why did the pig run away from the pig  sty	He felt that the other pigs were taking him for grunted.
Why did the Italian miss his dinner	It'a was'a pasta his bed time
Why do Trekkies never grow out of Star Trek	They always somehow just Klingon to it.
Q: Why don't blondes eat bananas	A1: They can't find the zipper. A2: They cant find the pull tab.
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&amp;M's	Because of the holes in his hands.
Why do businessmen carry umbrellas	Because umbrellas can't walk.
why is it called Black Friday	because you can get everything for a steal.
Why can't you trust anything MATTER says	Because it makes up everything.
Why can Saint Nicolas never be prosecuted	Because of the Santa Clause
Why do Men find it hard to make eye contact	Breasts don't have eyes.
Why was Jesus not born in West Virginia	Because they couldn't find three wise men or a virgin. Gf sent me this when she was driving through the state.
Why does Mexico never wins any medals at the Olympic Games	Because everyone who runs, swims, or jump really well is already across the border.
Why is there a wolf on Wall Street	Animals are bad with money. My cat just lost $80 at high-stakes uno
Why do certain asian boxers hate the Rebel Alliance	Because they are Thai fighters.
Why do hipsters only buy games from GOG	Because other stores are too mainSteam.
Why can't Keanu Reeves eat his soup	There is no spoon
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority	Because the don't like dicks.
Why Did Princess Diana Cross The Street	Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt
Why are pedophiles so full of themselves	They only have sex with people who look up to them.
Why planes are faster than car and buses	Because they are almost never **tired**.
Why name hurricanes lame names, like Sandy	Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 and I guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to.
Why didn't Hitler drink	It made him mean.
Why did the Priest cross the road	Because he crosses everything.
Why didn't Silento knock before coming inside	Because you already know who it's isss! My little sister told me this joke.
Why can't ISIS members go fuck themselves	Because sex with animals is haram.
Why don't we call it Christlmas	Noel.
Why did the snowman smile	Because the snowblower is coming.
Why did the man sleep under the tractor	Because he wanted to wake up oily.
Why does camping never get boring	Because it's in tents.
why do comedians always ask such strange questions	because they're telling jokes
Why did Simba's dad die	He couldn't Mufasa
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because It wanted to come before the egg.
Why couldn't they save the shipwrecked hippies	They were too far out, man.
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why did the customer choose T-Mobile	Because he wanted the worst cellphone service in the world.
Why did the hipster only listen to dead musicians	So he could say he listened to them when they were underground.
Why do Yoda's jokes always suck	Says the punch line first, he does.
Why are gay people such good swimmers	because they are flambuoyant
Why are Alabama weddings so small	They've only gotta invite one family
Why did Pete Carroll find Marshawn Lynch in a tree	I'm just here so I don't get find.
Why are outdoor workers so in fit	Cause they work out.
Why did the semen cross the road	I put the wrong socks on this morning...
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see why /r/jokes is screwing in lightbulbs
Why is Epsilon afraid of Zeta	Because Zeta Eta Theta
Why isn't there many Mexicans in Europe	BeCause it's to cold, long a swim
Why does the Buick Century have that name	It's the average age of someone who drives one.
Why is Helen Kellers belly button bruised	Her boyfriend is blind too.
Why do porn sites have a share to Google+ option	I don't want my friends knowing I use Google+.
Q: Why do dogs bury bones in the ground	- A:  Because you can't bury them in the sky!
Why is unprotected ear sex unsafe	You can get hearing aids.
Why didn't the Blonic Pig get a TV series of his  own	He made the mistake of going to a barbecue with the Bionic Man and the Blonic Woman.
Why is Reggae so popular in Utah right now	Because it was popular in California 10 years ago.
WHY HAS THE COST OF BALLOONS INCREASED OVER THE LAST 50 YEARS	? INFLATION!
Why did Adele cross the road	So she could sing 'Hello from the other side'!
Why didn't the Mexican go ""bow hunting"" with the Native American	He didn't Habanero.
Why is hockey a girls sport	Because it has periods
Why did the tree install solar panels	It wanted to be a power plant.
Why did the chicken cross the road	For attention
Why can't women drive	Because there aren't any roads from the bedroom to the kitchen.
Why was the mermaid embarrassed and crying in the classroom	She forgot her Algae-bra. Ha..
Why does my computer keep saying hello	It's a Dell.
Why are there so many female archaeologists	Because women love digging up the past.
Why is Harry Potter better than Jews	He made it out of the chamber.
Why was Jon walking backwards on the first day of school	Everyone kept saying it was back to school time.
Why do cavemen drag their women by their hair	Because if you drag them by their feet their cunts fill up with mud.
Why dont my dick work	Ive been punching it for a good half hour now, and it still wont get a job.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was too far out
Why don't lawyers play  hide-and-seek	Nobody will look for them.
Why didn't the bride and groom exchange their wedding vows	TL;DR
Why shouldn't you enter into a contract with Wolverine	Because of his retractable clause.
Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river	Tequila.
Why couldn't anyone catch the hippie	He was way to high, man.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory	Because she threw away all the w's!
Why can't your jokes ever make NRA members laugh	Because jokes don't make people laugh, people make people laugh.
Why don't elephants like penguins	Because they can't get the wrapper off.
Why don't tents have locks.	Because black people don't go camping.
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff	She was wearing mittens
Why did the cynic fall asleep	Because he had a bed day.
Why did my family serve Eggs Benedict on a hubcap for Christmas breakfast	Because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
Why is ISIS so good at sports	Even in high-intensity games they always manage to execute
Why did Jesus lose his Halo	Nobody wanted to play on his team any longer after he had a 0 and 2 kill/death ratio and it took him 3 days to respawn.
Why do bakers go into business	Because they knead the dough
Why did Hitler go to Sea World	To see Adolphin!
Why does Jesus suck at Call of Duty	Because it takes him 3 days to respawn.
Why couldn't the orphan watch the movie	Because it was PG
Why shouldn't you buy shoes off the street	They might be laced with something..
Why do honeydew melons have to get married in a formal ceremony	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the Baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why aren't cowboys circumcised	So they have somewhere to put their dip at lunch.
Why did the ghost go to the bar	For the BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOze
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex	Because they have Cotton Balls
Why couldn't the chemist laugh at the queens fart	Because noble gases are nonreactive.
Why can't the T-rex clap its hands	Because it's dead.
Why didn't Steven jobs get treated for cancer	an apple a day keeps the doctor away
Q: Why did the farmer feed his cows money	A: He wanted rich milk.
[NSFW] Why did the lesbian couple travel through Europe	So the could fuck abroad.
Why do Catholics not fight during church	Because Mass-Debating is wrong (read it out loud)
Why did the punk-rocker cross the road	He had a chicken stapled to his face.
Why did the SSD burn a flag	Because it was a Patriot Blaze
Why do horses have such a low divorce rate	Because they're all in *stable* relationships!
Why can't Sean Connery read November	Because he hasn't Read October.
Why is that cotton candy talking	Grandma, that's Nicki Minaj.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	He saw the gas bill... ^please ^don't ^kill ^me
Why should you never BBQ on your roof	The steaks are too high. ^I'll ^see ^myself ^out
Why does Bernie Sanders use Snapchat	Damn E-mails!
Why shouldn't you argue with a 90 degree angle	It's always right.
Why can't Casper have kids	Cause he has a Halloweenie
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the restroom	Because they're extinct
Why did the zombie not eat your brain	Because he doesn't eat junk food.
Why do porn stars make terrible boxers	Because they don't know how to make a proper fist.
Why didn't the boxer cross the road	He didn't want to be part of a bad punch line.
Why did sumo wrestlers start shaving their legs	To stop getting confused as feminists
Why is the rainbow a symbol of homosexuality	Because there is a pot at the end of it.
Why do hurricanes have women name	Because they take away your house, your car, your furniture and everything you have.
Why did the tomato turn red	Because it saw the salad dressing
Why is it OK to wash an American flag in hot water	Because these colors don't run.
Why doesn't Switzerland make good cars	You can only put them in neutral. edit:pronouns
Why do shower heads have 11 holes	Because -(insert group of people associated with the holocaust)- only have 10 fingers.
Why do handicapped people wear shoes	Because if they didn't their local gas station would turn a blind eye.
Q: Why don't blonde's like audio-books	A: There aren't any pictures.
Q: Why was Heisenberg such a bad lover	A: When he got the momentum, he couldn't find the position, and when he found the position, he couldn't muster up the momentum. **X-post : /r/ScienceHumour**
Why did Jesus stop playing hockey	Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
Why do SCUBA divers fall backwards out of the boat	Because if they fell forward they would land in the boat!
Why was the computer programmer single	Because he couldn't commit.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why don't mexicans have checking accounts	It's too hard to spray paint your name on the little line.
Why are Reebok Pumps shoes so expensive	Inflation.
Why did the overly sensitive man with poor grammar not put his sweater in the dryer	It felt bad
Why is it hard dating an astronaut	Because they have space issues.
Why don't mountains get cold in the winter	They wear snowcaps.
Why don't the post office get the Jehovah's Witnesses to deliver the mail on Saturday	Work smarter not harder people.
Why couldn't the dinosaur cross the road	There were no roads!
Why is the show called SpongeBob when	.. Patrick is the star. Hurr durr. Tee-hee.
Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster	So we can think about a solution in silence.
Why are men like paper cups	They're disposable
Why did the alien phone home on his mobile	Because it was so ET !
Why does Caitlyn Jenner feel like her kids see though her	I guess she is trans parent now Edit: *through
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 'ate' 9 xD
Why couldn't the whistleblower step outside	Because it's Snowden.
Why should you always invite mushrooms to your parties	They're fun guys!
Why would boxers make good comedians	Because they always have a punchline
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon	Because she will ""Let It Go.
Why can't you tell knock knock jokes about freedom	Because freedom rings
Why don't american have a bullet train	They use the bullets to train the military.
Why was the math book sad	It had too many problems.
Why couldn't cinderella play soccer	She always ran away from the ball
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife left him 4 months ago ^^^^just ^^^^searched ^^^^and ^^^^realized ^^^^this ^^^^is ^^^^heavily ^^^^overused ^^^^and ^^^^reposted ^^^^I'm ^^^^sorry
Why did the dyslexic, Russian astronomer hate the revolution	He was following the Tsar.
Why did the farmer put brandy in the cow's food	He wanted to raised stewed beef!
Why did the peasant have poor judgement	He couldn't afford better judgement I'll be here all day folks
Why was Albert Einstein's dad afraid to teach him vowels	Because everytime he tried, he kept owing his son money!
Why do writers always feel cold	Because they are surrounded by drafts!
Why do I always seem to start my day backwards	I wake up tired and I go to bed wide awake
Why do batteries feel lonely	Because they are never included in anything.
Why did the letter arrive wet	Because it had postage dew.
why are people so disgusted when someone farts around them	I mean, come on, a little gas never killed anyone
Why was the young kangaroo thrown out by his mother	For smoking in bed.
Why is it bad to mix Islam and Hinduism	Because you might get Sikh
Why do redditors hate Ellen Pao as CEO	It was the Wong choice
Why isn't George R.R. Martin allowed on Twitter	He only has 140 characters to kill
Why does Snoop Dawg need an umbrella	? Fo Drizzle.
Why are Ethiopians so good at blowjobs	Because they have to swallow everything they can
[My Joke] Why do galaxies put on boring shows while separated	Because their performance is lack-cluster.
Why did the native american hate snow	It's white and on his land.
Why is the Doctor an excellent chef	He's a Thyme Lord
Why don't the Greeks, Slavs, and Armenians celebrate Thanksgiving	Because they don't like Turkey
Why do suicide bombers have 72 virgins	one for each chunk.
Why did all the other toys throw RaggedyAnn out of the toy box	She kept on sitting on Pinocchio's face yelling ""Lie to me, lie to me!
Why do SCUBA divers fall backwards out of boats	Because if they fell forwards, they'd land in the boat.
Why did the premature ejaculator cross the ro	.. never mind.
Why did the Japanese funeral home have to turn away new business	They ran out of san storage
Why was Bob Marley fired from being a tennis announcer	Because he kept calling ""One Love
Why did the Easter Bunny have to fire the duck	Because he kept quacking all the eggs!
Why is North Korea going fail against America	They lack the element of supplies
Why is Caitlyn Jenner so skinny	Because the FDA just banned trans fats.
why is 6 afraid of 7	because 7 is a child molester
Why should you feel bad for the gay homeless population	Because they don't have any closets to come out of
Why do people throw coins into foutains	Why do people throw coins into fountains? I don't know, doesn't make any cents.
Why did a kid throw the butter out of the window	To see the butterfly! I ll jump out of the window now!
Why is Tumblr so unhealthy	It's full of trans fats.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	Because he drank his coffee before it was cool.
Q: Why do bikes have kick-stands	A: Because they're two-tired.
Why didn't Pinocchio make it thru puberty	He caught on fire.
Why didn't Bungie stick with Halo	Because it wasn't their Destiny.
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party	To find a tight seal
Why are women like condoms	Because they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Why was Luke Skywalker late	He didn't run, ewok-ed.
Why do stormtroopers never have long distance relationships	Because they'd miss each other.
Why do Australians always win 4D chess	Double check, mate
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why did the zombie move into a studio apartment	Because he didn't need a living room anymore!
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft	Because he conditioned it.
Why did the blonde snort Nutrasweet	Because she thought it was Diet Coke
Why is Divorce so Expensive	Because it's worth it.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	because his wife died.
Why don't snakes have balls	Because hardly any of them know how to dance.
Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet	Because he was always lost at C! [ I'm^so^sorry ]
Why aren't there any British Communists	Because communists believe all proper tea is theft.
Why do Gastroenterologists have such a passion for their job	Because they find the components of one's stomach very intestine.
Why are hurricanes named after girls.	Because there not himicanes
Why couldnt the NSA whistle blower leave russia	He was snowed in
Why did Marx pay for dinner on the first date	Because his utopia might be classless, but he's not
why does dr. pepper come in a bottle	his wife died.
Why do feminists hate Medusa	She's always objectifying people.
why do people carry umbrellas	because umbrellas cant walk. (ba dum tsss) i suck at jokes :((((
Why do gorillas have such big nostrils	Because they have big fingers! Not mine. Told to me by my late grandfather, funniest pastor ever. :)
Why is helen keller a bad driver	Because she's dead
Why was the illegal immigrant so offensive	Because he crossed the line
Why is Obama left-handed	Because blacks have no rights
Why are constipated people so rude	They don't give a crap
Why did Soviet dictator always drive an automatic transmission	He was always Stalin in his manual!
Why does Santa have such a big sack	Because he only comes once a year
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because his wife is a bitch!
Why do you never see a Teddy bear ordering dessert	Cus they are always stuffed.
Why do women love men who work with Horses	Because those men have got Stable jobs.
Why is the Prime Minister not seen in the morning	Because he is PM not AM
Why do neutrons shoot through dense material, but get reflected by softer material during Radiography	Have always been curious of this.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the P is silent.
Why was the baguette excited for his audition	He heard he might be playing a big roll
Why is there no life on Mars	No WiFi...
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get the newspaper! ... Didn't get it? Of course not. ..the chicken got it!
Why did Adele cross the road	To say Hello from the other side.
why did the blonde have a blue vagina	she didn't fully understand the label ""finger paint"".
Why did the iguana get a prescription for viagra	For his reptile dysfunction.
Why do white peope call a Indians paiutes	Cuz paiutes was a Indians first words and they were like 30yrs old!
Why are mimes such good rapists	The D is silent. &lt;i just thought of this! be gentle with me&gt;
Why did the stand up comic quit comedy to become a obstetrician	He needed to work on his delivery.
Why are chorus girls like barge horses	They have to tow the line!
Why did that animal's wife get a divorce	Because he was a cheetah.
Why did an emo become an accountant	There's no cuts like tax cuts.
Why do white people rely on asians so much	Because without them, they'd just be cauc.
Why do flies hate the shower	Because the only thing to eat is shampoo.
Why the F1 driver doesn't get along with his crew	He has thrust issues.
Why did the monster put the cake in the freezer	Because he had been told to ice it.
Why can't Kylie Jenner see her mom	Because she's trans-parent
Why was Hitler bad at math	Because could never find the Final Solution.
Why hadn't the law graduate and the bartender ever met	The graduate never passed the bar
Why did the programmer put on his glasses	So he could C#.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie that was drowning	Because he was too far out, man
Why was Fernando Alonso upside down	Because he Haas been hit!
Why did the Vampire's girlfriend break up with him	Because he was pain in the neck!
Why was everyone laughing at the sculptor	He was making a funny face
Why do Jews have big noses	Because air is free
Why does the mushroom have a lot of friends	He's a fungi
Why did the run on sentence think that it was pregnant	Because its period was late.
Why do I vape	It's how I let off a little steam.
Why did the prostitute die	Because fuck you, thats why.
Why doesn't Rihanna smoke weed anymore	Because she's taken enough hits.
Why is your dad chasing those pigs through the garden	We're raising mashed potatoes.
Why do elephants have four feet	Because six inches would never satisfy a female elephant.
Why can't rappers rap about nice things	YEAH GIRL I'm GOING TO TAKE OFF ALL YOUR CLOTHS AND ....... Give them to a homeless guy because he's cold
Why'd the blonde snort a line of Splenda	She thought it was diet coke
Why haven't they sent a woman to the moon	It doesn't need cleaning
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors	Because if it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken sedan!
Why do Ninjas always wear black	The skilled ones don't.
Why are there no Bruce Lee jokes	Because Bruce Lee is no joke.
Why'd the factory worker hate their job	Because it was soda pressing.
Why did Raggedy Anne get kicked out of the toybox	She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming ""Lie to me! Lie to me!!!
Why was there a bug in the computer	It was looking for a byte to eat.
Why did Hitler always win foot races	He was the fascist one.
Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts	He couldn't stand all the racket!
Why buy an invisible knife	I don't see the point
Why do dogs make good sailors	They know their knots.
Why don't Germans like humour	Because it's inefficient!
Why do women make bad engineers	Their whole lives they have been told 5 inches is 8
Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph	Because he isn't a full essay
Why is it called stand-up comedy	Because people in wheelchairs shouldn't be laughed at.
Why is Facebook such a hit	It works on the principle that People are more interested in others life than their own'.
Why do women rub their eyes when they wake up	Q: Why do women rub their eyes when they wake up? A: 'cuz they ain't got balls to scratch!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own	It was two-tired
Why can't Redditors lose their virginity	They can never get further than the tip!
Why did Lionel go to the medical store	because it was pharmacy.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	Because she was a cunt.
Why did you bring your cat to school	Teacher: Why did you bring your cat to school? Student: My dad said he was going to eat mom's pussy.
Why was the snowman infertile	He had snow balls
Why was there a dyslexic stormtrooper	Sith happens.
Why did the Walrus go to the tupperware party	He was looking for a tight seal.
Why do good farmers only excel when they are actually farming	Because they are out standing in their field.
Why do women try to talk football	Do you see me in the kitchen discussing dishwashing strategies? No. You don't.
Why is it a bad idea to run behind a car	You'll get exhausted
Why did the mushroom go to the party	Because he's a fungi.
Why was the physics teacher and the biology teacher always fighting	They didn't have any chemistry.
Why are white prisoners scarier than black prisoners	The white guy might actually be guilty. (Stolen from a comment by /u/CanadianWildlifeDept)
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get hit by a car because Trump won.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	For fingering a minor.
Why did god invent yeast infections	So women know what it's like to be with an annoying cunt
Why did the Mexican food go to counseling	He wanted to taco bout his problems
Why don't bunnies make noise when they make love	Because they have cotton balls.
Why are giraffe's necks so long	Because their heads are so far away from their bodies!
Why can't a bicycle stand up by itself	Because it's two-tired.
Why do people never eat clocks	Because it's really time consuming.
Why was the clumsy vegetable farmer a good dj	Because he dropped the beet.
Why did the Arabic man ask for her hand in marriage	Because she stole his heart
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing a seat-belt
Why do they have sex ed and drivers ed on different days in Mexico	Because they need to give the donkey a break.
Why did the naughty child not get electrocuted when he stuck a fork in the socket	Because he was grounded! (I'll see myself out)
Why do Zelda and Link smoke weed	Because they live in the kingdom where the hyrule.
Why was Timothy, the British astronaut, selected to go to the ISS	He was in Peake condition.
Why don't dwarfs smoke pipe weed	Because it slows their *mine*
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese person	You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message
Why are riddles about trees so hard	Because they always leave you stumped!
Why do bald men cut holes in there pockets	To run their hands through their hair
Why is a dog like a baseball player	He runs for home when he sees the catcher coming.
Why is America bad at the game Chess	Because they don't know how to defend their towers.
Why did the French chef kill himself	Because he lost the huile d'olive.
Why do neckbeard dentists love Cats the musical	Because m'cavity.
Why did the Mexican... ... throw his wife off a cliff	Tequila!  ... go to the home improvement store in December? Fajitas!
Why did the little girl in the flower dress fall off the swing	Because she didn't have any arms.
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings. Happy 4th of July r/jokes!
Q: Why did the little refrigerator salute the big refrigerator	A: Because he was General Electric.
Why do some people dislike twitch chat	It's just not their Kappa tea
Why did the Mexican push his wife off teh cliff	tequila
Why was the owl afraid of Raidoactivity	Because it was made of Hootonium
Why did the arborist plant new pine trees on their front lawn	To spruce things up a bit.
Why did the eunuch farmer wake up late	he had no cock!!!
Why did Uhuru get mad	Because William Shatner.
Why did little Susie fall off the swing	Because she had no arms. Knock, knock. Who's there? Not Susie.
why was the rabbit promoted to brewmaster	All his beers had a lot of hops
Why does Donald Trump have a foreign wife	Because some jobs American's just won't do.
Why do the Japanese have squinty eyes	Becuase atomic bombs are bright.
Why did the Chicken cross the Basketball Court	Because he heard the Ref was Blowing Fowls.
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow	So he wouldn't fall into the hot chocolate.
Why don't nuns fear getting raped	Because they know it is tough to get into the habit.
Why isn't Hitler in Mario Kart	Because he cant finish a race
Why was six afraid of seven	It wasn't. Numbers are not sentient, and thus are incapable of feeling fear.
Why are pirates so fat	They eat too many cAAARRRRRbs.
Why is sex like a game of bridge	-You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Q: Why do you when you sign to a Dating site	A: More bang for your buck !!!! (Wow, that was bad)
Why was the pilot jealous of the chef	Because of his ground thyme.
Why does pasta always have to pay so much for car insurance	Because it can't drive a car without making it all denty.
Why couldn't the soldier feel his legs	Because his arms were blown off.
Why are there so few gay comedians	It's hard for them to keep a straight face.
Why is trigonometry so hard to talk about	You always end up going off onto tangents.
Why won't you read this joke	Cause you've already reddit!
Why did the janitor flush the toilet	Because it was his duty.
Why did the pervert cross the road	Because he had his dick stuck in a chicken
Why isn't the Vice President running for the Democratic Nomination this year	He's Biden his time.
Why are gametes so popular	Because sex cells!
Why did the shark cross the Great Barrier Reef	...To get to the other tide! Shark Week Hoo Ha Ha!
Why are there no Televisions in Afganistan	Because of the taliban
Q: Why did the mother cat put stamps on her kittens	- A: Because she wanted to mail a litter.
Why did the US citizen cross the road	To cross the border into Canada.
Why did Hellen Keller's dog run away	You would run away too if you name was ""MMMMMMMMMUUUUUUAAAAAAHHHHHHH.
Why don't cows hang out with camels	They're all a bunch of drama-dairies.
Why didn't the armless man get the joke	He just couldn't grasp it.
Why did the hobbit go vegan	Because MEAT IS MORDOR!
Why did the blonde become a big basketball fan	Because every time they stopped the clock, she thought that she had stopped aging.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days	I dunno, they just seem a bit shady.
Why did the eskimo spend 3 hours arguing with the return counter	Because the warranty is void if the seal is broken.
Why did the American spend an entire winter in a Russian hotel	They say he was snowed in.
Why is something that keeps you from burning your fingers on a joint called a roach clip	Because potholder was already taken
Why did the captain execute the pastry chef	Because his orders were to shoot all desserters.
Why does everyone hate peppers	They always get jalapeno business!
Why should you never run in front of a bus	You will get tired.
Why don't my dog and my cat get along	She's a Re-puppy-can and he's a Demo-cat!
Q: Why was the broom late	A: Because he overswept.
Why do people prefer male bovine over female	Many would rather be served a Sir Loin than a Miss Steak.
Why is it dangerous for a lawyer to walk onto a construction site when plumbers are working	Because they might connect the drain line to the wrong suer.
Why don't melons ever run away and get married	Because they cantaloupe
why is it so hard to solve a murder in Kentucky	Because everyone is related and there are no dental records.
Why should you never date a vegan girl	She won't swallow.
Q: Why wasn't there any food after the monster party	A: Because everyone was a goblin.
Why is Hitler's Favorite Animal the Cheetah	Because they are the Facist animals within existence.
Why can't you tell when a pterodactyl is going to the bathroom	Because the pee is silent.
Q: Why shouldn't you give Elsa a balloon	A: Because she'll let it go!
Why did the woman throw the stick of butter out the window	To watch the butterfly
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it!
Why are promise rings 1/10th the price of engagement rings	They only work 10% of the time.
Why do bears have fur coats	Because they'd look stupid in anoraks !
Why don't married men live as long as single men	They don't want to!
Why shouldn't you give a Western feminist the first serving of a fruit cocktail	Because they'll just pick out all the cherries.
Why don't you make jokes about muslims	Because they will fucking kill you.
Why did the plumber cry	His family died.
Why does a cow have hooves but not feet	Cause they lactose.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat	Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store	For the watch? Not really He knows nothing, you can only buy the watch online.
Why didn't the art thief get away	Because he didn't have to Monet to pay the Guy to make the Van Gogh.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long	Cause the it would be a foot!
Q: Why couldn't the cat speak	A: The dog taped his mouth.
Why can't you make a movie with with Jewish people smoking weed	You can't show a group of Jews getting baked
Why didn't the rat go to college	It gotten eaten by the bear...and bears don't go to college.
Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends	They can't defend their towers.
Why are the reddit servers down so much	Because they're being beaten like a dead horse.
Why was 6 afraid of 7.938	It was being irrational.
Why are black people so good at basketball	Because it involves shooting, stealing and running.
Why do people hate babushka dolls	Because they are so full of themselves....
Q: Why did the New Yorker sleep under an oil tank	A: He wanted to wake up oily.
Why did the nun swallow a needle	So she could know what it's like to have a prick inside her.
Why are there only 49 Miss Black America contestants	..Because none of them want to be Miss. Idaho
Q: Why do ghouls wear glasses	A: So they don't bump into other ghouls.
Why did the man fall off his bike	Because someone threw a fridge at him
Why doesn't Jesus buy beer	Hebrews.
Why did the bear faint upon seeing his friend eat a donut	He thought his friend was eating his own claw. In reality he was just eating a bear claw donut. D'oh!
Why are camels known as ships of the desert	... Because they are full of Arab semen.
Why did the magnet go to the psychiatrist	He was bipolar.
Why don't black people go on cruise ships	They're not falling for that one again.
Why couldn't the headless horseman win the race	He couldn't get a head.
Why is a dance like a bowl of cereal	They are both more enjoyable with dates!
Why are proteins so bad at poker	They always fold.
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America	Cause' freedom rings
Why do people say amen instead of awomen at church	Because they sing hymns, not hers.
Why do fish always have c-sections	Because they can't have land sections
Why does VALVE end with 2	Because they can't count to **3**
Why don't you have sex with a nameless man	Because no matter what you call him, he won't come. Edit: spelling
Why did the knife quit	It couldn't CUT IT! woohoo! I made this one up while sitting at a buffet table. Enjoy! ~Skip
Why is yoda a bad navigator	are we going the right way?"" Yoda: ""Off course, we are
Why did the students eat their homework	Because the teacher said that it was a piece of cake.
Q: Why can't Obama poke fun at himself	A: Because that would be racist.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	Because he won't born yesterday.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered 6 offender
Why don't more people cook Armenian food	Because it can be very thyme-consuming.
Why did Hitler hate juice	Cause it was too hasidic. ^^^I'll ^^^be ^^^here ^^^all ^^^week
Why did the gynecologist take a vacation out of the country	To study abroad.
Why did the dog go to the hospital	He was feeling ruff.
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Their peckers are on their face!
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 needs a shit load of adapters to work
Why are blind people bad at math	Because they lack da-vision.
Why was the Energizer Bunny tried in court	He was charged with battery.
Why are Vampires Democrats	They want Gore in 2000.
Why did the calendar die	It's days were numbered.
Why can't two elephants go swimming	-They only have one pair of trunks.
Why wasn't Vladimir late	He was Russian.
Why was the comedian with bad-ended jokes unpopular	Because everytime he told a joke people fainted in the end.
Why wouldn't the worker accept 10 fresh chickens as a reward for saving a farm on fire	It was a poultry amount
Why were the early days of history called the Dark Ages	There were many knights.
Why did the cat sleep under the car	Because she wanted to wake up oily !
Why was the Pepsi crying while lifting weights	Because he was soda-pressing
Why did God create men first	Because we learn from mistakes.
[Racist] Why can't African Americans stretch their arms	Because they're handcuffed.
[dad accidentally steps on the dog] I'm sorry girl, I didn't see you. Are you ok	[dad accidentally steps on me] Why are you on the floor?!
Why was the 6 month old Nigerian unhappy	He was having a mid life crisis.
Why wasn't Jesus born in lindsay Ontario	Couldn't find three wise men. Or a virgin...
Why can't two melons get married	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did Hitler kill himself	The gas bill was too high.
Why is everyone afraid of seven	Because seven eight nine!
Why does Pinocchio lie	because he's a fucking liar
Why did the 80-year-old man call his dick Jesus	It takes 3 days for it to rise again.
Why didn't Donald Trump want to play Marco Polo	He was at Rubio's house and was worried he'd get Cruzed.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the other side.
Why do bunnies have soft sex	They have cotton balls.
Why did the Chicken cross the road	To get to the bar. Why the bar? To get to the toilet. Why the toilet? Because that's where all the cocks hang out.
Why did the chicken cross the road	... To get to your house. Knock Knock *Who's there?* The chicken!
Why was the calf afraid	He was a cow-herd!
Why a woman doesn't make sense to a man	.. Actually they make 77 cents to a man.
Why can't women explain feminism to men	Because they need a man to do it for them
Why should you never watch a video with a  Chihuahua	It always plays with the ""paws"" button on the VCR.
Why did Adele cross the road	Because she wanted to
Why did cavemen drag their women by the hair	Cause if you dragged them by the feet, they'd fill up with dirt.
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any kids	Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down a chimney.
Why did the Otter collect parts for his spaceship	So he could go to otter space.
Why did the blonde...... Why did the blonde fuck the mexican	Because the teacher told her to do an ese'!
Why is divorce so expensive	Its worth it!
Q: Why do you look out the window in the morning	A: Because you can't see through walls, and you can't see anything at night anyway.
Why does Santa have an enormous sack	He only comes once a year.
Why can't America play chess	Because it's missing two towers.
Why don't blind people like to skydive	Because it scares the dog.
Why does Santa have a big sack	He only comes once a year. Why does he only come once a year? He only goes to see children once a year.
Why did the chicken cross the road today	To get away from all the assholes making Prince jokes.
Why don't black people get on cruises anymore	They aren't falling for that one again.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	He uses the finest ingredients.
Why was the mushroom invited to the party	Because he was a fungi!
Why did the hipster cross the road	To get to a place you've probably never heard of.
why do elephants paint their toe nails red	to hide in cherry trees. have you ever seen an elephant hiding in a cherry tree? works doesn't it
Why couldn't the American leave Russia	He was snowden
Why did the optimistic Chinese guy wish he had multiple personality disorder	He wanted to be the Changs he wanted to see in the world.
Why has the Malaysian Government banned Cheese Boards	Because people keep reporting they've found de brie.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks today...
Why do women like Ryan Gosling	Because he is always Gosling around..... A co-worker snickered so I figued share.
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party	To find a tight seal
Why do chemists love bad jokes	Their jobs get a lot easier when there are no reactions
Why are Jewish men Circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Why is a room of 50 doctors safer than a room with 1000 doctors	You can't survive in 1000 degrees. *credit to my friend Neriah.
Q: Why did the traffic light turn red	A: Because it saw the other one changing!
Why did ISIS stop looting viagra	The goats all died.
Why did the jewish boy's ghost costume only have one eye hole	His dad didn't want to buy him a new sheet.
Why does Santa go down the chimney	Because it **soots** him. Credit: Curious: The Tourist Guide
Why are dog boners so classy	Because their pinkie is out ^gross
Q: Why did the girl loaf of stale bread slap the boy loaf of stale bread	A: Because he tried to get fresh.
Why did the boy take the ruler to bed	He wanted to see how long he slept.
Why did the fire fighter go in to save his friend first, and then fight the fire	Because... bros before hose!!! Wubbulubbadub-dub!
Why Did The Cows Go To Graze In The Marijuana Fields	It was a case of the pot calling the cattle back...
Why did the football coach go to Aldi	To get his quarter back!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	The 'p' is silent
Why did Fred Durst sleep with Princess Leia	He did it all for the Wookie, yeah!
Why do elephants paint their balls red	So they can hide in apple trees. What's the loudest noise in the jungle? A giraffe eating apples.
Why couldn't the teddy bear smell	Because his nose was stuffed
Why did Obama serve two terms	Because blacks always get a longer sentence
Why are ISIS so safety conscientious and choose to use donkeys instead of vehicles for transportation	vehicle tail pipes will burn your ass bad
why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing her seat-belt. Stay safe tonight everyone!
Why did the climate scientist cross the road	To analyze the chicken s carbon footprint.
Why was the algebra teacher arrested on drug charges	He was caught doing lines of math!
Why did I break up with my vegan girlfriend	She refused to swallow animal by-products.
Why does Helium go up	Because the floors Argon.
Why don't skeletons get sick	Because they always have an anti-body
why do feminists have two more brain cells than a cow	so when you play with their tits they don't shit on the floor.
Q: Why was the cat afraid of the tree	A: Because of its bark.
Why did the brothel run out of money	Because all of the investors pulled out.
Why did the boy want to see a thunder storm in Greece	Because Greece lightening
Why did the female war reenactors need to throw away their costumes	Because they weren't period-appropriate!
Why did the dinosaur go to jail	Because he was a child molester.
Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger cross the road	To **GET TO THE CHOPPA!!!**
Why was the 'P' irate	Because his peg leg made him go 'R'
Why can't you have multi-story buildings in China	That would be wong on so many levels!
Why can't you trust a Lithium Ion battery	Because they're always Li-ion!
Why doesn't Santa give gifts to naughty kids	Because it'd Krampus style.
Why didn't the atheist businesswoman make any money	She didn't believe in prophets.
Why didn't the engineering student have a good relationship with his professor	There were too many truss problems.
Why was John Lennon shocked when he got his wife's gynecologist bill	He had misunderstood the doctor when he said ""I do probe Ono.
Why are there no homosexual traffic lights	They can't change, even if they try.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning	Cus he was too far out, man
Why was 8 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered 6 offender
[Science Meeting, 1924] Why don't we tell the people that every snowflake is unique	It's not like they'll ever really check ""Let's do it
Why did the midget cross the road	Because he was getting chased by two assholes still drunk from St. Patrick's Day.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fouls.
Why didn't the cops ever charge Abraham Lincoln	Because he was always in a cent.
Why did Uncle Owen have the cleanest asshole in the Galaxy	A lifetime of nothing but Outer Rim jobs.
Why are the_donald users not cucks	First of all you'd need a girlfriend to begin with.
Why was the meeting for impotent men cancelled	They knew no one would come.
Why did SJWs call out Medusa	She kept objectifying people.
Why do some people think Jesus was black	Cause he is our father, and he never came back.
Why do girls always go in threes when using the restroom	Because they can't even.
Why don't you ever see black people on cruises	They'll never be tricked into that one again...
Why can't Hellen Keller drive	Cause she's dead
Why do University of Alabama graduates place their diplomas on their rear-view mirrors	So they can park in handicap spots.
Why doesn't Kanye West take his wife to the beach	Because he is afraid tidal wave will take her away from him.
Why don't blind people go sky diving	It freaks out the dogs!
Why do Russians always wear track suits	Because they are always RUSSIAN to places. thanks
Why do gametes often choose a life of prostitution	because sex cells.
Why did the French chef commit suicide	Because he lost the huile d'olive.
Why should you always invite more than one Baptist on a fishing trip	Because if you only invite one, he'll drink all your beer.
Why did the plane crash	Becuase the pilot was a loaf of bread. Originated from http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/jq58i/iama_request_popsicle_stick_joke_writer/
Why do people dislike going to the dentist	Because he is boring.
Q: Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder	A: So he could shoot his mouth off.
Why did the Caucasian gymnast fall off the balance beam while on television	Because the white balance was off on the camera.
Why couldn't the watermelon get married in Vegas	Because his fiancee is a cantaloupe!
Why did the nun always go to the same bar	Habit
Why do Central Americans hop the U.S. Border in groups of 4 or more	Because the sign says no tres-passing.
Why do tampons have strings attached	So you can floss after you eat. Alt ending: So the crabs can bungee jump.
Q: Why did the blonde jump off the cliff	A: She thought her maxi pad had wings
Why did the clam go to jail	For setting up illegal shell companies!
Why did the feminist cross the road	to suck my dick
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife died.
Why are there no white chinese people	It's because two Wongs don't make a white.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 ganged up with 10 and killed 8 and 9
Why do you put a baby into a blender feet-first	So you can see the look on its face. How do you get said baby out of the blender? Tortilla chips.
Why did Waldo only wear stripes	Because he didn't want to be spotted.
Why is North Korea so depressing	Because it ain't got no Seoul.
Why is money green	Jews pick it before its ripe.
Why don't you see penguins in Britain	Because they're afraid of Wales
Why don't they play CS:GO in the jungle	too many cheetahs
Why didn't the man go to dat place	Cuz dis-place-ment a lot to him.
Why dont you need birth controls when having sex with British boys	They are the earliest to pull out of eu.
Why did the chickens cross the road	To get to their jobs at the Sony headquarters.
Why don't women need umbrellas	Because it doesn't rain in the kitchen.
Why couldn't the blacksmith use lead to create the lock	Because it would have Lead(II) trouble.
Why do people buy smart cars	Because opposites attract.
Why do animal rights activists hate NASA	Because curiosity killed the cat.
Why does Tumblr hate symmetrical shapes	Because they can't even
Why don't Greek people need sex	The government fucks them everyday!
Why was six afraid of seven	because seven was a sixoffender
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow	So that he didn't fall in the hot cocoa.
Why did the solar wind start having hot flashes	It was experiencing magnetopause.
Why's the sink depressed	It's been feeling drained
Why isn't Helen Keller a good driver	Because she's dead.
Why can't Mrs.Clause get pregnant	Santa only comes once a year, and it's always down a chimney.
Why is it easier to shit on fat people	More surface area
Why don't you ever see hippopotamus hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it.
Why should you always keep a firearm in the small room by your front door	Foyer protection
Why doesn't Ted Cruz like doing laundry	Because he always fucks up the delegates.
Why do french tanks have rear mirrors	So they can also see the front lines.
Why can no one win at the Bangkok Olympics	Because it's always a THAI game.
Why did Snoop Dogg go to the store before he sculpted his statue	Fo' chisel.
Why did the Mayor take so long to endorse a Presidential candidate	Because he was running on CP time.
Why did the necromancer fail to meet his quarterly sales goal	He ran his business on a skeleton crew.
Why don't Mexican's cross the border in three's	Because it says no *tres*passing
Why did Hitler kill himself... ...	Because he was being charged for the gas bill
Why did John Wayne get a weiner dog	He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why did the Hipster burn his lip	He drank coffee before it was cool.
Why do Java programmers wear glasses	because they can't C#
Why do birds fly south for the winter	Because it's too far to walk
Why do you only need one egg in France	Because one egg is un oeuf.
Why didn't the kayak owner and yacht owner get along	They didn't have ships in common.
Why are lilypads round	So that it's easier for the hippos to jump on them.
Why did hitler buy glasses	He could NOT SEE.
Why do cicadas stay up all night chirping irregularly, unable to sleep	Their cicadan rhythm is off
Why was the professor cross-eyed	Because he couldn't control his pupils!
Why are uncircumcised people loners	Because they're complete dicks.
Why was the tomato blushing	Because it saw the salad dressing
Why do engineering majors refer to themselves ""engineers""	You don't see literature majors calling themselves Starbucks baristas
Why do dinosaurs climb trees	There's nothing else to climb in the jungle.
why was 6 afraid of 7	fear of commitment due to a lifetime of disappointment and heartbreak
Why is it so hot in a stadium after a football game	Because all the fans have left.
Why couldn't OP make it as a standup comedian	Poor delivery.
Why does spider man so great with his stunts	Because he is Peter Parkour
Why do girls make a ""shhhhh"" noise while peeing and men don't	'Cos men have a 6 inch silencer.
Why was WWI so short	Because they were Russian... Why was WWII so long? They were Stalin...
Why don't little girls fart	They don't get assholes until they're married! (My favorite joke to tell to un-piss off a pissed off woman after I've pissed her off with a woman joke)
Why are Mexicans bad at UNO	They steal all the green cards.
Why did the hippy drown at the beach	Because he was too far out mannnn.
Why does Martin Luther King like jam	Because God bless America
Why did Jesus cross the road	Somebody nailed him to a chicken.
Why did the turkey cross the road	Because he's in my belly and he has to go where ever I go from now on...
Why do Jewish people have big noses	Because air is free.. I'm sorry.
Why can't a W-boson get a girlfriend	He can't even last a femtosecond!
Why british wete at war with nazi germany	Because they couldnt afford another Aryans stealing their tea.
Why are mexicans bad firefighters	Because they cant tell jose from hose B
Why did the comedian without a tongue lose his job	All his jokes were a bit tasteless.
Why are gay guys so good at moving	They are used to getting their shit packed
Why did Nietzche's Shop go out of business	He accepted eternal returns.
Why did jesus take 3 days to resurrect	He got hammered with his buddies.
Why did the teacher cross her eyes	Because she couldn't control her pupils.
Why didn't the USSR get anything done	They were Stalin
Why did the John leave the Brothel	He was sick of the hormones! (whore-moans)
Q: Why did the blonde go half way to Norway and  then turn around and come home	A: It took her that long to discover that a 14 inch Viking was a television.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side
Why did the vampire go crazy at Burger King	He saw all that catsup and wanted a transfusion.
Why did Hugh Glass go to the doctor	Because he felt grizzly after months of unbearable pain.
Why do stoners love couches	Because of their 'cush'ions!
Why do dyslexic children get nothing for Christmas	They are writing to Satan.
Why did the baby fall off the swing	It had no arms.
Why cant Helen Keller drive	She's a woman
Why don't Europeans have foot fetishes	they use the metric system
Why did Hitler like his Adidas's	They were made by his distant relative.
Why did the scarecrow receive a prize	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the angel lose her job	She had harp failure.
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why do beavers spend a fortune on the Internet	They never want to log off.
Why was everyone scared of 7	Because 7 was a registered six offender
Why do Palestinians have faster computers than Israelis	They have RAMallah.
Why did the movie critic give the movie he received on a burned disc a 3.14/5	Because it was pi-rated.
Why are all smart Mexicans guys gay	Because they do their essays.
Why don't you take a shower with a Pokemon	He might Peek at Chu!
Why did Snoop Dog go to cinnabon	Fo' Drizzle
Why did 10 die	Because he was in the middle of 9/11
Why is it called Armageddon	Because everyone will be *ermahgerd*'n
Why was the hobo sad	Because he was in a great depression.
Why'd the Mexican cross the road	He took the chicken's job.
Why didn't the pirate get into the movie	It was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Why did god give women two sets of lips	So they can piss and moan at the same time.
Why do Redditors post pics of East Indian food	For that sweet, sweet Korma...
Why does everybody like South Korea more than North Korea	Because North Korea has no Seoul.
Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil	It's pointless just like this post
Why aren't burgers too good at basketball	Too many turnovers!
Why does Father Christmas go down chimneys	Because they soot him!
Why were all the rednecks sitting around an ordinary potato waiting for it to talk	It was a CommonTater I just made this up I swear
Why was my boss surprised to see me screwing with the IT guy	They said IT couldn't be done
why did the scarecrow win a medal	because he was outstanding in his field
Why should you never high-five a Roman	They might give you Hi-V back!
Why was Helen Keller a bad driver	'cause she's a woman!
Why did the rabbit have trouble hopping	Because he always kept one foot in his pocket for good luck!
Why did Tony cross the road	To get to the other side. He then turned around, stuck up his middle finger and said, ""Hah, you were all expecting a joke, and all you got was an Anthony joke!
Why does Hitler wear boxers in the winter time	He already lost one nut, he doesn't want to lose another!
Why are setups to jokes so important	because seven ate nine.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see its smelly friend Knock knock Whos there Chicken!
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors	If it had 4 doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Why did the black man cross the road	Because he saw the chicken cross the road and wanted to deep fry it.
Why should you attend someone's funeral although you know they won't be attend yours back	Because they will be at your funeral in spirit
Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's	Q:Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's? A: Because they are Haulin' Oats!
Why do bald guys have holes in their pockets	So they can run their fingers through their hair.
Why are all these prostitutes advertising	And what the hell is an egg cunt anyway? [OC]
Why is it called a Wonder Bra	When she takes it off you wonder where her tits went.
Why did the Japanese guy get mad and kick the mushroom	He was sick of all its shiitake.
Why did the man with one hand cross the road	To get to the second-hand shop. I'll show myself out.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	Because his wife died. Also; what is Forest Gump's password? 1Forest1
why aren't there Olympics in Mexico	Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the border
Why do only 2 Mexicans pass the border at once	Because the sign says no trespassing.
Why did Ahmed Mohamed get delayed at the airport	he was on a watch list...
Why are black people always wrong	They have no rights.
Why is there no gang violence on the space station	Because it is a zero G environment.
Why did the Cook cross the road	because there were ""Too Many Cooks"".
Why are Donald Trump's books always do confusing	Because they start at chapter 11.
Why do SJWs hate dentists	Because they want to make teeth straight and white.
Why was the baby in Africa crying	It was having a mid-life crisis.
Why do men become smarter during sex	Because they are plugged into a genius.
Why did the Nazi cross the road	to get to the geno-side.
Why is it tough to make it as a pornstar	Because the competition is stiff.
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party	To find a tight seal.
Why is modern porn so awful	! What is that clitoris drum-like slapping?! What do we teach our kids?!
Why don't women need watches	There's a clock on the stove.
Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road	A: To meet the chick.
Why did the fire fighter call off work to spend time with his friend	Because...bros before hose!
Why did Captain Hook cross the road	To get to the second hand shop
Why doesn't Tyrannosaurus Rex fly	They're all dead!
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;M's	Because of the holes in his hands.
Why does the new new French navy have glass bottomed boats	So they can see the old French navy.
Q: Why don't they know where Mozart is buried	A: Because he's Haydn!
Why can't a tyranosaurus clap	It's extinct
Why do people with Ocd never have diarrhea	They got their shit in order.
Why did Daniel LaRusso suffer from sexual frustration	He wouldn't whacks off
Why do people go into technical jobs	Because they suck at communicating so hard, they'd rather fuck a computer
Why do farts smell	so deaf people can enjoy them too.
[OC] Why did the mortgage broker go out of business	Because he lost interest.
Why couldn't the Duke of Esterhazy find his music composer	Because he was Haydn.
Why was the energizer bunny arrested	He got a battery charge.
Why did the gum cross the road	Because it was under the elephants foot.
Why did the turkey walk across the road twice	He didn't want to be called chicken
Why was the Robot angry at the engineer	Because he screwed his wife!
Why do old men take Viagra	.. It stops them from rolling out of bed.
Why do women wear make up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why did the rooster cross the road	To go to the toilets, where all the cocks hang out
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy	He was too far out, man.
Why did the bicycle fall over	Because it was two tired.
Why don't Barbie and Ken have kids	Ken came in a different box.
why are all jewish men circumcised	because jewish women won't touch anything unless it's at least 10% off.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road	Because the chicken didn't exist.
Why couldn't the Dukes of Hazard visit Mecca	Because that's just a little bit more than Allah will allow.
Why did the chicken run across the road	She was worried the egg would get there first.
Why don't sea creatures get divorced	Because they can't afford abalone.
Why did the mom cry as her baby Richard became older	Her little Dick was growing.
Why did I leave my grades at the orphanage	I couldn't raise them
why does traditional Irish chili only have 239 beans in it	...if it had one more, it would be ""teew faarty
Why did the gynecologist giggle during the pap smear	I don't know. It was an inside joke.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	NSFW Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why does carpet never make a sound	It's the world's quietest pervert.
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize	He was outstanding in his field.
Why are dentists usually always male	Because they like to be in other peoples mouths.
Why do bachelors like smart women	Because they're so rare.
Why should you never tell jokes on the ice	The ice might crack up! I use this at the beginning of conversations... it's a reall ice breaker.
Why did the Chinese man fall down the stairs	He was shot in the face.
Why were some people living in the 80s so healthy	Because they had good high jeans
Why can you only date girls named Ana	... ...because I got a tattoo that says Ana
Why did the chicken cross the pathway	By doing so, he got to the other side. Romney 2012.
Why did the banker leave his job	he lost interest
Why did the nazi refuse to drink lemonade	He hated acidic juice.
Why couldn't the gay guy cross the road	He had to go straight.
Why won't you ever see an American slav squatting	Because his spurs will get stuck up his asshole!
Why can't rock climbing instructors get dates	Because they rappel men and women.
Why are people at Star Wars conventions so happy	Because of the Endor-fans.
Why did the one-fifth go to the masseuse	Because he was two-tenths
Why do the Germans use commas in place of decimal points	Because it makes 6,000,000 seem like a much smaller number.
Why was the washing machine laughing	Because it was taking the piss out of the undies
Why did Jesus die on the cross	He forgot the safe word.
Why was the landlord seeing a psychiatrist	He had an apartment complex.
Why are some people so odd	Because they can't even.
Why are executioners so rich	Because they make a killing
Why are there no living cats on Mars	Because curiosity killed them all.
Why doesn't Mexico have a good Olympic team	Because all the ones that can run, jump and swim are already in America.
Why did the pigs paint their hoofs green	It was Saint Patrick's Day.
Why do aliens only abduct white people	Because they are easier to see in the dark.
Why was Hitler diagnosed with blindness	Because he could nazi anyone.
Why did Jim die from eating at an Italian restaurant	Because he asked for 'ebola spaghetti'
Why is Thor's brother always overlooked	Because he's low key.
Why do whales have really good immune systems	They consume a lot of vitamin SEA!
Why dont witches wear panties	So they can grip the broom.
Why is it a bad idea for China to become a democracy	Do you know how hard it would be to orchestrate a national erection
why is peter pan always in the air	Because he neverlands
Why the carpenter is always constipated	Because his stool so hard!
Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand	The Indians just kept coming and coming
Why don't black people like tylenol	Because its white and it works.
Why did Marie from Everybody Loves Raymond never get a divorce	She didn't want an ex Ray Edit: I meant debra
Why should you not let your kids go to Korean Discos	Because you don't want them hanging around Parks at night.
Why dont witches wear underwear	So they can get a good grip on the broomstick
Why is the ocean salty	Because the land doesn't wave back
Why did Sweden change their immigration politics	Because their Zoos ran out of room.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't confuse them for feminists.
Why are there so many Asians	Its the food. There is too much raw dog. Heard it on Adam Carolla's Podcast. A caller phoned in and told it to Adam. Thought you guys would like it.
Why is the dog man's best friend	He has to have someone to blame the farts on.
Why arent There Many jewish gardeners	Because money doesnt grow on trees
Why does it take southerners so long to do their chores	Because slavery is illegal.
Why don't I like trees	They look kinda shady to me
Why don't Amish people water ski	Because their horses would drown.
Why did the astronomer break up with his girlfriend	He just needed some space.
Why do people have sex when they go camping	Because it's fucking in tents!
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	A: Conservation of momentum. _____ *Also, give me your best dark jokes, I've been out of it a few years and I need to get some new material.*
Why did the lemon go sour	Because it had Lemon-Aids
Why don't biology and physics get on	They lack chemistry.
Why did the suicide bomber explode on the train	To get to the other side.
Why is Donald Trump like a Gibbering Mouther from DnD	Both are all mouth and no balls.
Why did little Sally fall off the swing	She had no arms. Knock knock Who's there? Obviously not Sally
Why did Regina George's dog only play keep-away	because fetch is not going to happen.
Why was the jacket stinky	Because it was a windbreaker.
Why can't you trust an Adam	They make up everything.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	Because he's a fucking skeleton. He's dead and shit.
Why is six afraid of seven	Cause seven said, ""I'm gonna stab you, bitch!
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning
Why did the music industry talent scout take a course in game programming	He thought it would help him with his hit detection.
Why is it so quiet when pterodactyls use the restroom	Their P is silent.
Why did the man that drank 10 cups of poisoned Lipton not die	He drank so much poison it built his immuni-tea.
Why don't Muslims fight each other often	Cause they don't want no beef Edit: I'm going to crawl back into my hole now
Why did the overweight actor fall through the theater floor	It was just a stage he was going through
Why don't blind people go bungee jumping	Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why do college frat boys drink before bathing	Buds before suds, bro.
Why did the sandwich shop sound terrible	It was out of tuna...
Why didn't the people in the movie Armageddon just hold up a big sheet of paper when the meteor was coming	Paper beats rock...
Why did God create man before woman	He didn't want any advice.
why does mommy cry when she cuts onions	she feels guilty cuz she stole them. see *lifts son onto lap* your mother likes to steal onions
Why was the apricot late to the party	He got stuck in a jam.
Why are monsters huge and hairy and ugly	- Because if they were small and round and smooth they'd be  M&M's
Why did the Blonde go to a Phone Repairman to get her anus bleached	Because she needed help changing her ring tone.
Why did the Agnostic cross the road	We don't have enough evidence to say for sure.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl peeing	Because the p is silent. Yes. My 9 year old cracked me up with that just now.
Why do terds taper at the end	So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
Why is a sofa like a roast chicken	Because they're both full of stuffing !
Why Is Chemistry Racist	It's very selective. Edit. My first time making a joke. I know I can't make a joke. This is not directed at anyone.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was out-standing in his field.
Why do bees stay in their hive during Winter	Swarm.
Why Weren't There Many Jokes in the Dark Ages	No one could perform the execution well enough.
Why all Tickle me Elmo dolls are male	They all get two test tickles before they leave the factory.
Why was the pirate arrested for polygamy	He kept on and on about his mateys.
Why did 9 bust 1	Because 6 8 9
Why didn't the bicycle cross the road	...he was two-tired...
Why do dogs lick their balls	Because they can.
Why did the console peasants walk across the road	To render the building on the other side.
Why did the funny kid in class have no friends	The rest of the students were scared of class clowns...
Why was C afraid	Because other alphabets were **NOT-Cs**
Why did the Star Wars movies come out in the sequence 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3	Because in charge of sequence, Yoda was.
Why wouldn't the piglet's mother let her read romantic novels	She was afraid her daughter would run away with a wolf.
Why shouldn't ISIS be destroying ancient Mesopotamian buildings	Because it's frowned upon in Islam to smoke ziggurats.
Why is pound cake called pound cake	Because it pounds your anus!
Why did the /r/jokes subscriber cross the road	To shitpost ""DAE hate Trump and Hillary?
Why do people always ask me for directions	I have no clue where I am going. I am sure i have sent 100's of people into the ocean.
Why do orphans like playing tennis	Because it's the only love they get.
Why do they use liquid soap in the Navy	Takes longer to pick up.
Why do bacteria congregate in public places	It's a part of their culture.
Why did Walter White not pay for his pizza	Because it was on the house.
Why did James Comey refuse to indict Hillary Clinton	Because he found his suicide note in her Wikileaks emails.
Why didn't the comedian make a tree joke	He wood have, but he decided to leaf it to other branches of the community.
Why weren't the baked beans heating up	They were just chilling
Why do a lot of math nerds wear glasses	It helps with division.
Why is it so hard to give up fizzy drinks	That shits like liquid Coke!
Why did the director yell at Kick at the set of Punchkicker 5	Because he said Punch's line.
Why did they produce a reality show about midgets	Because they only wanted a little drama.
Why is PMS called PMS	Because 'Mad Cow Disease' was taken!
Why is the moon tastier than Earth	It's meteor.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank the coffee before it was cool.
Why are you so pissed	You asked me what turns me on and all I said was you not talking...
Why do people who smoke weed take geology	Because they're STONERS!
Why cant miss piggy count to 70	Because when she gets to 69 she gets a frog in her throat.
Why do mathematicians have a hard time moving on in relationships	Because they're always trying to find the x. They don't know y, either.
Q: Why do bees have sticky hair	A: They use honeycombs.
Why did Mario always bring Toad to parties	Toad was a fungi.
Why do you have to pee so quickly after you start drinking beer	Because it doesn't have to stop off to change color!
Why should you never play poker with a crocodile	You will lose every hand.
Why does the Mexican Olympic team always do so badly	Because anyone who can swim, run, or climb is already in America.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 had a gun.
Why did the sushi cross the road	Sushi could get to the other side.
Why are there no elderly people in Africa	They all die when they turn aidy.
Why did the tiger get lost in the jungle	Because the jungle is massive!
Why should you not argue with a decimal	Because decimals always have a point.
Why did the terrorist go to Sonic	To have a Blast!
Why isn't North Korea democratic	Because Kim Jung Un doesn't want a public erection
Why was Hitler so obsessed about getting into heaven	Because there were 6 million Jews waiting for him in hell.
Why does Santa deliver all the presents	Because it's for a good clause
Why are there gay aliens on mars	Because curiosity got the best of them.
Why does SnoopDogg always carry an umbrella	Fo Drizzle
Why did the wizard wear a yellow robe to the Halloween party	He was going as a banana.
Why do Native Americans hate snow	Because it's white and settles on their land.
Why do Buddhist monks have such sour faces	Because they're acetic.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	Because he's very well off and he can afford the finest ingredients.
Why do cemeteries have fences	Because people are dying to get in.
Why did the genie turn the man into a toad	He rubbed him the wrong way.
Why cant Gingers make shoes	They wouldn't have a sole.
Why did the redneck take his cat to Walmart after running over it's tail with the lawn mower	Because they're the largest re-tail-er
Why is gravity the weakest of the 4 fundamental forces	Because it doesn't even lift.
Why are british employees fat	Because they get paid by the pound
Why did the scout leader get arrested	They caught him eating a brownie
Why was the girl's bellybutton bruised	Because her boyfriend was blind.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She didn't wear a seatbelt.
Why should you distrust atoms	Because they make up an awful lot of stuff. EDIT: Because I forgot about neutrinos.
Why are some jokes so funny	-Doctor, Doctor why are some jokes so painfully funny? -It must be the punchline
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	Because the ref was blowing a foul.
Why do seagulls live by the sea	Because if they live by the bay, they would be bagels!
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff	Tequila.
Why can't mites race in NASCAR	Because mites make rights, not lefts.
Why do black people cry during sex	Because of the mace.
Why did God invent Yeast infections	So woman know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt!
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with only 1 hand	because she is moaning with the other.
Why do the walking dead survivors try to get to washington D.C.	Because it's their Michonne.
Why are American police officers so bad at snooker	They always shoot the black
Why did the cat join the Red Cross	Because she wanted to be a first-aid kit !
Why do women have legs	So they don't make trails like snails.
Why did simba's father die in a stampede	?? Because he couldn't mufasa!!!
Why do some places have keys for the restroom	They're afraid somebody might steal their shit.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns	because they taste funny
Why can't you play peek-a-boo with Jesus	Because he has holes in his hands
Why do Australians have a well balanced walk	They've a chip on both shoulders
Why did the Red Hot Chili Peppers cross the road	Because they wanted to be taken to the other side.
Why shouldn't happy people hang out with crustaceans	They get crabby! Badum tsss.
Why don't pirates ever have girlfriends	Because all the women they know are hookers.
Why can't Ganondorf go on the internet	There are too many Links.
Why did the guitarist get life in prison	He fingered a minor.
Why do Nazis hate Canadian summers	They're mostly Julys.
Why do horses make terrible congressmen	Because they can only say ""neigh!"" I wish this was a joke made up by my 7 year old cousin, but she's imaginary.
Why did the Jonestown jokes never catch on	The punchlines were too long.
why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about america	because freedom rings.
Why are the Ninja Turtles on the No-Fly list	Because they are members of an underground Splinter cell.
Why did the crab jump out of the water	Because the SeaWeed..
Why are sewer covers called manholes	If they were called womanholes, guys would keep trying to get in.
Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings
Why couldn't the skeleton hurt itself	Because it didn't have the nerves.
Why did the hipster fail chemistry	He thought the bond was ironic.
Why do North Korean officials are always seen holding a notebook and a pen when they're near Kim Jong Un	They're writing their last will and testament.
Why are all German cats dead	They have nein lives.
Why did the entrepreneur decide to go into the landfill business	He heard it was a growing field.
Q: Why was the musician arrested	A: He got in treble.
Why Pyongyang the capital of North Korea	It is the same noise the elastic bands that launch their nuclear missiles make
Why did the baker have brown hands	He kneaded a poo
Why was the boat disobedient	Nobody gave it a stern talking to.
Why didn't kids make fun of argon in high school	They never got a reaction out of him.
Why are under-endowed men likely to get lucky with homeopathic physicians	Because they like their dicks vanishingly small ...
Q: Why don't blondes eat Jelly	A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads.
Why did the mathematician celebrate 4/20 on January 5	Because he knows how to reduce fractions.
Why didn't ken and barbie ever have kids	Because ken always comes in a different box.
Why was 9 afraid of 20	28 29's
Why was the Berlin Wall torn down	It didn't match with the iron curtains.
Why did the muslim with a toothache go to the airport	For a free cavity search.
Why can't Nietzsche use pencils	Because they're all pointless
Why doesn't Jesus like M&amp;M's	Because they fall through his hands.
Why are a good majority of Americans obese	At least the food won't take away their rights. Do a little oppression of their own.
Why was the girl stuck in the revolving door for two weeks	cuz she couldn't find the door handle
Why didn't the circle want to become 3 dimensional	S'fear.
Why did the girl spray her clock	It was full of ticks.
Q: Why was the teacher cross-eyed	A: He couldn't control his pupils.
Why did the priest smoke weed in the cemetery	He wanted to keep his spirits high.
Why don't roosters wear underwear	Their peckers are on their heads.
Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbered packs	Because they can't even.
Why didn't anyone show up to Kim Jong-il's funeral	The reports of his death were unbereavable.
Why am I scared of french pastry chefs	They give me the crepes.
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because D-shells are too big and B- shells are too small. *A random elderly woman just stopped in the street in front off where I was sitting and told me this. Awesome*
Why was Oedipus against profanity	Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Why did the console gamer cross the road	To render the other side.
Why can't you reveal someone's private information online while flying	Because that would be a para-dox.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women only want things that are 20% off.
Why do vampires drink virgin blood	If you were going to eat a sandwich, you would enjoy it more knowing no one had fucked it
Why didn't the NSA request AT&amp;T's phone records	Because they can't monitor all those dropped calls!
Why can't Polack women use vibrators	They chip their teeth.
Why do the Lanisters have such big beds	Because they push 2 twins together to make a king.
Why were the Twin Towers upset	They ordered pepperoni but they got plane
Why didn't the TSA let the chair through security	It was armed.
Why did the vampire sit on a pumpkin	It wanted to play squash.
Why were there only 40,000 Mexicans at the Battle of the Alamo	They only had 2 trucks
Why did the guy having sex with a latina girl bust his load early	Because ""Ay papi!
Why is Reddit full of liberals	All the conservatives are out working.
Why do Russians like pho so much	... BECAUSE THEIR SO VIET :3
Why did the pedophile cross the road	He found out he was actually 991 feet from the playground.
Why can't you keep Jews in jail	They eat lox!
Why do Jewish people watch porn backwards	They like the part where the prostitute pays them
Why did the chicken cross the road	Husband: Honey, do you know why the chicken crossed over? Wife: No, why? Husband: Because it was from your side!
Why does tigger smell	Becuase he hangs around with pooh! Had to share my 5 year olds joke..
Why is Xbox 360's successor called Xbox One and not Xbox 720	Cos 720 is 1
Why do chicken coops have 2 doors	Because if they had 4 doors it would be chicken sedans.
Why did the cod sue the fish and chip shop	Assault and battery. Sorry again. I'm bored in work.
Why is having fun with a prostitute like bungee jumping	Because if the rubber breaks, you're dead.
Why aren't Pokemon very good dancers	They can only learn 4 moves.
Q: Why can't you hear a viola on a digital recording	A: Recording technology has reached such an advanced level of development that all extraneous noise is eliminated.
Why do babies make bad mechanics	They have poorly developed motor skills.
Why do Electricians make terrible revolutionaries	They know resistance is a waste of energy.
Why don't I enjoy certain middle eastern food	Because it just makes me falafel.
why don't women wear watches	there's a perfectly good one on the stove
Why do Irishmen drink all the time	You would too if you were a ginger
Why is taking spanish 2 so awesome	You get a lot of puse.
Why did the sun-praiser receive the full inheritance from his grandmother	Because he was the Solaire!
Why do cows wear bells	Because their horns don't work...
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt
Why was the lobster upset	Because he found out his friends thought he was a little crabby!
Why is a dog so warm in Summer	He wears a coat and pants.
Why can't you tell puns to a kleptomaniac	because they take everything literally (p.s. you can steal this joke if you want)
Why Didn't the skeleton cross the road	Because he didnt hav the guts :P
Why did we skip windows 9	Because 7 8 9 I'm so sorry
Why did a physician go to prison	His medical license was doctored.
Why should you not shop for plywood	You'll get bored.
why are black people so tall	because their knee grows
Why would people always stand still to hide from Martin Luther King Jr.	His vision was based on movements.
Why do churches ban Wifi Networks	Because they don't want to compete with an invisible connection that actually works.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
Why was everybody too afraid to go to the barber	He committed barbercide.
Why were there no feminists in Communist China	Because everyone had equal rice.
Why can't you trick an aborted baby	Because it was not born yesterday.
Why does Mexico always do so poorly in the olympics	Anyone who could run, swim or jump made it to the USA.
Why did the toast drop his ice-cream	He had butterfingers!
Why was 5 afraid of 7	[Because 6, 7 8.](http://www.reocities.com/Area51/Meteor/9836/yoda/yodafunface2.jpg)
Why did the architect have his house made backwards	So he could watch the football
Why don't owls make love in the rain	Because it's too wet to woo.
Why did the snowman take his pants off	Because he heard the snow blower coming.
Why do Black people like Kia so much	Because it has Soul.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs	Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? A: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing the chickens.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why were the pirates on the ship fighting	They needed better anchor management.
Why is a vagina similar to the weather	Because when it's wet, it's time to go insiiiiide!
Why can't Ganondorf use the Internet	There's too many Links.
Why don't lobsters share their dinner	Because they're shellfish!!!
Q: Why are manhole covers round	A: Because if they were square, you couldn't play twiddlywinks with them.
Why did it take three burly Boy Scouts to help the old lady across the street	Because she didn't want to go.
Why was the tree soooo happy	Because he didn't arbor any feelings!
Why can't Jamaicans count to 10	Because there's a *tree* in the way!
Why did the girltree fall in love with the boy tree	He was sappy
Why did the guitar teacher get arrested	For fingering A minor.
Why do women parachutists wear jock straps	So they don't whistle on the way down.
Why do blacks raise chickens	To teach their kids how to walk.
Why did no one come to the ghost's party	[OC] The h was in charge of the invitations.
Why don't blondes wear mini skirts in San Francisco	Their balls will show.
Why does Peter Dinklage drink Smirnoff	Because he can't reach for the Grey Goose
Why did Rolf Harris leave Animal Hospital	He heard they were getting hares and lost interest!
Why can't you barbecue in Amsterdam	Because the steaks are too high.
Why did AMD release black edition cpu	Cause they run faster than white.
Why are all comic book readers drug addicts	They just can't resist the heroine.
Why was six scared of seven	Because seven ""ate"" nine.
Why did the fox cross the road	Cause there was a billion fucking chickens on the other side.
Why does the coffee taste like shit	Because it was ground this morning.
Why did the chicken cross the road	He cannot comprehend the concept of a road. He is just looking for food.
Why is your Girlfriend like KFC	Because after you're done eating you throw your bone in a greasy box.
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President	Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
Why was Hitler late for work	He tried driving a new route to work, but instead of taking the second left, he took the third reich.
Why does Bob Seger always laugh when he plays chess	He thinks it's funny how the Knight moves.
Why do Mexicans walk around school like they own the place	Their dads built it and their moms clean it.
Why do people say,""You can't make this stuff up	Nope. Not true at all. You can literally make up anything you want anytime.
Why shouldn't you tell a philosophy major a joke	They don't find them Hume-erous.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own	It's two tired
Why doesn't Dwayne Johnson's downstairs neighbor understand references to current events	He's been living under The Rock.
Why is New Jersey called the Garden State	Cause you're always guardin' your wallet, guardin' your car, and guardin' your house.
Why can't you hear a red heads footsteps	Because they walk so gingerly
Why do politicians take laxatives	So they can speak more fluently
Why will I go down in history	I dunno, but I'll go down in math and chemistry too.
Why are farmers the best at what they do	They are out standing in their field.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children	Because every time his wife gets hot, he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel.
Why couldn't the sailors play cards	Because the Captain was stood on the deck!
Why should you avoid people dressed as celery	They could be stalking you!
Why are there so few casinos in Africa	Too many cheetahs
Q: Why did the pacifist /b/tard try to calm everyone down	**A:** He did it for the *lullz*
Why was the man with no arms or legs the BEST party host	Because no matter what, when you get to the front door you will always see a welcome Matt.
Why do people traveling east out of Sweden get a metal	Because they're crossing the Finnish line.
Why does it take more than a million sperms to fertilize one egg	1) Female Ego... Rejection without Reason! 2) Male Ego... Won't Ask For Directions!
Why do pirates have trouble walking	Arrrr-thritis
Why did the baker get smelly fingers	Because he needed a poo.
Why does the pedophile like minecraft	Because he liked playin around all those miners.
Why are Eastern-Europeans so racist on average	They're waiting for one more dictator to treat them like animals before confirming that racism sucks.
Why do meth-heads do it doggystyle	So they can both look out the window.
Why can't penguins fly	They're too short to reach the controls of the plane.
Q: WHY ARE BLONDES LIKE PIANOS	A: When they aren't upright they're grand.
Why did Samsung make the Galaxy Note 7 waterproof	It can't catch fire underwater... I think.
Why do scuba divers always jump backwards off the boat	If they jumped forwards, they would still be on the boat! Sorry.
Why was Hitler late to his meeting	He couldn't HEIL a cab.
Why did Kevin's Ice cream fall down	Because he was hit by a truck
Why do gangsters save so much money on clothes	'Cause all their pants are half-off
Q:Why did the banana walk out of the movie theater	A:the film didn't appeal to him.
Why is someone who borrows money but does not  pay it all back like a football player	Because sometimes he gives you a quarter back and sometimes a half back.
Why did the local university invite a foreign chemist	Florine talent.
why did Adele cross the street	To say hello...from the other side
Q: Why did the clown wear loud socks	A: So  his feet wouldn't fall asleep.
Why can't you hear a dog whistle	Because they have a hard time puckering their lips the right way.
Why can't Mexicans play Uno	They'll steal all the green cards
Why do conservatives want everyone to own a gun	They have to justify killings blacks somehow.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because... Windows 7 8 9.
Why did the condom fly across the room	He was pissed off!
Why do black people like fried chicken	Because its delicious.
Why does the boss put clocks under employee's desk	Because he wanted them to work over-time~
Why did Kobe Bryant go to New Jersey after he got arrested	Because he needed one.
Why is French body armour so cheap	They only need it for their back
Why can't witches have babies	Because their husbands have hollow-weenies.
Why don't people hang out with the mushroom	He isn't a fungi.
Why did the viper viper nose	Because the adder adder hankerchief !
why are terrorists so popular at parties	Because They're the bomb
Why is african education so behind	Because instead of learning their abcs they learn their stds
Why should Donald Trump be grateful to Mexicans	The power of belief in chupacabras is all that keeps his hair in this world.
Why shouldn't you play American football with feminists	Because they'll constantly shift the goal posts.
Why didn't Santa give presents to any world leaders	Because he thinks they're part of the illumi-naughty
Why couldn't Edward leave the Airport	Because he was Snowden...
Why does ISIS only drink drip coffee	Because they hate French Press!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay they would be called bagels.
Why did the restaurant fire the pansexual	Because he kept fucking the cookware.
why can't coffee conduct electricity	because it is grounded
Why do the Vietnamese never eat fruits	Because they had a bad experience with oranges.
Why is Santa always so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why is Donald Trump such a surprise	People did Nazi him coming.
Why can't Saudi woman drive	There's no road from the kitchen to the bedroom.
Why are people supporting Donald Trump	Because he has what plants crave; electrolytes.
Why is Microsoft coming out with a windows 10 instead of 9	Because 7 8 9
Why did the porn star end up in the E.R.	One too many blows to the head. My only original joke. I'll see myself out.
Why did the salmon cross the road	To get to the front page
Why did the pedophile get a job at the bakery	because he likes his buns fresh from the oven.
Why did the sun wear sunglasses	To protect himself from UV Rays
Why was 110 afraid of 111	Because 111 1000 1001
Why does Oregon Ducks need such big suitcases	Because they Pac-12 of everything
Why did the arena get hot after the game	All of the fans left
Why do cows wear bells around there neck	Because there horns don't work. :)
Why does /r/fencing suck so bad	Half of it is ripostes
Why doesn't the gastroenterologist have any friends	He's always talking shit.
Why did the piglets do badly in school	They were all slow loiners.
Why do priests wear underwear in the shower	They don't like to look down on the unemployed
Why were there balloons in the bathroom	There was a birthday potty.
Why did the football coach call his quarterback a hairdresser	Because he missed a split-end on a curl.
Why don't you buy sunscreen from Steve Irwin	Because it doesn't protect you from harmful rays
Why don't blacks celebrate thanksgiving	It's hard to be thankful when KFC is closed
Why do circumcised men lack Jedi brethren	The procedure removes their force-kin.
Why shouldn't you believe a person in bed	Because he is lying.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican	They steal all the green cards.
Why can't the incredible hulk find a girlfriend	Because all the girls know he just wants to smash
Why did /u/JokeOverExplainBot cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why is Boromir such a hit at orgies	Because when he blows his horn everyone comes ;)
Why does Mitt Romney never win at Jenga	Because he takes too much from the bottom and middle and gives it to the top.
Why did the prisoners switch to liquid soap in the shower	Because it's harder to pick up.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay they'd be baygulls
Why do black people not go on cruises	They won't fall for that one again.
Why did the monster drink ten liters of  antifreeze	So that he didn't have to buy a winter coat.
Why did they have to put Michael Jackson down	Because he couldn't race anymore!
Why did Windows skip 9	Because 7 ate 9.
Why don't blind people like skydiving	It scares the crap out of the dog.
Why did Faraday shop at the discount bird cage store	Because of their great buy one, get one free of charge deals.
Why Sachin Tendulkar never sweat	Because he has huge fans!
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because 7 8 9.
Why do bakers start working so early in the morning	Because they knead dough.
Why can't deer get marred	Because they can't elope
Why don't you mess with one-ply toilet paper	It doesn't take shit from anyone
Why did the strawberry cry	Because his mother was in a jam.
Why do aardvarks like to talk to ants	They can stick to the subject!
Why did the man open a rooftop bar	He wanted to have drinks on the house.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To prove to the squirrels that it can be done.
Why was the bird sick	It had the flew and its throat was soar.
Why do mountains make people laugh	Because they're hill-areas!
Why did butcher and doctor both have go to same bar	meat cleaver or outside they both drink bar alcohol. Then doctor said ""what about the other guy"" (Other guy is guy who is meat)
Why did the window blush	Because it could see the weather changing.
Why don't witches wear panties	They get a better grip on their brooms!
Why did the doe give the faun an umbrella	In case of reindeer. And because I caribou.
Why is Donald Trump's pet bee so unwilling to share information	It's a cagey bee.
Why is Santa always so jolly	He knows where the naughty girls live.
Why did the Dollar note become 4 Quarters	Because it wanted ""to change"". *ducks*
Why did the sheriff arrest the tree	Because its leaves rustled.
Why are dwarfs so good at math	Because it's the little things that count.
Why was the broom late	It overswept. *BadJokesBestJokes.*
Why was the burrito embarrassed	It saw the salad dressing.
Why was the doctor stressed	He was losing his patients
Why do midgets laugh when they run	The grass tickles their balls.
Why do cannabis smokers call that tiny device that holds the butt of a cigarette a roach-clip	...because ""pot holder"" was already taken.
Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes	He wanted to go bear foot.
Why was the ghost sad on Halloween	He ain't have no boo
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip	To get to the same side!
Why did the blond get fired from the M&amp;M factory	Because she kept throwing out all the W's
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip	To get to the same side.
Why does my abusive mother hate vegetables	Beats me.
Why did the baker not allow greedy people to eat his goods	Because he wanted his produce to be glutton free.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat	Because if they fell forward, they'd still be on the boat.
Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall	To make up for a lousy summer!
Why did Cinderella get kicked off for the soccer team	She kept running from the ball.
Why does pushing my finger against a bottle of Pepsi make me sad	Because it's soda pressing.
Why do people say children are the future	They are clearly the present. Old people are the future.
Why do people get addicted to meth	Because they didn't think of the aftermeth.
Why did the psych ward escapee never get married	He had a fear of commitment
Why do blck men cry when they make love to white women	Mace...
Why do baked bean cans contain only 239 beans	Because if they had one more, they would be 240.
Why do divers fall backwards out of the boat	Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Why did the citizen run for Sewer Commissioner	He thought it was his civic doodie!
Why the largest state in US has their own Airlines	Alaska
Why don't ants get sick	Because of their tiny little anty bodies
Why shouldn't you take the Fourier transform of a square pulse while on a boat	Because you don't wanna sinc!
Why didn't anyone hear Helen Keller fall off a cliff	She had mittens on.
Why did the scarecrow get the job	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why did Hitler called it ethnic cleansing	He showered them.
Why can't puns be explained to kleptomaniacs	Because they always take things literally
Why do Transformers always have their heads in the clouds	They're robots in da skies.
Why did the cheerleader get kicked out on her last day of school	[x-post from /r/punny ] Because you can't end on a prep position.
Why don't ants get sick	They have little antibodies
Why did the illiterate man with the 11 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend	TLDR
Why can't American engineers design linear actuators	Because they always try to maximize the degrees of freedom.
Why did the mosquito go to the dentist	To improve his bite !
Why did Chris Christie cross the road	Because chicken is fucking delicious!
Why did Donald Trump defend the size of his dick	Cuz he's gonna use it to fuck the Republican party.
Why shouldn't you buy Russian underpants	Because Chernobyl fallout.
Why do tampons find it so hard to make friends	They're all stuck-up cunts.
Why are jerks nice sometimes	Standard deviation of the mean (OC, as far as I know)
Why did i buy a black phone	So it would run faster!!
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because they weren't born yesterday.
Why did the bear eat his phone	It was a black berry...
Why does Kevin Bacon not get more leading roles in Hollywood	Because it's not kosher. http://36.media.tumblr.com/cb0ad7dd38767e0fc2363665afdb5cdd/tumblr_inline_ntae7hsEL21tw80r8_1280.jpg
Why were there coffe beans at the subway station	Because they were under-ground.
Why is Paris the city of love	Hard P and a soft A. Modified from comment section of reddit
Why legalize weed	Because it's 2015... http://i.imgur.com/PmlEqZ9.jpg
Why do black people never sleep	Because the last one who had a dream got shot
Why sacrifice virgins	Because they've done nothing to deserve it.
Why Donald Trump will be one term president	One can only trump the nation once!
Q: Why do men become smarter during sex	A: Because they are plugged into a genius.
Why didn't the melons get married	Because they cantaloupe!
Why was the scare crow given an award	Because he is outstanding in his field.
Why are Gay and Lesbian parades always held in the Summer	Because Pride comes before a Fall.
Why don't debutantes like group sex	Too many Thank You notes to write.
Why are black people so tall	Because their kneegrows
Why is Peter Pan always flying around	Because he can never never land
Why is mustard good to have in case of an emergency	It's always prepared.
Q: Why do they have so much trouble with the  phone systems in China	A: Because there are so many Wings and so many Wongs that someone's always Winging the Wong number.
Why weren't the eggplants allowed into the mushroom party	Because there wasn't much room and they aren't fun guys.
Why did Superman dump Lois for Wonder Woman	He decided he wanted to date someone in the same League.
Why do meth heads love Halloween	Three sleeps 'till Christmas!
Why do all black men have nightmares	The one with a dream was shot.
Why couldn't the chicken come to dinner	he didn't seem truss worthy.
Why did the female warrior prefer the armor smith over the weapon smith	The weapon smith was a bit rapier
Why did the mexican push his wife over the bridge	Tequila
Why don't Jews play basketball	Because even if they miss the shot, they still ask for change.
Why does a man only get half-hour lunch-breaks	So his boss doesn't have to retrain him.
Why are Asians bad at golf	They don't know how to drive.
Why did the Polak cross the road	He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Why did the pioneers cross the country in covered wagons	Because they didn't want to wait 40 years for a train !
Why do men name their penises	Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
Why is the Pharaoh a rare tuba player	Because he Toots Uncommon.
Why do you go to bed	Because the bed will not come to you.
Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road	To get to the other bribe
Why did the spy cross a road	Because he never was on your side.
Why do we carve pumpkins for Halloween	Because they're less bloody.
Why do hippies wear patchouli	So blind people can hate them, too.
Why was 6 happy to see 7	Because 7 ate 9.
Why did Spock dump his wife	....because William Shatner I know it's old, but I love it so
Why can't the dutch fly	Because they netherland.
Why did Jon snow stand in line at the Apple store	For the watch!
Why is Trump so keen to build a wall to keep out Mexican rapists	He's afraid of the competition.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say,""HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE!"" (ba dum tss)
Why do I only ran through campsites	Because it's past tents
Why did the chicken cross the rode	To get to the other side.
Why do people looking for motivational seminars and people attending bodybuilding competitions keep accidentally going to each other's events	They both want personal growth.
Why was there a whale in Wales in a well	We're not sure, its a deep subject....
Why do sharks swim in salt water	Because pepper water makes them sneeze!
Why doesn't Pakistan have its national football team	Whenever they get a corner, they will set up a shop.
Why did no one ever consider Tony Stark (the Iron Man) a protagonist	Because he was always cited as the Anthony hero.
Why is Oklahoma so windy	Because Kansas sucks, and Texas blows
Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico	Because they couldn't find a virgin or three wise men.
Why do they call a ""pap-smear"" a ""pap-smear""	Because it sounds a lot better than ""cunt-scrape"".
Why did Bossy slug Roy Rogers	She heard he was a cowpuncher!
Why were all the other vegetables afraid of celery	because celery stalks
Q: Why did the boy bring a ladder to chorus	A: He wanted to sing higher!
Why are people giving something up for lint	I'm sweeping that shit up every day if you want some more.
Why did the feminist cross the road	To kick a sleeping homeless man in the head and steal his money
Why is the next Windows version 10 and not 9	Because 7 ate(8) 9!
Why Colonel had a bunch of underwears	Because, Brigadier General asked him to debrief his team.
Why don't pirates like anal	Because they hate having to clean the poop dick.
Why do rednecks like to do it doggie style	So they both can watch Nascar.
Why did the kids tell jokes to the mirror	They wanted to see it crack up!
Why is it that there aren't much natural oil resources in China	They ate all the dinosaurs
Why did the bacteriologist quit her job	She hated being microbe-managed.
Why do librarians like the wind	It says, ""Shhh!"" all day!
Why was Jesus the father of exercise	Because he was cross fit
Why is the door knob	Because the key. (ok, i will show myself out)
Why did the wizards wife have hickeys on her neck	Because he was a neck-romancer....
why did the tomato blush	.. he saw the salad dressing!
Why did the hipster drown	They tried to skate on the river before it was cool.
Why was Cleopatra angry	She was on her pyramid. Stolen from Whose Line Is It Anyway.
Why couldn't the physicist understand how boats work	He thought nothing could possibly travel faster than sea.
Why did the 2 contractors hire a pilot to help survey their land	Because they really wanted a third's eye view!
Why did the Ewok ESL student do so well with conjunctions	He felt at home with And/Or.
Why are camels called the ships of the desert	Because they're full of Arab semen.
Why do Gorillas have big nostrils	Because they have big fingers
Why did the cows return to the marijuana farm	It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Why do the Marines call it Parris island	Because they like to play with each other's oui oui.
Why is money called dough	Because we all knead it.
Why was Roy Rogers upset when he fell off his horse	He wanted a Trigger warning.
Why Is A Man's Mind Dirtier Than A Woman's	A woman changes hers more often.
Why do the French like Easter	Because it's such a bonne idee.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up	It was 2 tired...
Why do Baptists forbid premarital sex	Because they're afraid it could lead to dancing.
[meta] why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other bar!
Why did the caveman not take Viagra	Because he was rock hard.
Why did the blonde call an exterminator	Her computer had a bug...
Q: Why do cats like to hear other cats make noise	- A: It's meow-sic to their ears!
Why is a physicist's dream vacation in Alaska	Because of all the cold fission it has.
Why i love redheads	Because if roof is rusty it's always wet in basement.
Why doesn't Mexico have an olympic team	Because anyone that can run, jump or swim is already over the border!
Why does Africa never win Olympics	Because it's a continent, You idiot
Why do people regard the middle east as the holy land	Because they're constantly drilling for oil.
Why do software engineers tend to not care about trigger warnings	They're not trigger errors.
Why are mosquitoes annoying	Because they get under your skin.
Why didn't the Indian grow facial hair	He would have Apache beard
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	TUH KEELLUHHH!!!
Why did the hick move to a toxic waste dump after winning the lottery	They heard it was a Superfund site.
Why happened when the cat swallowed a coin	There was some money in the kitty !
Why did Burger King and Dairy Queen have a baby	Because Burger King forgot to wrap up his Whopper
Why did Bruce Jenner become invisible	because he's a transparent.
Why do hippie girls love playing the didgeridoo	Its as close as they will ever get to sucking a trees dick.
Why is incest so fun	Because it's a game that the whole family can play.
Why did the Priest go to Walmart	Because the little boys pants were half off.
Why did the viper want to become a python	He got the coiling !
Why is there no scope for dealers/middle men in the field of extractive metallurgy	Because he/she who smelt it, dealt it.
Why are all the plants at the retirement home made of silk and plastic	Because everything that stays there just ends up dying.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's at least 20% off.
Why do Polish people's names end in 'ski'	Because they can't spell toboggan.
Q: Why were the suspenders arrested	A: For holding up a pair of pants.
Why can't Jesus play Football	He has flashbacks every time he looks at the goal
Q: Why doesn't Bill like old houses	A: He's afraid of the draft.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts	Because their sheep can hear zippers.
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost	Because frost bites !
Why did the Polish government have to finally ban water-polo throughout the country	Too many horses were drowning.
Why was the baker happy when his pie caught fire in the oven	He was a pieromaniac.
Why do you get aroused when you look in the mirror	Because your dick thinks you're a pussy too...
Why shouldn't you give Muslim Women drugs	They'll get stoned. (Ba-dum tss)
Why do people hesitate before registering as an organ donor	It takes guts.
Why did Dracula need medicine	Because he was coffin.
Why did the dolphin kill himself	A lack of porpoise.
Why did Carrie Underwood run out of cheese	Because Jesus took the wheel.
Why did the bald man put a rabbit on his head	Because he wanted a head of hare (hair).
Q: Why the fireman was burried on the top of the hill	A: Because he was dead.
Why was the intelligent Heineken upset	'Cus the bud's wiser.
Why did Aristotle hate French fries	They were fried in ancient grease!
Why did the cowboy buy a wiener dog	So he could ""get a long little doggy"".
Why did the police arrest the sidewalk sidewalk	It always had some sort of weed on it!
Why did the Chicken come to /r/jokes	[To be buried](http://www.reddit.com/r/antiantiantijokes/comments/3bccyc/the_chicken_sat_far_from_the_road_considering_its/)
Why is it best to ship boxes using a UPS truck	The DOWNS truck is a little slow.
Why does Indiana Jones hate the letters ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX and Y	Because they're not Zs. Sorry.
Why does Bernie Sanders only drink skim milk	He can't stand the 1%
Why are nuns like a brand new TV	You need a knife to get in the box.
Why did the chicken limp across the road	Because it was a lame joke.
Why do little boys whine	Because they're practicing to be men.
Why don't people tell jokes about the Reverend Jim Jones	The punchline is too long.
Why did the cellphone go to court	Because it was charged with battery. Thank you, I'll be here all night... Finals week needs to end.
Why was the bi-sexual man so healthy	Because he ate plenty of fruits and vag.
Why do bees hum	Because they've forgotten the words !
Why shouldn't a dentist and manicurist be in a relationship	All they will do is fight tooth and nail!
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was black
Why are prostitutes cheaper compared to girlfriends and wives to many rich people	Because they dont have to pay attention
Why does Hillary have sex with Bill first thing in the morning	Because she wants to be the First Lady.
Why did the blind driver have no hands	He was reading road signs at 50 miles per hour
Why was Hitler a great comedian	Cuz you can't spell slaughter without laughter
Why did the banker bee go to prison	Embuzzlement! You're damn right
Why was the poker game at the zoo cancelled	Some believed that there was a cheetah among them.
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ	Because he always burns the franks.
Why do the elephants have short tails	Because they can't remember long stories !
Why did the mexican take xanax	For hispanic attacks
Why are you even asking me that mom	I love jumping off bridges, either by myself or as a group, you know that.
Why is vagina better than cake	Because you can have your vagina and eat it, too!
Why does government matter	It doesn't.
Why did the French chef commit suicide	he lost his huile d'olive
Why did the Chinese man tell a joke	Just China be funny.
Why the musician sold his computer	.. It was baroque.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long	Because then it'd be a foot.
Why are there no feminists in Japan	Because the Japanese hunt whales.
Why did the interjecting, dismissive, gay Italian have so many problems	Probably because he was such a- ""Fagget about it!
Why did the snowman take his pants off	He heard the snow blower was coming.
Why do blacks make good athletes	They spent the first nine months of their lives dodging hangers.
Why did Bono fall off the stage	Because he was too close to The Edge.
Why can't an angle lease an apartment alone	Because he has to cosign
Why are some musicians so antisocial	Because all they want is tonics and dominance.
Why do skunks celebrate valentines day	Because they are very scentimental.
Why don't renovators paint floors	It's beneath them.
Why did Jesus go to a Candy shop	To Test a Mint
[my original] Why have human fossils never been found in Iran	Because homos in Iran do not exist.
Why are pedophiles terrible Blackjack players	They don't hit on anything over 14.
Why do woman out live men	They don't have wives
Why is it called the cock	Because it rises in the morning.
Why will there never be an Asian president	Because the American people could never make it through the erection without raughing.
Why was the germiphobe scared of coins	Because he was afraid of change.
Why can't you run through camp sites	You can only ran because it's past tents.
Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering	??? A: More head room
Why was Jesus I such good shape	Crossfit. Why did the Romans hate Jesus so much? He wouldn't shut up about crossfit.
Q: Why did the bald man draw rabbits on his head	A: Because from a distance they looked like hares.
Why did Hitler blows his brains out	... Because he saw his gas bill. Also this joke isn't funny, one of my family members died in a concentration camp. He went to take a piss and fell out of a tower.
Why don't they allow computers in prison	Is it because of the escape button? I think it's because of the escape button.
Why do women spend less time in prison than men	Because a period ends a sentence.
Why couldn't Mozart find his teacher	Because he was Haydn.
Why illegal immigrants are never seen on dvds or cassettes	Because they are always streaming in!
Why shouldn't you wear Ukrainian underwear	Chernobyl fall out
Why do tumblr users make for poor gunmen	They are afraid of triggers.
Why did all the female pandas want to mate with that one male panda	Because he had the big bamboo.
Why don't anteaters get sick	Because they are full of antibodies!
Why do we use whiteboards instead of blackboards	Because black boards matter.
Why do fat chicks give the best head	Because they have to.
Why's the little boy scarred for life after going to buy his mom some earrings	He went to Jared.
Why didn't Vietnam return to feudalism following 1975	'Cause Charlie don't serf.
Why did the strawberry cross the road	There was a traffic jam.
Why couldn't Hillary rig the election like she rigged the DNC	She deleted that email.
Why is your washing machine always laughing	It's taking the piss out of your knickers!
Why do burgers laugh when you surround them with pickles	Who knows - maybe they're picklish!
Why are erectile dysfunction jokes so unfunny	They're not hard to make.
Why is. Dr.Dre's Headphones so popular	Beats me.
Why was Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven is a convicted felon and it is clear that prison life wasn't easy on him. It doesn't help that Six is, naturally, a little timid.
Why did the angles have such high self esteem	Because they kept complementing each other.
Why did the eagle fly into the church	It was a bird of pray
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at 'Sporting Goods	' Because he likes Dick's better.
Why did the man put a dead tiger on his lawn	To scare off Cat burglars!
Why did the chicken lay an egg	(Quoted from daughter at age 3) To get food for her babies!
Why is Christmas just like your job	You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Why couldn't the scientist understand what the photon was saying	Because the photon was incoherent.
Why do parents love BB-8 so much	He is a great role model.
Why is this joke bad for the environment	Because it wasn't recycled.
Why can't dyslexics tell jokes	They always punch up the fuckline.
Why does George R.R Martin never use Twitter	Because he killed all 140 characters.
Why is the nose in the middle of the face	Because it's the scenter.
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat	Not because he was into beastiality you Islamophobe... He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the parking lot.
Why did the ""Ringling Bros."" Circus finally go out of business	They couldn't compete with the circus in Washington DC any longer.
Why does America spell colour without the u	because fuck u
Why did the Udon noodles stop drinking	They wanted to be Soba... I heard that a few days ago and wanted to share it.
Why don't seagulls fly by the bay	Because then they would be called Bagels!
why did they invent white chocolate	so black kids can make a mess too...
Why did Xmen's Cyclops go to the doctors	Because he needed laser eye surgery!
Why can't you keep a secret in a cornfield	There's too many ears
Why don't the Borg procreate naturally	Because they prefer artificial assimilation.
Why did the mermaid wear SeaShells	Because she outgrew her B-Shells. Ha...
Why are there no really good steak jokes	Because they're a rare medium well done
Why do cars slow down when they see a cop has pulled someone over	HE'S A LITTLE BUSY TO WORRY ABOUT YOU RIGHT NOW DUMMIES
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered six offender
why do Indians have red dots on there forehead	because the council leader with his pointed finger pushing against there foreheads says ""No your not having another free council house
Why do vampire's use linux	Because they don't like windows in their house. Ba^Dum^Tss
why aren't there any good jokes about the dark side	i dunno but there's a darth of them
Why does Josh Brown beat his wife	Just for kicks
Why didn't the man report his credit card stolen	Because the thief was spending less than his wife.
Q: Why did the T-Rex eat  hamburgers	A: Because he is a meat eater!
Why did Jesus fall on the side of the road	Because he was crossed.
why do jewish men get circumcisions	because jewish women wont touch anything that isn't 10% off...
Why does hitler not like jewish lemonade	Its to hasidic
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was too far out, man
Why did the girl fall off the swing	Because she had no arms.
Why do tennis players have cold hands	They have bad mittens.
Why did Hannibal Lecter try DiGiorno's Pizza	He heard it had de*liver*y flavor.
Why was the fish processing factory built beside the computer factory	So that they could make fish and chips.
Why did the boy fall off his bike	Because someone threw a fridge at him.
Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant	Her teacher told her to do an essay.
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke	Because he finally got it
Why wife accused em of being a transvestite	.. So I packed her things and left.
Why is it so hard to get into a relationship with an SJW	Because they have high double standards.
Why couldn't the pony speak clearly	He was a little hoarse.
Why can't you trust stairs	Because they are always up to something.
why dont they ever have plagues of endangered animals, like a plague of panda bears	oh no our entire bamboo crop is gone haha
Why does Father Time wear bandages	Because day breaks and night falls.
Why is women's soccer so boring	Because all the good female athletes play in men's leagues. Thank you, thank you.
Q: Why did Clinton waffle on military  action in Bosnia	A: His area of expertise is dodging armed conflict.
Why does my van have windows	I want to make my victims feel like they have a chance.
Why is flatulence more satisfying after a long struggle to push it out	Because you know you made a real ef-**fart**
Why do hamburgers act brilliantly on stage	They give meaty performances - especially if they are in their  prime!
Why was the broom late	because it overswept
Why does a rooster watch TV	For hentertainment !
Why don't boxers have sex the night before a fight	Cos they don't fancy each other.
Why are people reluctant to eat pudding that is past its expiration date	Because it is off pudding.
Why did Adrian Peterson beat his son	Because it's easier than beating New England.
Why did the monkey cross the road	To loot the pharmacy on the other side
Why was the rabbit hopping in circles	Because I shot its leg off.
Why did Eddie Vedder take the fiber supplements	He needed to have an Even Flow.
Why do natives hate snow	Because it's white and it's on their land!
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he drank his coffee before it was cool.
Why is Shield Commander Nck Fury upset With another eye missing he can't see a thing	He has officially become *Removes sunglasses Blind Fury
Why did the sasquatch go on a diet	He didn't want to be Obeast.
Why don't mountains get cold	They wear snow caps. *cringe* ^Courtesy ^of ^Westjet's ^horrible ^phone ^line.
Why do they call the day after Thanksgiving ""Black Friday""	Because everything is a steal.
Why is the air so clean and healthy on Halloween	Because so many witches are sweeping the sky.
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going the bathroom	Because the P is silent.
Why is apple afraid of microsoft	because 7 8 10
Why can't you explain puns to kelptomaniacs	Because they always take things literally.
Why French Fighter jet are name phantom	Because they don't exist.
Why isn't the Mexican olympic team any good	Anyone who can run jump or swim is already across the border.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why is it expensive to be a criminal	Because the police charge you.
Why can't you tell a pun to a kleptomaniac	They take things literally.
Why did robin williams cross the road	I Fucked his uncle too hard!!!!!!!!
Why are ghosts bad liars	You can see right through them.
Why does a chicken coupe have two doors	Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan.
Why does the murder no longer use axe	Because he realized it can't wash away his sins
Why did the PHP programmer go to the optician	because he didn't C#
Why do the nurses give the old men in retirement homes Viagra	To keep them from rolling out of bed
Why won't bankers go to the opera	Because they quickly lose interest
Why can't astronauts eat popsicles	In space, no one can hear the ice cream truck.
Why should we hire the chickpeas to be part of our choir	They could hummus a song! (I was really proud of this one.)
Why is the KKK a good place to find a job	Cos they'll always hook a brutha up
why would you go outside	that's where bugs live
Why arent koalas actual bears	They dont meet the koalafications.
Why are black people so fast	Cause the slow ones are in jail
Why are black people so tall	Because they're negros. (Hah get it? Knee grows?)
Why do women parachutists wear cups	So they won't whistle on the way down.
Q: Why did god give blonds 2% more brains than horses	A: Because he didn't want them shitting in the streets during parades.
Why did the Hawaiian Hipster burn to death	He walked on lava before it was cool.
Why are black man's palms white	Because they are always leaning against cop cars.
Why is the men's room always located to the left	Because women are always right.
Why does Minnie Mouse wear heels	She is the only female mouse Mickey knows. Pressure's off, girl. Your boyfriend doesn't even have a shirt.
Why is legislation never passed by horses	Large number of neigh votes.
Why do midgets make bad parents	Cause they struggle to put food on the table
Why did the woman cross the road	Good fucking question, I need to get stronger locks for the home dungeon.
Why do girls talk so much	They have four lips
why did the chicken cross the playground	..... TO GET TO THE OVER FUCKING SLIDE, EH EH EH GEEEEEEET IT HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA *pulls the trigger
Why do computer programmers spend so much time in the shower	The directions clearly state: ""Rinse, lather, repeat
Why do people have legs	So our ass wouldn't hit the floor while we walk!!!!
Why didn't Hitler ever order the French Dip sandwich when he went out to eat	Because he hated au jus.
Why are so many Italian men named Tony	When they ship them over from the Old Country, they stamp ""To N.Y."" on them...
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than to improving their minds	Because most men are stupid but few are blind.
Why is business good on Easter	Because prophets rise
Why do ducks have flat feet	So they can stamp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? So they can stamp out flaming ducks.
Why don't men like going Downtown with women	Because eating-out can be so expensive.
Why don't North Koreans go to heaven	because they have no Seoul
Why doesn't Oprah Winfrey have sex with her husband	She doesn't have a husband.
Why did the veggie band sound horrible live	Because they were missing a beet.
Why are most blacks Catholic	If they were Jewish their dicks couldn't live in the hood.
Why was the ink happy	Because it had its in-de-pen-dance. I'm posting lots of really bad jokes tonight that just appear in my head, if just one person enjoys just one joke is worth it, good evening.
Why do University of Arkansas graduates tape their diplomas to the windshields of their cars	So they can park in handicapped spaces.
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	Because he only comes once a year and when he does, it's down a chimney.
Why do computer programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas	Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25
Why do Russians love pho	Because they're SO-VIET
Why don't you prescribe Viagra as an antidepressant	it only makes things harder.
Why is the ocean so salty	The land never waves back.
Why do some loudspeakers have holes	For the pleasure of the audiophiles.
Why were the breakfast potatoes running around hitting each other	HashTag!
Why does Japan have a high life expectancy	It is full of anti - occidents
Why did the old lady stand in front of three rows of traffic	Cause she was a cunt. (Courtesy of my little brother.)
Why did the scarecrow win an award	For being outstanding in his field!
Why can't John complete a workout	He tried, but it didn't work out.
Why does the Dalai Lama go to the bookies everyday	Because he likes Tibet.
Why did the monster paint himself in rainbow colors	Because he wanted to hide in the crayon box.
Why do tulips glow	Because they come from bulbs. (This is the only *dad* joke I know.)
Why does Ganondorf hate reddit	Because it has too many links! (I'll show myself out :) )
Why did it take the computer so long to decide whether it wanted to buy an Egyptian cotton sheet	Because it had too many threads.
Why don't chickens like people	They beat eggs !
Why was six afraid of seven	Generations of institutionalized bigotry.
Why did Pluto miss the solar system party	He didn't planet right
Why will you never see a politician at your Concealed Weapons Permit class	Because people who purchase weapons legally are law abiding citizens.
Why did Laketown pass new emissions regulations	They had a major Smaug problem.
Why was Henry the Eighth so fat	Because he Tudor house.
Why are girls bad at maths	They can't even.
Why did the californian celebrate his birthday a day earlier	He moved down-under!!
Why is everyone impatiently awaiting the new Zelda game	It's Hylian-ticipated
Why do I call my van the Pussy Destroyer	Because cats explode when I run over them
Why did the dinner roll spend his afternoon knocking on doors	He was a Jehovah's Wheatness
Why does Mexico never win the Olympics	Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim already left.
Why did the feminist fail algebra	She couldn't solve inequalities
Why is your shit tapered	So your asshole don't slam shut.
Why did Santa bring his sack with him when starring in the pantomime	He wanted to have some stage presents.
Why is Hillary Clinton unfit to be president	Because she doesn't go to the gym
Why did the skeleton knew that it was going to rain	He read the weather forecast, Idiot (Wow didnt see that coming did you *wink*)
Why did the football team take the short bus to the game	They needed more downs.
Why are pirates, pirates	They just *arrrrrrrrr*.
why do pedophiles make good employers	they don't mind if you're a little behind.
Why does Donald Trump hate China	They came up with building a wall before he did.
Why was the priest also an imam	Double the prophet.
Why doesn't that NSA informant just come back to USA	Because he's snowed in.
Why does a milking stool only have three legs	Because the cow has the udder.
Why are burglars such good tennis players	Because they spend such a lot of their time in courts !
Why did the lion spit out the clown	Because he tasted funny.
Why are there no female serial killers	? Because after the first kill, they have to tell someone.
Why is Rose sad	Because there is no Jack in iPhone 7.
Why do chicken coops only have 2 doors	If they had 4 it would be a chicken sedan.
Why do cows wear bells	Because their horns don't work.
Why do cows wear bells	Because their horns don't work!
Why do they call it P.M.S.	Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Why did the zombie start ripping up sheet music	Because he was de-composing.
Why do lesbians go to Sports Authority	Because they're afraid of Dicks!
Why did the cannibal refuse to eat the police officer	It was a jewish cannibal.
Why does Tiger Woods carry 2 blow-up sex dolls with him at all times	Incase he gets a hole in one.
Why don't black people sleep well	Because we killed the only one with a dream
Why do ants get sick	Because they have little anty bodies.
Why did the number of parking tickets spike after Persephone was carried off to the underworld	Because Demeter stopped working.
Why didn't the mathematician want to go to the beach	He didn't want people to see his tan lines.
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
Why did the witch have to move out of her gingerbread house	The property taxes were gastronomical.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card	The thief was spending less then his wife.
Why did the condom suddenly go flying across the room	Because he was pissed off.
Why did the square breakup with the circle	She wasn't edgy enough!
Why was Lisa not able to ride a bike	She was a cat.
Why do they call it a traffic jam	Because no one's jelly
Why are frogs no good at websurfing	Computers have them toad-ily confused.
Why DID David Cameron fuck a dead pig, anyway	The live ones wouldn't hold still.
Why did the soda can quit its job at the vending machine	It was soda pressing.
Why did the dictator's plane crash	It was stallin'
Why are sea sponges good at statistics	They understand coralations!
Why is Halloween a hillbilly's favorite holiday	Because they like to pumpkin. I'll see myself out...
Why dont you ever see elephants hiding in trees	Because theyre really good at it!
Why did Bill Gates get sick	Because he left the Windows open.
Why are math books useless	Because they are full of problems.
Why is Caitlyn Jenner's stomach bad for you	'Cause it's full of trans-fat.
Why don't bears wear socks	They have bear feet
Why does Naruto vomit after every meal	He's **BULIMIC!**
Why was the Egyptian kid confused	Because his daddy was a mummy
Why is Abraham Lincoln on the Penny	Because it makes cents (sense).
Why does Santa Claus have such a large sack	He only comes once a year.
Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison	RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!
Why did it have to be the dog	I have the hubby insured for $1.5 million.
Why shouldn't you trust an atom	Because they make up everything.
Why is one thousand million billion trillion so bad	It's very naughty
Why are there 2 doors on a chicken coupe	Because if it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
Why don't they teach Driver's Ed and sex education on the same day in the Middle East	They don't want to wear out the camel.
Why did Snoop Dogg need an umbrella	Because he was scared of a Lil' Wayne.
Why are the Irish so rich	Their capital is always Dublin. Hehe
Why did the oak tree get his girlfriend pregnant	Because the state abolished plant parenthood
Why did the tortoise get arrested	Because he got there before the hare.
Why did the student fail the exam	Spent too much time figuring out the Engels, so he didnt get the Marx.... thats what he gets for Stalin
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors	If it had four it'd be a sedan.
Why did the chicken cross the road	The get to the other side
Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg	They won't stop to ask for directions.
Why David shorted his surname to Hoff	Because it was too much Hassel
Why did the boy take a ruler to bed with him	To see how long he slept.
Why does ISIS call camels ""Ships of the Desert""	Because they are full of ISIS seamen.
Why do people say half a dozen	Why can't they just say Six
Why are Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse having a divorce	Because Minnie is fucking Goofy
Why did Angelina tell Brad to do squats	Because she was tired of a bottomless pitt.
Why is a gun better than a woman	You can buy a silencer for a gun
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get away from the golf club wielding maniac.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why was the boy unhappy to win the prize for the best costume at the Halloween party	Because he just came to pick up his little sister.
Why did the hoagie go to the shrink	He was having problems with his sub-conscious.
Why is a giraffe's neck so long	Because its head is so far away from its body.
Why did Papa smurf go to the aviary	Because he loves blue tits.
Why does the Pope keep his underwear on while bathing	Because he doesn't like looking down on the unemployed. First to ever post this joke here, yay!
Why should you never date a French Horn player	Because every time you kiss, they'll try to shove their fist up your ass.
Why did the chicken cross the playground	To get to the other slide.
Why can you never trust a car made in the Soviet Union	They keep Lenin to the left, and Stalin.
Why is it difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs	Because they take everything literally.
Why are white prisoners so scary	Because you know they did it.
Why did the fisherman drill a hole in the ice	For the Halibut
Why Don't Jews Like Ions	They prefer their molecules free of charge.
Why doesn't Santa hitch his sleigh to a pig	Pigs don't have red noses.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	Because it had a silent pee.
Why did x and y break up	They couldn't function together.
Why did the boxer sprinkle cocaine on his exercise rope	He wanted to practice the rope-a-dope.
Why did sally fall off the swing	She had no arms.
Why did the pillow cross the road	Because it was cooler on the other side.
Why does John Cena set his alarm at 1:59	So he can kick out at 2.
Why are automatic doors like knights	Because they're chivalrous!
Why is the sky not happy on clear days	It has the blues
Why did the reindeer wear sunglasses at the beach	Because he didn't want to be recognised !
Why don't hipsters live in Alaska	Everything is cool there already.
Why didn't the Pharaoh believe he was drowning	Because he was in deNile
Q: Why can't Chinese Barbecue	A: Because the rice falls through the grill
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was black.
Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant	Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.
Why does Snoop carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why couldn't the woman date a German man	Because she was Klaustrophobic!
Why was the Redditor's picture crooked	Because Redditors aren't known for keeping a level head.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side. ^^^Get ^^^it? ^^^To ^^^get ^^^to ^^^""the ^^^other ^^^side""? ^^^She ^^^was ^^^trying ^^^to ^^^kill ^^^herself.
Why didn't the Mexican guy at work take out the trash at work when I asked him	He had *senor*-ity!
Why do feminists dislike maths	There's an XY axis but no XX axis.
Why did the piece of gum cross the road	It was stuck to the chicken.
Why can't two Chinese people make a white baby	Because two Wongs don't make a white
Why doesn't Fleetwood Mac shave	Because Stevie Nicks.
Why do girls like me more when i'm preparing potatoes	Because they find me more appealing.
Why are gay people so fashionable	Because they spend so long in the closet.
[Calculus Joke] Why didn't the derivative of sec(x) go to the beach	Because secant tan
Why does Beyonce sing, ""To the left, to the left!""	Because black women have no rights.
Why can't blind people bungee jump	Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why couldn't Mozart find his teacher	Because his teacher was Haydn. (Stolen from laffy taffy)
Why do women live on average two years longer	Because the time they spend parking doesn't count.
Why is there no market for white tires	Because black tires makes your car run faster
Why is the all-seeing eye the symbol of the occult	Because they want us all under super-vision!
Why would you wrap masking tape around a 3 day old baby	So it doesn't burst when you fuck it.
Why did Donald Trump win Florida in the Presidential Election	Floridians have seen the positive effect an Orange can have on the economy.
Why can't Trump supporters ever get into higher levels of mathematics	Cause they can't grasp the concept of integration. (all credits to my friend if he reads it here but didn't post it himself!)
Why did the chicken cross the road	I forget how jokes work :/
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered six offender
Why was the gymnast disqualified	He walked into a bar.
Why was the blonde staring at the box of orange juice for a long time	because it said ""CONCENTRATE
Why are black guys getting fatter	TVs are getting lighter.
Why do asian girls have small boobs	Because only A's are acceptable.
Why should you never bet on Germany at the Olympics	They have the worst track record for finishing a race.
Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about freedom	Because freedom rings. Bazinga!
Why is Santa so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live.
why does iron man act like a girl	he's a Fe male.
Why was the young vampire a failure	Because he fainted at the sight of blood.
Why did the blonde librarian sleep with a famous musician	She wanted a first edition of Moby's Dick.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He [ate his food, drank his tea, etc] before it was cool.
Why aren't the people in old timey photos ever smiling	Because they were in constant danger of getting eaten by dinosaurs. READ A BOOK.
Why do hipsters prefer to drink their PBR warm	So that they can say they liked it before it was cool.
Why is Ashley Maddison the best hook up site on the Internet	Because everyone got fucked.
Q: Why are the citizens of Damascus so solemn when talking about oil	A: Because it's Syria's business. (cross-post from /r/funny by request)
Q: Why did the Apatosaurus devour the factory	A: Because she was a plant eater!
Why are white girls so odd	Because they don't *even*.
Why can't people with ocd go poop	Because they're anal retentive!
Why do American beer companies always advise that their beer should be served cold	So you can tell it apart from urine
Why do we paint Easter eggs	Because it's easier than trying to wallpaper them!
Why are so many Mathematicians vegetarians	Cos Lettuce
Why I love circular logic...	Because I love circular logic!
Why are dolphins cleverer than humans	Within 3 hours they can train a man to stand at the side of a pool and feed them fish !
Why did the Origami Artist never win a poker match	Because he will always fold.
Why did the duck get a red card	For fowl play.
Why didn't the two introverts go camping	Because it's two fucking in tents.
Why do feminists hate church music	Because of all the Hymns.
Why don't you hear any knock knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings.
Why would the cannibal only eat babies	He was on a diet!
Why don't bees go to church	Because they are in sects.
Why is oral sex with your wife like being interviewed by the police	One slip of the tongue and your in the shit.
Why were the Seven Dwarfs kicked out of the bar	Because they were Miners... XD
Why did the guitarist leave his guitar on the ground	It didn't have any pickups
Why can't Jesus play hockey	He keeps getting NAILED TO THE BOARDS!...
Why are socially-aware western tourists avoiding Nice, France for their late-summer getaways	All that Muslim hatred can really run you down.
Why do most people from Russia wear track suits	Because they are Russin'
Q: Why was the chicken happy	A: Everything was eggcellent.
Why hang Wanted posters in the post office	We're not crime-fighting crusaders. We're buying stamps.
Why do Mexicans walk around school like they own the place	Their Father built the place and their Mother cleans it.
Why was the radioactive food going to taste bad	The meal would fallout of flavor.
Why did the blond lay out on the lawn chair in her bikini at midnight	She wanted to get a dark tan.
Why do they call it a ""roach clip""	Cause ""pot holder"" was taken.
Why don't native Americans like snow	Because it's white and all over their land.
Why can't you tell a Philosophy Student a good joke	You need to give a three hour lecture and turn in a research paper on ""What is 'good'?"" first.
Why does a chicken coup have 2 doors	Because if it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken Sedan.
Why was Moses' wife angry	He gave her the burning bush.
Why shouldn't you tell secrets on the farm	The corn has ears, the potatoes have eyes, and the beanstalk.
Why are black people so tall	Cuz their knee grows.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee	Because he drank it before it was cool.
Why was schrodinger's cat in trouble with the law	I don't know, but he was wanted dead and alive.
Why do Native Americans hate snow	Its white and on their land.
Why do Leprechauns laugh when they run	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why is Daredevil not a part of the Avengers	Because he doesn't work with Vision
Why did the chicken lock itself in the freezer	to get to the other side.
Why did the witch keep turning people into Mickey Mouse	She was having Disney spells.
Why is Bernie Sanders challenging his 49 vs 50% loss in Iowa	I thought he didn't care about the 1%
Why did the drill sergeant get a dishonorable discharge	He couldn't keep his hands off his privates
Why do they have fences around cemetaries	Because people are dying to get in.
Why do Christians like Swiss cheese	It's holey.
Why is the U.S dollar getting stronger	Fiscal therapy
Why did Avogadro have trouble picking up chicks	Because his number couldn't fit in their phones
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why do girls wear make-up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why did the squirrel swim on his back	To keep his nuts dry!
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	To avoid being mistaken for feminists.
Why should you always refuse to lend an Ape  money	It's dangerous to let him put the bite on you!
Why did Dracula go to the orthodontist	He wanted to improve his bite.
Why should sailors eat crabapples	For the vitamin sea.
Why are black people so bad at walking up stairs	Cause niggas be trippin
Why did the raisin take the prune to the new year's ball	Because he couldn't find a date!
Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbers	Because they can't even...
Why would an upright vacuum cleaner with no wheels make a better President than Hillary Clinton	Well, they both suck and have trouble moving forward, but at least the vacuum has a handle on it.
Why did Moses vote for Al Gore	Because the last time he took political orders from a Bush, his country went mucking around in the Middle East for forty years.
Why did the ant fall off of the toilet seat	He got pissed off
Why did the semen cross the road	Because it was my first fap in over two weeks.
Why did the hacker start selling his services	So he could make his 4Chan.
Why did the man wear a frog for a condom	So he was ribbit for her pleasure.
Why should women only masturbate with these two fingers	*holds up middle and ring finger* Because they're mine!
Why were the people in twin towers upset	They ordered pepperoni pizza but all they got was plane
Why do so many guys spit in urinals	Just seems weird that there are that many dudes who salivate at the sight of a wiener.
Why did the Dolphin commit suicide	Because it felt like its life had no porpoise.
Why do mathematicians dislike cloth rugs	They prefer fur mats.
Why do meth heads like to do it doggy style	So they can both peek out the blinds.
Why does a milking stool only have 3 legs	The cow has the udder.
Why don't black people get on cruise ships	They already fell for that once.
Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys  in blue	Because they can't dress themselves.
Why do Black people have nightmares	Because we killed the only one with a dream.
why did the scarecrow get a promotion	he was out-standing in his field.
Why do people find it hard to eat vegetables	Wheelchairs are hard to eat
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand	She uses the other one to moan.
Why are you breaking up with me	You treat your dog like a baby. It's weird"" Shh *puts hands over dog's ears* he's 26 months he understands
Why did the airport luggage checker refuse to date the depressed man	he had to much baggage
Why do Communist Dictators have trouble getting their work done on time	They're way too into Stalin
Why did the plant use a dating service	To find its stomate!
Why did the comedian cross the road	To tell me this joke.
Why do people make shitposts	Because they are in a crappy mood.
Why didn't Rose get an iPhone 7	She never let go, Jack.
Why Donald Trump will win the primary but loose the general election	He can push through the Bushes but cannot climb a **Hill**ary.
Why are camels also known as Ships Of The Desert'	Because they're full of Arab seamen.....
Why did the bi-sexual bear see a psychiatrist	He was a bi-polar bear
Why is Jewish apple cake Jewish	Because it's baked in an oven...
Why did the t-rex cross the road	Because the chicken hadn't evolved yet.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get the chinese newspaper!
Why did the mortgage broker go out of business	...because he lost interest.
Why do black people call each other ""son""	Well, you never know!
Why couldn't Caligula get anything passed in the Roman Senate	His horse kept casting too many neigh votes.
Why is Hillary spelled with 2 L's	One for 2008 and one for 2016.
Why does a dentist seem moody	Because he always looks down in the mouth.
Why did the Hydroxyl molecule blow up the US Mint	It was a Free Radical.
Why was the archeologist depressed	because his career was in ruins
Why did the computer programmer get stuck in the shower forever	Because the instructions on the shampoo bottle said to ""1. Lather 2. Rinse 3. Repeat
Why was Yoda afraid of seven	Because six, seven eight.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side. No offense.
Why is Riot Fest going to be in Toronto	They play music, not hockey.
Why did the duck go to rehab	Because he was a quack addict!
Why don't kleptomaniacs get puns	Because they always take things literally.
Why does the house only have one window	Cheeseburger (joke from my 3 year old neice this evening)
Why did the police chief tell his officers to show up 15 minutes early to the political demonstration	To beat the crowds.
Why is Italy shaped like a boot	Because you can't fit that much sh*t in a shoe
Why is it so hard to get a mortgage in Columbia SC	All the homes there are underwater
Why did the lesbian go to Sports Authority	because she didn't like dicks.
Why don't they play poker in Africa	Because there's cheetahs.
Why does a Bicycle have a kickstand	Because it's two tired.
Why couldn't the blonde count to 70	Because 69 was a mouthful
Why is Math always sad	Because it has too many problems.
Why are police officers bad at Billiards	They hit eight ball first because it was black.
Why do space rocks taste better than Earth rocks	They're Meteor!
Why did the fencer downvote my latest submission	It was a Riposte.
Why do baseball pitches make bad doctors	Because when asked to 'give it to them straight', they throw a curveball!
Why did the sperm cross the road	...'Cause I wore the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why did the bunny find some extra green in his paycheck	Because he put in a little extra clovertime.
Why are test tube manufacturers always single	People just seem to find them vial!
Why did the satanist become a lawyer	He wanted to be the devil's advocate.
Why do Asians have small breasts	Because their fathers only allow for A's.
Why didn't the movie ticket get convicted of both of its crimes	It would only admit one.
Why did the old lady fall into the well	She didn't see that well
Why does Gandalf prefer coupes	Because other cars have Mordor.
Why does it always have to be ""he's addicted to drugs""	Why can't it be, ""he's passionate about drugs"".
Why did the Carpenters wife leave him	Because he was screwing around.
Why do Japanese people have slanty eyes	Atomic bombs are realllllly bright.
Why did the house go to the doctor	He was having window pains I'm sorry
Why did the green bean go to jail	He was disturbing the peas.
Why do watermelons have water in Them	Because they are planted in the spring!
Why do mice need oiling	Because they squeak !
Why did the LAPD leave the Dodger game early	They wanted to beat the crowd.
Why did a gambler scare everyone out  swimming	He was a card shark!
Why did the crab take the last slice of pizza	Because he's shellfish!
Why couldn't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because he 's married.
Why do so many people swallow everything Trump says	Cause they don't have enough teeth to chew it.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card	The thief was spending less than his wife.
Why do rapists make such great salesmen	They don't take no for an answer.
Why are criticisms of Donald Trump unfair	Because they always take his statements out of Kampftext.
Why do people like amputee porn	It fucking stumps me.
Q: Why would it be difficult to be a police officer	A: It would be tough to be an idiot all day long.
Why would Rip Van Winkle make a good janitor	Because he swept for 20 years.
Why do woman vacuum	So they can practice there sucking.
Why did the tadpole feel lonely	Because he was newt to the area !
Why do all Pirates wear eye patches	Chuck Norris.
Why does your sister have yeast and  shoe polish for breakfast	Because she wants to rise and shine.
Q: Why do blondes have orgasms	A: So they know when to stop having sex.
Why do all the little boys in Crete have golden penis's	Because thats the only place that King Mino's touches them!
Why does Santa not have kids	Cause he only comes once a year.
Why do chefs put so much effort into baking cakes	Because you only get out what you pudding.
Why do historians believe all nazis were women	They all had blood on their hands. Credit of the joke goes to James of FunHaus
Q: Why did the Canadian cross the road	A: He saw some American do it on TV.
Why does the Indian chief hate snow	It's White and all over his land.
Why does Pinocchio lie	Because he is a fucking liar!
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat	Because if they fell forwards, they would still be in the boat.
Why does the Catholic Church have so much money	Because Jesus saves.
Why did the sperm cross the road	I accidentally put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why did I buy a bolt	Because the hardware store clerk was a 300 pound flaming homosexual, and I was afraid to ask him for a screw
Why did Eminem make a terrible barista	Because he kept insisting everyone only get one shot.
Why do social justice warriors hate math	all the inequalities
Why did the blonde put her finger over the nail when she was hammering	The noise gave her a headache.
Why does lightning only strike the French	Because it follows the path of least resistance
Why did the tomcat get sent to prison	For looking at kitty porn.
Q: Why don't men fake orgasm	A: Coz no man would pull those faces on purpose.
Why couldn't the melons be together	Everyone knows melons cantaloupe.
why aren't mexicans and blacks suppose to have kids	because the children will be to lazy to steal.
Why did the thieves get caught after robbing the Louvre	Cause they didn't have the Monet to get Degas to make the van Gogh.
Q: Why did the farmer make a high-pitched gasp	A: Because he was tired of the sigh-low.
Why did God create Adam before Eve	To let him get a word in.
Why can't a guy see his friends	Because he's married.
Why is a beer like a woman	After you drink one you can't shut up or drive.
Why do firemen have bigger balls than policemen	Because they sell more tickets!
Why do dogs chase cats	To get dat pussy. . . . . . . I'll show myself the door.
Why should I excuse your dear aunt Sally	Her operations were not unprecedented.
Why do soccer announcers make terrible business executives	They constantly discuss productivity GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALs.
Why are homeless people always laughing	Because they crack themselves up!
Why did the oil covered seagull get sued	There can only be one goo gull
Why are there no Motown artists from North Korea	Because they have no Seoul.
Why did the traitor wear two watches	Because he's a two timer.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Why Obama shouldn't take the penny out of circulation	He said he would bring change, not take it away.
Why does duck taste better than turkey	Because turkey is just poultry in comparison.
Why do chicken coops have two doors	Because if they had four it would be a chicken sedan.
Why gypsies boys let their mustache to grow	To look more like their mom.
Why couldn't the FBI find Sepp Blatter's bribe money	He used it all to bribe Canada to host the Women's World Cup.
Why did the French chef commit suicide	He lost the huile d'olive.
Why wasn't Christ born in Italy	They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Why is Chicago called the Windy City	Because Indiana sucks and Wisconsin blows
Why did the toad become a lighthouse keeper	He had his own frog horn !
Why are MMA fighters told not to blow their nose when in a fight	Oops, this was supposed to be for /r/explainlikeimfive. There's no punch line!
Why did the rabbit eat lunch under the sink	He found a leek there.
Why was the scarecrow promoted	He was outstanding in his field.
Why do pagans make the best husbands and wives	Because they'll worship the ground you walk on.
Why did the pro football player from the  last-place team drop pieces of hamburger into his soup	He wanted to know how it felt to take part in a Soup-er Bowl!
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milk shakes	Because he uses the finest ingredients.
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive	Because she was a woman
Why can't you hear my grandma when she's taking a piss	'coz her pussy is hanging in the water!!
Why do riot police get to work early	To beat the crowd
Why do you want to be buried at sea	Because my wife says she wants to dance on my grave.
Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet	A: To stomp out burning ducks.
Why was the vegetable store robber embarrassed	He got caught taking a leek
Why don't undertakers provide free services	That would be a dead giveaway.
Why is there a wolf in the smoke shop	He's just looking for a pack.
Why a baker	Why did the baker become a baker? He just couldn't cut it as a butcher.
Why couldn't the candle get any sleep	Because there's no rest for the wicked.
Why isn't ebola airborne	Because niggers can't fly
Why did the bicycle fall over	Because it was two-tired! ... I'll see myself out.
Why Trump and that lady you sit next to on the plane who asks way too many questions are the same	They are both loud, annoying, fat, barely male, and completely unable to make america great again.
Why did the researcher take his paper to the harbour	To get it pier reviewed.
Why do woman have faces	So you know what cunts yours. I have to get a ratio of woman to man down/up votes for this haha..
Why didn't the skeleton like to dance	Because he had no body to dance with!
Why do donut shops not hire security	Because Cops go there willingly. Free security and protection.
Why don't Leave voters go to the cinema	Because they're unable to see the big picture.
Why does Bernie Sanders write in lowercase letters	Because he hates capitalism.
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend	Because Sheeran
Why does Santa have such a big sack	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did Frosty the Snowman want a divorce	Because he thought his wife was a flake.
Why did the Earth suddenly enter a manic episode then go back to a depressive episode	Because it's bipolar.
Why did the relationship between the creationist and Organic molecule not last	Because the creationist did not believe in carbon dating.
Why can't ghosts have babies	Because they have hollow-weenies!
Why did the buddhist refuse novocaine when he went to get a tooth pulled	He wanted to transcend dental medication.
Why did the unicycle win the race	Because the bicycle was two tired.
Why should you never sit at the top deck of a double decker bus	Because there is no driver up there.
Why is there no Walmarts in Afghanistan	Because there's a Target on every corner.
Why didn't Barbie ever get pregnant	Because Ken always came in another box.
Why was Jimmy Glasscock bad at hide and seek	You could always see him coming.
Why did Mozart hate chickens	Because they all they ever say is Bach! Bach! Bach!
Why did the train kill people	It had a loco-motive.
Why does Bernie Sanders support abortions	Because even after he's blown his load he won't pull out.
Why do actors like snooker halls	Because that's where they get their best cues.
Why do jews have such big noses	Because oxygen is free
Why is a duck-billed platypus called a duck-billed platypus	Because fucked up duck-beaver lookin thing doesn't sound scientific enough.
Why did the butter maker not tell anybody his secret recipe	He was afraid they'd spread it around.
Why can't SCAT be legally banned	I could've gone my whole life without seeing that shit.
Why was Lara Croft sad	Because her career was in ruins
Why did Jim Morrison overdose on drugs	To get to the other side.
Why can't a blonde count to 70.	Because 69 is a mouthful.
Why did the chicken kill itself	To get to the other side
Why did the sea monster eat 5 ships that were carrying potatoes	No one can eat just one potato ship.
Why do zombies all have such shitty clothes	! It's like you JUST died, how did you mess up your shirt that bad
Why was Cinderella able to surf the web	Because he footman turned into a mouse.
Why did the photon stop drinking after traveling 670 million miles	because Happy Hour ended.
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it
Why did the scarecrow receive an award	It was outstanding in his field.
Why don't German pessimists eat pork	... They always fear the wurst.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants	Because his pecker is on his head
Why does a milking stool have only three legs	Because the cow has the udder!
Why wasn't Christ born in Ireland	Because they couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Why did this adhesive strip quit his work	He just couldn't tape it anymore..
Why are turtles so grumpy	Because they can't masturbate.
Why does the army want to only recruit married men	Because they don't want a **single** man lost!
Why do cows have bells	Because their horns don't work!
Why did the hipster burn his mouth when he was eating a slice of pizza	He ate it before it was cool
Why are black people unable to get a PhD	Because they can't get past their masters.
Why does your son call you big brother	Because he's your mom's kid.
Why did Michael Jackson love Beethoven's 3rd symphony	It was done in A minor.
Why did the computer squeak	Someone stepped on the mouse.
Why is Windows going from 8 to 10	Because 7 ate 9. Credit to a guy I work with.
Why did the kitchen cross the road	It saw a pikachu across the street.
Why does C-3PO always tell Han the Odds	Because he can't even.
Why do Mexicans always have red eyes after sex	Pepperspray...
Why would I be a horrible magician	Cuz I'll fuck a trick up.
Why was the testicle always in a bad mood	Because his brother is a nut and his two closest friends are a dick and an asshole.
Why don't birds wear underwear	Because, their pecker is on their head.
Why do tomcats fight	Because they like raising a stink !
Why didn't the Jewish Boy Scout come home	He went to the wrong camp. Bonus: I'm a Jewish Boy Scout
Why is minotaur pretty ugly	Because it is an Oxy+moron.
Why did the skeleton not go to prom	He had no *body* to go with!!! As told by a Professor, in a serious Aerospace class, reading off of Laffy Taffy.
Why does an ethiopian baby cry	He's having a midlife crisis.
Why do you call an angry bear	A grrrrrrrizzly bear
Why couldn't the chameleon change colors	It had reptile dysfunction.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay they'd be baygulls (bagels get it?).
Why does Donald Trump think Jesus was a liar	He was a Middle-Easterner, but he had a Mexican name.
Why do tampons have strings	So vampires don't burn their fingers while making tea.
Why did the janitor file for a divorce	He found his wife sweeping with someone else.
Why doesn't Pac-Man use Twitter	Because he doesn't like being followed.
why do the ladies love jesus	*spreads arms wide* because he was hung like this
Why are Taco Tuesdays so hot	Because of the spicy anal you get that night.
Why can't the band Def Leppard make music anymore	They all lost their hearing
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	Wouldn't you if your name was Hhuuuurrrnnnnggg.
Why do walruses go to tupperware parties	They are always looking for a tight seal.
Why do Jews never deck the halls on christmas	Because of the holly cost.
Why are all Stormtroopers virgins	Because they don't hit anything.
Why did the cookie smoke weed	Because he wanted to get baked.
Why did the grape cross the road	To get away from the grapefruit.
why was 6 mad when 7 won her a stuffed elephant	because 7 1 1 4 9 2
Why do rabbits make good mathematicians	Because they're constantly multiplying!
Why did the jellyfish's wife leave him	He stung her into action.
Why does Mario hate Punchbug	Because he bruises like-a Peach!
Why Doesn't Santa Have Any Kids	Because he comes down the chimney.
Why do the cops monitor the store that sells upper-case letters for computers	It's a shifty business.
Why did my girlfriend go on birth control	Because I wanted her to be a twinkie and not a toaster strudel.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To murder link
Why did microsoft go directly to windows 10	Because windows 7 8 9
Why are women so bad at being hockey goalies	Because there are 3 periods and only 2 pads.
Why are women like magazines	They have a lot of issues
Why didn't the engineer cross his own bridge	Because he didn't truss it.
Why are many electronics handbooks banned in Germany	diepole
Why did the bicycle fall over	? Because it was two tired...
Why are autistic people like black people	They all look the same.
Why did barbie never get pregnant	Because Ken always came in another box.
Why don't you ask about the home life of a filing cabinet	It's usually a sorted affair.
Why is gambling not allowed in Africa	Because there are too many cheetahs.
Q: Why aren't Hindu and Chinese people allowed to play hockey	A: Because everytime they go into the corner they open up a convienent store.
Why are government employees constipated	Because they don't do shit.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was outstanding in his field!
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	Because he drank his tea before it was cool.
Why is it that most people who are against abortion	. Are people you wouldn't wanna fuck in the first place. R.I.P. George Carlin.
Why did the police arrest the pedo sheep	Because he was on the lam.
why do i hear the sounds of toilet flushing	Some shit must be going down
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Too many cheetahs.
Why are there no pictures of Ted Cruz holding a baby	They always turn out blurry from him shaking them.
Why did the duck go to rehab	He was addicted to quack
Why did the baby monster put his father in the freezer	Because he wanted frozen pop.
Why did the Xbox One eat its cereal for breakfast, but not its pancakes	It had the spoon, but not the 4k.
Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet	Because he was always lost at C.
Why can't you hear rabbits having sex in the woods	They have cotton balls!
Why don't hipsters like fishing	It's too mainstream.
Why did the hipster salmon not get to breed	He didnt use the main stream
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	For fingering a minor
Why do girls get so moody when they're on their periods	It's such an ovary action.
Why is revenge a dish best served with honey	Because honey is what you find at the end of bee trails (betrayals)
Why was the ginger declined when he tried to sell his soul to the devil	Insufficient funds.
Why Yao-Ming tries to catch Pikachu	He's from Team Rocket
Why does a blonde lay on the floor while shopping	To look for the lowest prices.
Why did the pedophile move to Korea	Because there, Too Young is just a name.
Why does having sex outside suck	NSFW Because of the fucking mosquitoes.
Why do people smoke after having sex	Because they're doing it too fast.
Why did the hipster drown in the lake	Because he went ice skating before it was cool.
Why don't dirty commies shower	Because they don't want to wash away their Marx.
Why didn't Harry Potter want to date Hermione	Because he likes to Hit it and Quidditch
Why is pinocchio so good in the bedroom	He nose what he's doing
Why do the undead read cringe stories	Because they're already... DEAD INSIDE.
Why is tomorrow like your girlfriend	It never comes.
Why do fencers have the most karma on this sub	They are skilled at riposting good content
Why was the farmer disappointed when he tried to marry his prized melon	Because the minister wouldn't marry the two, since a melon can't elope!
Why do teenage girls go to the bathroom in 3s and 5s	Because they literally can't even.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To meet Adele (Hello from the other side)
Why did the chicken cross the road	She heard there was a man laying bricks and she wanted to see it with her own eyes.
Q: Why did the baker bake more bread	A: He kneaded the dough.
Why does Washington DC stink	Because of the B O
Why did the girl blush when she opened the fridge	She saw the salad dressing.
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat	Not because he was in to bestiality, you Islamophobe. He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday.
Why did the Scot screw the sheep on the edge of a cliff	So it would push back.
Why do some girls walk in threes	They can't even.
Why was Ben Stein the only Jew that had prior knowledge of 9/11	Because he had clear eyes.
Why did Cersei Lannister sent princess Myrcella to Dorne	She knew her family history a little too well. Myrcella had two brothers.
Q: Why did the blonde guy ask his girlfriend to squeeze his left testicle	A: Because the road sign said 'Squeeze Left.'
Why couldn't the laptop go to sleep	Because it has two shifts.
Why do black people like the NBA	It's the only sport where you can shoot, steal and run!
Why did the man sleep after being run over by a car	Because he got tired.
Why was the cheesemaker lopsided	Because he only had one Stilton!
Why will you never go hungry in a desert	Because of all the sand which is there.
Why did the Siamese twins move to England	So the one on the right could drive for a change.
Why do feminists always complain about video games	Because they're too stupid to learn how to make them.
Why is it better to be a hooker than a drug dealer	Because you can sell the same crack over and over again.
Why does a d dog scratch himself	He is the only one that knows where it itches.
Why did the polish spy fail in his mission to blow up Hitlers car	He kept burning his lips on the muffler.
Why do people like office parties AND this joke	The punch line.
Why was the tumblrina mad at the gamer	He was pushing the right trigger.
Why are ophans no good at baseball	They dont know where home is.
Why are you so fat	Because I eat a lot of pussy
Why do golfers have the best chauffeurs	Because they're good at picking their drivers.
why do women wear make up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink.
Why did the chicken cross the road	bu-buk-buk- becaaause! (pretend i made chicken noises)
Q: Why did the blonde try and steal a police  car	A: She saw ""911"" on the back and thought it was a Porsche.
Why didn't the baby oyster share her little pearl	She was a little shellfish.
Q: Why does a blonde insist on him wearing a condom	A: So she can have a doggie bag for later.
Why is it not safe to doze on trains	Because they run over sleepers.
Why do people smile in Africa	So they won't run into each other in the dark.
Why can elephants swim - and aardvarks can't	Aardvarks don't have trunks!
Why are some flowers gangsta	Cause they carry pistils.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds	They push two twins together to make a king.
Why is there no windows 9	Obviously 789 I would be surprised if you said something else.
Q: Why is being in the military like a blow job	A: The closer you get to discharge the better you feel.
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks today.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	It heard the ref was blowing fowls.
Why did Eve want to move to New York	She fell for the Big Apple !
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be baygulls.
Why were deer testicles the most popular product at the meat fair	Because they were under a buck.
Why did the stoplight turn red	You would too, if you had to change in front of all those people.
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the softball team	Because she ran away from the ball!
Why couldn't Christopher Reeve pay his landlord	Back rent.
Why is it tough to compete against a vampire	Because they're always out for blood!
Why was Joan of Arc never good in debates	Because she could not take the heat.
Why don't churches, synagogues, mosques and temples have Wi-Fi	Because religions don't like competing with an invisible power that actually works.
Why was Stalin a Bad leader	Because he was staling a country that was rushing..(Russia) This joke was bad. Im going to bed now.
Why did the boy throw a clock out the window	He wanted to see time fly.
Why are leggings and sand the same	They both get stuck in camel toe.
Why do programmers drink coffee so much	So they aren't lying when they say they like Java.
Why dick has a sad life	Bcoz, his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy and his owner beats him.
Why are archaeologists the most polite kind of necrophiliac	They'll date you before they fuck you.
Why can't you trick an aborted baby	(NSFL/NSFW) Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why did the German watchmaker say to the watch that kept saying ""Tick, tick, tick, tick,...""	Ve haff vays of meking you tock.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	It wasn't. Numbers aren't capable of having any sort of feelings, and you are weird for thinking they do.
Why do Scots fuck sheep at the edge of a cliff	Because they push back harder.
Why US didn't attack India, after twin-tower incident, looking for terrorists	Because it didn't happen in 7/11
Why shouldn't you post to Reddit while driving	becau
Why was the sapling such a horrible entrepreneur	Because he couldn't branch out.
Why are Buddhists so good at King cake	Because they are great and finding their inner piece
Why did the Naval Inspector fail the submarine	Because he found it to be SUB-standard.
Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand	Because the Indians just kept coming, and coming...
Why doesn't Ronald Reagan drink orange juice	Because he's dead.
Why was Kermit chased by nazis as a kid	He was a Tad-Pole
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled	Because nobody made sandwiches.
Why did Helen Keller masterbate with one hand	So she could moan with the other XD
Why there isnt Windows 9	Because 9 looks like dead fat man (Bill Gates).
Why do cows like being told jokes	Because they like being amoosed !
Why can't a blonde count to 70	Because 69 is always a mouthful.
Why do Jewish women love circumcisions	They'll get their hands on anything that's 10% off.
Why could Edward not leave his driveway and get back to his home country	He was Snowden.
Why was the little strawberry sad	Her mommy was in a jam.
Why can't you trick an unemployed jester	Because he's nobody's fool!
Why did the thief take a bath	To get a clean getaway
Why don't deaf guys eat pusseh	They never heard of it.
Why does WalMart have so many handicapped parking spots	Because they want to have some available to customers too!
Why would two melons in love hate their parents	Because they cantaloupe. =D.....=).....=|......='(
Why is it so easy to fool a vampire	Because they're a bunch of suckers.
Why is Simba slower that his dad	Because his papa mufasa.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to gay man's house. Knock knock, who's there? The chicken.
Why do black people have long legs	Because they're negros
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens	Because they kept saying ""BACH BACH BACH
Why is the Ferguson Police Department a fan of Pokemon	Because you gotta catch Jamal
Why do priests cry during sex	There's no telling.
Q: Why do scientists look for things twice	A: Because they research everything.
Why do Jews have such large noses	Air is free
Q: Why was the belt thrown in jail	A: He held up a pair of pants.
Why does Bill Clinton prefer B.J.s	Because he hates Costco.
Why don't you .... A husband asks his wife after sex ""Honey why don't you ever tell me when you are having an orgasm	She replies ""Well I would Dear but you are never home.
Why didn't the life guard save the hippy	He was too far out, man
Why are divorces so expensive	Because they are worth it!
Why can't the bishop walk straight	Cause he can only move diagonally
Why was the horse all charged up	It ate some haywire!
Why don't you play UNO with a Mexican	Because they steal all the green cards
Why can a nose not be 12 inches	Because then it would be a foot!
Why did the dog go to the doctor after a tomato fell on his head	The tomato was in a can.
Why are there a lot of problem gamblers in the Harry Potter universe	Because they have a quidditch.
Why did the mushroom go to the party	Because he was a fungi. And... Why did the fungi leave the party? Because there wasn't much room.
Why did 2Pac go to the gym	To get a 6Pac! -7th grade me
Why are wedding gowns white	Cuz the dishwasher should match the stove and the fridge
Why American Names Are Like  ""Jackson, Wilson, Markson..... Robinson, Kenson, Anderson, Davidson, Jemson, Johnson""	Because This Is The Easy Way For Mom To Remember Who Is Whose Son.
Why did the woman divorce the grape	She was tired of raisin' kids.
Why couldn't anyone hear Hellen Keller scream	She was wearing mittens.
Why don't old people like tennis	There's too much racket
Why are dead baby jokes the best	Because they never get old.
Why do black people spend so much on their shoes	You would to if you had such a long walk home.
Why is a ghost like an empty house	Because there's no body there!
Why do all dads have huge dicks	Because the kids have tiny hands.
Why did the bride and groom get married in a hot tub	So that the bride wouldn't get cold feet.
Why were the proctologist's emails so hard to read	Too many colons.
Why did Tiger Woods stop winning golf tournaments	Because he stopped cheating
Why did the Buddhist photographer fail at taking pictures	Bad cam'ra
Why did Donald Trump cross the road	To avoid debating.
Why do teenage girls seem to always hang out in odd numbered groups	Two for me and one for you.
Why did Bin Laden listen to Eminem	He was an Afghani-Stan.
Why was the bee sent out of class	Because he was beehiving badly.
Why did the smartphone go to jail... [OC]	Because it was charged with battery
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day	Regular rocks are too heavy.
Why does all the corn in Iowa lean West	Because Nebraska sucks!
Why are Canadians atheist	Because they are Eh-theists.
Why did it take so long to find the bodies of the black firefighters after the building they were in caught fire and collapsed	Cause the building collapsed, duh.
Why do hipsters always burn their mouth when they eat	BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO EAT BEFORE IT WAS COOL!
Why do cows from the south make the best sandwiches	Because they are in bread.
Why does Meek Mill avoid shopping on Black Friday	Because the stores advertise ""Back to Back"" savings.
Why did the chicken end up in the soup	Because it ran out of cluck !
Why would Hitler have been good at call if duty	His real life kill death ratio was 7mil/1
Why did the pimp cross the lawn	To get to the hoes.
Why are Lawyers buried forty feet deep when they die	Because deep down they're really nice people.
Why did god invent yeast infections	So women would know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt!
Why didn't the female frog lay eggs	Because her husband spawned her affections !
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	Because the P is silent
Why did the chicken get a Ouija Board	To contact those on the other side.
Why couldn't the t-rex clap	Because he's dead.
Why can't a Blonde make Kool-Aid	? She can't fit the two cups of water into the tiny packet.
Why didn't Ken ever get Barbie pregnant	because he always came in another box.
Why does wally wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Why do a German soldier's hands never get cold	Because they've gott mit-uns
Why do my eyes hurt	Because I got eye lashes.
Why couldn't the NSA leave their houses	They got Snowden.
Why can't Caitlyn Jenner's kids ever find her	Because she's Transparent.
Why didnt the asian block a punch coming to his face	He couldn't see it coming
Why did the invisible man look in the mirror	To make sure he still wasn't there.
Why'd the chicken cross the Mobius strip	To get to the same side.
Why does the left foot get all the blame if you're a poor dancer	Oh, you have two left feet. Hur hur hur"" I guess it is #rightprivilege
Why can't anyone stay angry long with an actress	Because she always makes up.
Why can't you ever really trust your toilet	It's usually full of shit.
Why did the cow get a job at Google	Because she was out standing in her field.
Why didn't Edward leave Russia	Cause he was snowden.
Why don't black people pay rent	Because jail is free.
Why did the sloths vote to keep the coal mines open	Because when it comes to energy they're conservative.
Why does the dyslexic Spanish speaker have a poor self image	His chemistry teacher told him he was mostly made of cabron.
Why do you never see black people on cruise ships	Because they won't fall for the same trick twice
Why did the man get kicked out of the ""Russian"" bar	Because he walked in.
Why did Hitler lose the war	Because his tanks wouldn't stop Stallin'.
Why did the cat get arrested for playing a violin	Because it was a kitty fiddler.
Why married guys are fat A single guy opens the fridge, sees nothing interesting there; he goes to bed	A married guy goes in the bedroom, sees nothing interesting there; he goes to the fridge.
Why Eiffel Tower is so high	So the white flag can be visible from Berlin. Sorry :P .
Why do you never have sex with someone's ear	Because you'll give them hearing AIDS.
Why did Cinderella get kicked off her soccer team	She kept running away from the ball.
Why is workplace sex uncommon in local government	Because they are mostly relatives.
Why should you always take at least two Baptists fishing	Because if you take one, he'll drink all your beer
Why did Johnny drop his ice cream	Because he got hit by a truck!
Why did the goose cross the road	Because he's an asshole.
Why doesn't Santa Clause have any kids	He only comes once a year
Why are C programmers poor	They don't have any inheritance. Or... Why should you not date a C programmer? They have no class.
Why do women have boobs	So you got something to look at while you're talking to them. - Thanks Peter Griffin
Why ebola medicine doesn't work in Africa	Because it can't be taken on empty stomach
Why does 7 and 8 feel very uncomfortable	Because they're stuck between a 69.
Why did Snow White buy an android phone	She thought the apple was poisoned.
Why do sharks like stoners	Because they're baked snacks.
Why was the lesbian mad when she got her report card	Cause she got a D
Why can't you use sarcasm with a kleptomaniac	Because they take things literally.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	He doesnt want to be spotted.
Why are indecisive miners the worst	because all day they deal with ores.
Why do japanese have small eye slits	because nuclear explosions are so fucking bright. (i'm going to hell for this)
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9 and go straight to 10	Because Seven ate Nine!
Why is Jesus terrible in bed	Because it takes three days for him to rise again, and two thousand years to come twice.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	Because every time she reaches 69 she gets a frog in her throat.
Why couldn't the boy look at the Milky Way	He was galactose intolerant.
Why can't you use a Palestinian toilet	It's occupied.
Why cant russians drive stick	Because they are always Stalin!
Why don't blind people go skydiving	.. It scares the hell out of their dogs.
Why do black people get hit by cars more during winter time	Because they're easier to spot
Why were the twin towers disappointed	They ordered pepperoni and all they got was plane.
Why did the midget laugh while walking across the field	Because the grass tickled his balls.
Why wasn't Skrillex allowed on the fishing trip	He keeps dropping the bass
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks today :(
Why are the best bellydancers all Arabs	Because they can sheik it.
Why did Suzie fall down the stairs	I pushed her
Why is the Jewish 'April fools day' celebrated in July	Jew lie
Why was it so hot in the stadium after the game	Because all the fans left
Why was the dog banned from the redwood forest	He was barking up the wrong tree.
Why do seagulls live by the Sea..	..Because if they lived by the Bay, they would be bagels! Honestly this cracked me up when I first heard it.
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors	Because if it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
why did the bird-shit did not fall on the man standing under the tree right under the parrot	the bird was wearing underpants.
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	A: He wanted to win the No Bell Prize.
Why are black people afraid to fall asleep	The last black person that had a dream got shot!
Why can't a Samsung be disguised as an iPhone	Because eventually, its cover would be blown.
Why did jimmy eat his Homework	Because the previous day, the teacher told her students; ""Don't worry guys, it's gonna be a piece of cake"".
Why did the elk cry at the funeral	He had lost a deer friend
Why can't the two melons get married	I don't know but they cantaloupe.
Why does Peter Pan always fly	He Neverlands. I really love this joke because it never grows old! [=)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82ANkjVEpYk)
Why can you trust a musician	Because he always gives sound advice. Ba dum tsss.
Why did the dog have a gleam in his eye	Someone bumped his elbow while he was brushing his teeth.
Why are there no owls here	I WAS LEAD TO BELIEVE THERE WOULD BE OWLS HERE! #hooters
Why are gay men so mean	Nsfw Because they're all fucking assholes.
why was the hipster hurt by the light bulb	He changed it before it was cool.
Why are pirates so mean	I don't know they jusr Arrrrrrrr!
Why does ISIS like sheep	Is-Lamb!
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay	Because then you'd have to call them bagels.
Why do pens get sent to prison	To do long sentences !
Why are pirates pirates	Because they arrrre
Why did the ghost work at Scotland Yard	He was the Chief In-Spectre.
Why does the Avon lady walk funny	Because her lips stick
Why can't an Italian snake talk	Because it doesn't have any hands.
Why was the bakers bread so expensive	He needed the dough.
Why are Wayne and Garth banned from playgrounds	They hog the Schwing set.
Why do Egyptian farts smell the same	They have toots in common.
Why can you never compromise with a veggie burger	Because they'll never meat in the middle.
Why did the bird join he air force	He wanted to be a parrot trooper!
Why is Budweiser just like having sex on a boat	Because both are fucking close to water...
Why do so many people like Harry Potter	It's a charming story.
Why was the young snowflake so upset	Because he just watched his mom get plowed.
Why did Subway take Jared so seriously	It was obvious he was kidding.
Why can you not play UNO with mexicans	They take all the green cards.
why Palestinians have the fastest computers	coz they have RAM-allah
Why do primates do so well in show biz	Put any Ape in the spotlight - and monkeyshines!
Why can't you ever trust an atom	Because they make up everything
Why do white girls like Apple	Because once go Mac you never go back.
Why is American Beer like making love in a canoe	Because it's fucking close to water. ^(Source: The Philosophy department of the University of Wallabaloo.)
Why are there no hand paintings from the old west	Because they could only draw guns.
Why do black people have white hands	Because everyone has a little good in them
Why did OP's mom leave the prostitution business	It got too gonor-real
Why didn't the fat duck have any friends	Because he was ostrich-sized.
Why'd the toilet feel abused	Because it took a lot of shit.
Why aren't there any introverted suicide bombers	They have a hard time sharing what's inside with strangers.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	Because he was too far out mannnn.
Why are lesbian prostitutes so wealthy	They make money hand over fist
Why do women like men who can work on cars	They know how to work under the hood!
Why are tamales a Christmas tradition	So Mexicans have something to open on Christmas
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax	For hispanic attacks.
why girls prefer iphones....	because they are use to its type of Aspect ratio :D
Q: Why did the clown cross the road	A: To  find his rubber chicken.
Why is George Bush in bed every night by 9:10	Because nothing good happens after 9:11.
Why don't many Greek men move to other countries	They don't want to leave their brothers behind
Why could 8 see that 6 was afraid of 7	Because 7 was mean. Get it?^Because ^6+7+8 ^^divided ^^by ^^3 ^^equals ^^7
Why was the black kid scared when he had diarrhea	He thought he was melting.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To push Jake off a cliff.... he really hates Jake. as told by my 6 year old who hates a kid named Jake.
Why can't white Tumb1r girls divide or multiply by two	Because they can't even
Why do Jews watch porno movies in reverse	Because they like the part where the hooker gives the money back to the guy.
Why are false teeth like stars	Because they come out at night.
Why doesn't Sherlock Holmes pay any income tax	Because he makes so many brilliant deductions.
Why did the gay vigilante get arrested	He tried to take down a budgie smuggler.
Why don't you people see how racist Pokemon Go is	?? All of my friends are now talking about how they have to catch Amal.
Why I Chose my Internet Provider I chose Cox	At least they are honest about who they are.
Why was George Washington buried at Mount Vernon	Because he was dead !
Why was the egg late for work	It ova slept.
Why does Bob Ross hide his wife's razor	So she always has a happy little bush!
Why did the one handed man cross the road	To get toThe second hand shop.
Why does England always get attacked in the summer	Because the Knights are shorter then.
Why do Nuns always wear the same thing	It's a habit.
Why does the sun set at night	The moon scares the daylights out of it!
Why the java programmer wear glasses	He couldn't C#
Why was the anomaly so poor	Because it didn't make any cents!
Why is Cinderella so bad at football	A. Because she's got a pumpkin for a coach B. Because she keeps running away from the ball
Why did the bee get married	Because he found his honey.
Why do old men need a Viagra and a Doans before sex	The Doans is so their back don't peter out, and the Viagra is so their peter don't back out!
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants	Because its pecker is on its head!
Why does everyone make fun of Batmans old suit, the one with the nipples	Bats have nipples. Hell, that's the most sensitive part of a bat.
Why is Reddit such a great place for freedom of speech	[deleted]
Why do mathematicians think that spring is summer	It's not their fault. May tricks them.
Why do gorillas have such big nostrils	Because they have big fingers
Why can't Canada win wars	Because they'll blow you up and then apologize.
Why didn't the Aztec get their hair cut	They didn't like the barbershop Cortez.
Why is grammar class the most boring	It puts all the students in a ,
Why do women close their eyes during sex	Some women just can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
Why are jeering baseball fans like Grammar Nazis	They make the badder worse.
Why is Islam a religion of peace	Well.. because Obama said so.
Why female sys-admins restart systems more often then men	Because they love those new boots!
Why didn't the insomniac attend his uncle's funeral	he's not a mourning person
Why do ducks have webbed feet	To stomp out forest fires. Why do elephants have big flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks.
Why do black men make such good husbands	Because they're already used to being whipped.
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares the shit out of the seeing eye dog.
Why did the reddit mod cross the road	[removed]
Why did the idiot have his sundial floodlit	So he could tell the time at night !
Why are teachers happy at Halloween  parties	Because there's lots of school spirit!
Why didn't the clam share his ipod	He was shellfish.
Why did the cultists drink the Kool-Aid	To get to the other side.
Why did the cow get a divorce	Because she couldn't take her husbands bullshit.
Why don't you see any slow black people	All the slow ones are in prison.
Why do hipsters burn their lips when they drink tea	Because they drink it before it's cool.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Actually, I should probably stop masturbating at this point.
Why aren't there any headache tablets in the jungle	Because the parrots eat them all!
Why did the pedophile go into the cave	He was looking for miners.
Why don't blind people go bungee jumping	Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why do the Scots wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why did adele cross the road	To say hello from the other side
Why does Tiger Woods have a bad sex life	He always finishes in the least amount of strokes.
Why will people with MS never be great artists	They only have MS Paint
Why did the school boy need Viagra	He was having trouble getting up in the morning.
Why doesn't 'Murica have any knock-knock jokes	Because Freedom Rings!
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 has a hook hand...
[Cringe Alert] Why are Trees never invited to a formal dinner	They only wear Trunks.
Why do Physics and Biology teachers never get along	Because they have no chemistry
Q: Why did Mickey Mouse get shot	A: Because Donald ducked.
Why did Jared vote for gore in the 2000 election	Jared doesn't care for bush
Why is it so hard to forgive hitler	Because he did nothing wrong
Why are Subway cooks called ""Sandwich Artists""	Even art majors deserve recognition
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because D-shells are too big and B-shells are too small.
Why did barbie never get pregnant	Because ken came in a different box
Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters	They both drop their needles !
Why can't you see hippopotamus hiding in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why dont cannibals eat clowns	Because they taste funny.
Why Beyonce	Why did Beyonce sing 'to the left', 'to the left'? - Because black people have no rights...
Why is the crow so angry after his stand up comedy gig	The venue paid him in Coffee instead of Caw Fee.
Why do women find Christian Grey so appealing	Beats me.
Why did the Muslim cross the road	I said to my self as I floored the accelerator. Although I guess he did get to the other side.
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would too if you were named Auuurraaagggghhh!
Why did the computer split up with the programming language.	Because 1 or more arguments were invalid!
Why did the fish blush	Because it saw the ocean's bottom.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they.... lactose.....
Why do chickens sit on eggs	Because they don't have any chairs. Source: my five-year-old.
Why did the police arrest the energizer bunny	He was wanted for several charges of battery
Why don't cats play poker in the jungle	Too many cheetahs!
Q: Why was the firewood punished	A: It was knotty.
Why do they call it ""Ben Folds Five""	Because he folds five penises and puts them into little drawers!
Why did little Susie fall off the swing	Because she had no arms.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself	It was two tired.
Why is there so much segregation today	All Fridays Matter
Why does Batman wear a mask	Because the citizens of Gotham aren't morons, like those idiots over in Metropolis.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to [/r/AntiJokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/AntiJokes/).
Why did the pancake cross the road	His friends egged him on
Why do giraffes have such long necks	Because their heads are so far from their bodies.
Why did the chicken run across the road	Because walking is for suckers.
Why did the black person cross the road	To fry the chicken.
Why shouldn't young people move to Egypt	Because only an old GIZA would live there!
Why is Irish bean soup made with 239 beans	Because if you add even one more it gets ""2 farty"".
Why did the baby kangaroo not want to grow up	It was a wannabe wallaby!
Why was Hillary Clinton running for President	Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
Why didn't the penguin jump off the iceberg	Because he got cold feet.
Why is Trump never on top	Because he always fucks up.
Why do grandparents have so many clocks	So they won't run out of time
Why don't black people go on cruises	They already fell for that once.
Why does the philosopher have an automatic car..	Because he Kant drive Immanuel.
Why did Sara fall out of the swing	Because she didn't have any arms. Knock Knock..who's there..Not Sara.
Why did the man hire a Mexican gardener	Because he was good at pulling weed
Why can't a blonde dial 911 She can't find the eleven	Not sure if someone already posted this joke but a friend told me so I had to post it.
Why should you not tell jokes to sand paper	It's a rough crowd ...Ba da bum chssh
Why was Donald Duck arrested	He was high on quack.
Why don't they have werewolves in Asia	They get eaten.
Why did the cowboy buy a Dachshund	Because he wanted to get-a-long-little-doggy
Why did the marine biologist jump off a bridge	He lost his porpoise in life.
Why are C programmers just the worst	They're classless.
Why wasn't Caitlyn Jenner charged with vehicular manslaughter	It wasn't her fault. Her tranny slipped.
Why did the man marry a monkey	Because he wanted a PRIME-MATE! sorry ...sorry twice if this is an old joke
Why do you need patience at the gym	Because there is a lot of weighting. *sorry. i woke up at 2 am with this in my head.
Why is mustard gas so dangerous	Because it was used in World War One to kill people.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To commit suicide.
Why can't Irish people become lawyers	Because of their inability to pass the bar! Credit to my dad for this one
Why was Han Solo dissapointed in his Blow Job from Princess Leia	It was Chewy
Why do the riot police like to go to Black Friday early	So they can beat the crowd
Why didn't the buddhist accept the Nitrous Oxide for his root canal	Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
Q: Why did the cat join the Red Cross	A: So it could become a first-aid kit.
Why'd it take Little Red Riding Hood so long to figure out it wasnt her grandma	I can tell after like 2 questions if its a wolf or my nana
Why was the Amish prostitute shunned	Because she was up to three Mennonite.
Why did the cell phone need glasses	Because it ran out of contacts.
Why would the Higgs Boson feel unsafe in a country where the leader openly practiced genocide	It would be a land of mass-murder
Why is 10 traumatized forever	Because he was right in the middle of 9-11.
Why is the love of a woman with 20 children magical	Because it feels like a wizard's sleave.
Why were so many men offended by Trump's ""Grab the pussy"" statement	Because today's America has so many men that are pussies and they feared Trump was talking about them.
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund	Because he wanted to get a long little doggy :)
Why do skateboarders make lousy plumbers	Because they only use half pipes.
Why are there so few professional pedophiles	Most of them prefer playing in the minors.
Why are foodfights forbidden in japanese schools	The children always end up with lice in their hair.
Why didn't the oyster have any friends	He was shellfish. Woo! Been thinking for days trying to come up with some OC to blast your brains with.
Why do republicans hate math	They were never comfortable with integration.
Why are vampires like false teeth	They all come out at night.
Why should rednecks NOT vote for Trump	Because Trump wants to build a wall, and a wall is what killed Dale Earnhardt.
Why did the Redditor cross the road	To repost this joke on the other side.
Why are there no good racist jokes for white people	because, only whites are racist.
Why was the hot teacher promoted to principal	Because she was the Headmaster! My first submitted joke :)
Why don't black people go on cruises	Not falling for that one again.
Why can't Mexicans play Uno	They always steal the green cards.
Why was the army recruiter in the nursery	To find more people for the infantry! I'm sorry.
Why don't black people go on cruises	They aren't falling for that one again.
Why is the ocean always salty	Because the land never waves back.
Why did the manic depressive cross the freeway	To get to the *other side*
Why don't people eat clocks	It's too time consuming.
Why did the boy die when a car ran over his finger	His finger was up his nose.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a homicidal rapist.
Why did the Mexican lorry driver lose his job	He ate his tacho.
Why is it warmer near the corners of a room	Cause they're at 90 degrees.
Why couldn't Bing start a fire	No matches founds
Why do jews believe in God	Because Isreal.
Why can't men get mad cow disease	Because they're all pigs.
Why did the scale decide that the scam artists were heavier than the novels	Because the cons outweighed the prose.
Why did the guy stick guano up his butt	Cause he was batshit crazy
Why did the stadium get hot after the game	All of the fans left Glutes (   )
Why can't mexicans play uno	They steal all the green cards.
Why do Jews try avoiding Jewpiter	Because its a gas planet! Its also why Hitlers gas bills were so high. *i intentionally said Jewpiter instead of Jupiter*
Why is your room like the Middle East	Because your bed is practically Iraq! *Hey, this subrettit has to have a few corny jokes right?!*
Why did the farmer get an award	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why do women have cleaner minds than men	Because they change theirs more often
Why was the necrophiliac depressed	His rotten girlfriend split on him.
Why are Peter pan Jokes always funny	Because they never grow old
Why were the elephants kicked out of the pool	Because they kept dropping their trunks....
Why are recycle bins optimistic	Because they're full of cans. *ba dum tss*
Why did the female pirate turn lesbian	Because she did not like sea-men.
Why did the geologist's wife leave him	He was getting physical (first joke hope you like it)
Why did Russia lose the race	Because it was Stalin! edit: Sorry! Communist jokes aren't funny unless every gets them.
Why did the prostitute had a second vagina transplanted on her hip	So she could make money on the side.
Why don't quantum physicists have sex	When they find the position, they don't have the momentum. When they have the momentum, they can't find the position.
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	If it had 4 doors it would be a sedan.
Why do jews get their penises circumcised	Because women like their dicks 20% off
Q: Why did the mother of twins name both of her sons Edward	A: Because two Eds are better than one.
Why did the mexicans fight so hard for the alamo	They wanted 4 clean walls to spray paint.
Why don't women fart	They can't shut up long enough to build up pressure.
Why do Scotsman wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.
Why can't you trust an atom	They make up everything.
Why is santa always so happy	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Q: Why did the Jews wander in the desert for forty years	A: Somebody dropped a shekel.
Why is it called the sistine chapel	Because the cardinals like to be in something, that isn't eighteen yet.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a leak	Because their entire species is extinct.
Why are US flags different in San Francisco	They have gay bars.
Why are millionaires bad at swimming	Because they drown at their own wealth Edit: I got down voted :( I thought of that in my head and just wanted to share it
Why is it once you go black you never go back	Because no one will take you back
Why don black people go on cruises	Pssshh, they're not falling for that one again.
Why do people eat carrots to help their eyesight	They should be eating oranges because they have vitamin C. haha
Why can't you email jokes to a jedi	Because attachments are forbidden
Why don't cows simply run away from their farms	Because they don't have enough sta**moo**na
Why do Christian figureheads not like science	Because it's about two Adams bonding.
Why don't dairy farmers wear flip flops	Because they lactose.
Why did the Sudanese boy get arrested in Texas	I'm not exactly sure, but it was about time.
Why are gay men so well dressed	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing
Why did the traffic light turn red	Because it saw the other one changing!
Why did Sandra fall off the swing	Because she has no arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Not Sandra.
Why did the Indian girl suffer so much when she broke her leg	She was in the wrong cast.
Why don't girls wear skirts in the winter	They get chapped lips
Why did the man use deodorant to fix a broken window	He read that it was an invisible solid.
Why do Indians get cremated at very religious places	Because they all have a ""Vera Nice Sea"". (Say it out loud)
Why can't two blind people get along	They can't see eye to eye.
Why are all Mexican jokes and Black jokes the same	Because once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Why did the man name his daughter Candy	She was the sweetest mistake he ever made.
Why was the piggy bank invented	To keep the jews away.
Why did all the gay people in china go out to vote	They thought it was erection day
Why do the best swimmers come from Flint, Michigan	Because they're always in the lead.
Why are orphans bad at baseball	Because they can never find home
Why did the egg spill his guts at an AA meeting	He was addicted to crack.
Why is it called PMS	Mad Cow Disease"" was already taken.
Why does Bono never get any mail	He lives on a street with no name.
Why did the hamster die	He just didn't have the wheel to live.
Why did the rope get put in timeout	Because he was very knotty.
Why are math students so skinny	Because they buy no meals. (Binomials)
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	Cause it wasn't born yesterday.
Why do thieves have such a hard time understanding sarcasm	They take things literally
Why do prison guards use Proactive	To prevent further breakouts.
Why did Adele cross the road	So I could hit her with my car and shut everyone up.
Why doesn't Jesus like M&amp;Ms	They keep falling through. If that's not offensive enough, replace it with black Jesus and skittles.
Why'd the cookie go to the hospital	It was feeling a little crumby.
Why have I never noticed the 'anus' in 'manuscript' before	It's like hearing music for the first time.
Why didn't British explorers dig latrines	They had pith helmets.
Why do you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp	She's probably thick and tired of it.
Why was Sir Isaac Newton buried at Westminster Abbey	Because he was dead.
Why can't watermelons get married	Because they cantaloupe!
Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts	It's not my fault I'm blind.
Why does Axl Rose have trouble getting his car fixed	Because no one wants to feel his serpentine.
Why did Mary and Joseph's WIFI get hacked	Because Jesus WEPt.
Why do Pedophiles love Pianos	Because they can touch A Minor
Why do gingers get sunburned so easily	It's nature's way of telling us to lock them indoors
Why can you never trust a clumsy barista	Because she's always spilling the beans!
Why is it so easy to trust a hypochondriac	Because none of their plans are ill-conceived.
Why do ghosts never age	They use Bootox.
Why can hipsters listen to Michael Jackson again	He's been underground for five years now.
Why the turnout at Michael Jackson's funeral	He touched a lot of people.
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the toilet	Because the 'p' is silent.
Why can't Whitney Houston be a pharmacist	She over doses
Why Bell laboratories has so many Nobel Laureates	Because the **Nobel** awarding committee cannot say **No** to **Bel** labs.
why are the fish taco and chicken taco always friends	Cause there's no beef
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his kids	Because he's black.
Why couldn't the octopus stop laughing	Because it had ten tickles
Why did the illiterate man with the 3 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend	TLDR
Why do cows wear bells around their necks	Because their horns don't work 8 year old brother just told me this joke, thought it belonged here
Why did the chicken cross the road twice	Because it was a double-crosser
Why did the Frenchman not want two eggs for breakfast	Because one egg is un oeuf.
Why did the spy cross the road	Because he never really was on your side.
Why did Mario lose a life	He stubbed his MiyamoToe. ...I'll see my way out.
Why do conservative gay men vote conservatively	They want to keep the right to bear arms.
Why was the kitten fired from his telemarketing job	For Catcalling
Why are Asians not optimistic	Because they have a limited view of life.
Why doesn't Nickelback play football	Because even if they had 4 players they still couldn't throw a ball.
Why doesn't Hellen Keller play piano	Because she's fucking dead.
Why do you never see any bugs in a church	Because they are in sects.
Why do terrorist use Nokia phones	so they can reuse the phone after the explosion
Why do Meth Heads like to do it doggy style	so they can both stare out the window.
Why did the cowboy adopt a Weiner dog	He wanted to get a long little doggy
Why did the comedian say he preferred his hamburger on a croissant roll	Because,"" he said, ""the bun is the lowest form of pastry.
Why is a T-rex so angry	He can't masturbate.
Why is Hellen Keller bad at driving	Because she's dead.
Why did God give Black guy's big dicks	He felt sorry for putting pubes on their heads.
Why did the demon get arrested	Posession
Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people	Why a man would want two wives is a bigamystery.
Why did the computer get a virus	He wasn't using protection.
Why have sumo wrestlers began shaving their legs	They were getting tired of being mistaken for feminists
Why did Albert Einstein marry his cousin	Because she was his relative
Why did Victoria lose her job	We don't know, it's Victoria's secret.
why do jews watch porn backwards	so they can cum when he hands the prostitute money
Why did the chicken cross the road	It got sick of hearing the vegan talk about how he saved a chicken.
Why don't Korean captains wear hats	Because they don't know what to do with cap sizes.
Why did the vegetable thief get a lighter sentence	Because he admitted the crime was *parsley* his fault.
Why do cows have bells	Because there horns don't work
Why did the lawyer with a torn ACL still win the marathon	(OC) Because he had the power of a torn knee
Why did the cannibal only eat coma patients	The doctor said he needed more vegetables in his diet.
Why can't siamese twins be trusted to render fair judgments	Because they're always partial. I'm so sorry.
Why is stormtrooper always late from work	He keeps missing his train
Why don't you ever see Michael Jordan at Wimbledon	Only whites allowed
Why do vegans hate themselves	They are animal products.
Why was the tallest man in the world troubled	Because he had no one to look up to.
Why should you always tend sheep near a hospital	Because at any moment they could bleet out
Why did the Aggie take a golf club and a baseball glove storm chasing with him	-To golf the golf ball size hail and catch the baseball size hail
Why wouldn't Dolores let William eat the corn	Because the maize isn't meant for him.
Why does a flamingo lift up one leg	Because if he lifted up both legs it would fall over !
Why did she get entry to the pub without paying a single penny	Cause she being she, wasn't even worth a penny. [](/hehheh)
Why are broken vibrators so rare	Because they are hard to come by.
Why is there no mexican olympics	Because everyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the boarder
Why does Hillary Clinton have two Ls in her first name	1 for 2008, 1 for 2016
Why was the little boy speaking gibberish	Because he lost his marbles.
Why did the carpenter join the army	Because he wanted to be a Drill Sergeant
Why did the chemist die	He ate a Pb and J sandwich.
Why are sloths one of the 7 deadly sins	Those little guys don't hurt anybody. They just chill all day.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	Because it wasn't born yesterday!
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why don't black people stain white clothes when they pick them up	Their palms are white.
Why couldn't the life guard save the hippy	Because he was too far out
Why doesn't Mexico have any good athletes	Because anybody who can run, jump, and swim is already in America
Why don't snakes have balls	... because they would look like dicks.
Why are all jewish men circumcised	...because jewish women don't take anything without 10% off.
Why couldn't the rainbow trout get on the same level as his father	Because he was too flambouyant.
Why did the skeleton leave the party	Because everyone was calling him a bone-head. (I was 6 when I came up with that).
why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	For drizzle
Why is santa's sack so big	Because he only comes once a year. Like most jokes on this thread this is stolen, not being a shitcunt and taking credit...
Why are you on /r/Jokes	What arrr ya buncha pirates or sumthin? *tssssssss*
Why does noone listen ever to the guy who talks with his mouth full	He is so misunderstood.
Why do women make such great plumbers	They like to bring up shit from the past.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7,8, 9/11 was an inside job
Why do Jewish people have big noses	Air is free....
Why do terrorists in Antarctica love being interrogated	Snow boarding is fun as hell.
Why are fleas never happy	They're in-fur-iated.
Why did the mission control operator tell the astronauts not to eat any food	She saw some off-nom telemetry.
Why is a cat like a penny	Because it has a head on one side and a tail on the other.
Why does iron man have a vagina	Because he's a Fe male
Why is there no such thing as an epileptic exhibitionist	Because flashing gives them seizures.
Why can't the armless girl comb	Because she already had cancer.
Why did the golfer wear 2 shirts when he went golfing	In case he got a hole-in-one!
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	because Jewish women won't accept anything unless it has at least 20% off.
Why can't Donald Trump get elected	Because no Juan will vote for him.
Why can't you hear Michelle Pfeiffer use the restroom	Because her pee is silent.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg	Because if they stood on no legs, they would fall over!
Why can't you eat soup in The Matrix	Because there is no spoon.
Why did the chip chase the sauce	To ketchup Edit: I'm sorry
Why was the atom laughing	Because part tickles.
Why is leather clothing good for sneaking	It's made of hide
Why doesn't the sun need to go to University	He's too bright.
Why do i call my dick ""chess""	because it's hard as fuck for 6 year olds
Why is the difference between brucellosis and brucellitis like the difference between a woman and an LGBT woman	One is real and the other isn't.
Why was the horse happy to come home after being released from the hospital	Because of his stable condition.
Why is a burning candle like being  thirsty	Beacause a little water ends both of them !
Why can't Oedipus swear	Because he kisses his mother with that mouth.
Why did cavemen... drag their women by the hair	So they wouldn't fill up with gravel.
Why couldn't the pirates play cards	Because the captain was standing on the deck! Aargh
Why was the bull popular with all the cows	Because he was smooooooooth
[OC] Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9!
Why did the Oregon State psychology major climb up the chain link fence	To see what was on the other side.
Why are there no knock knock jokes about the United States	Because in America, freedom rings.
Why was the Tibetan monk celibate	Because he didn't give a fuck.
Why did the gum cross the road	It was stuck to the chickens foot.
Why did the tomato blush	Because he saw the salad dressing.
Why do Communists drink herbal tea	Because proper tea is theft.
Why doesn't jesus play hockey	He's scared of getting nailed into the boards
Why doesn't Trump like Google	Bing, bing, bing... (Source: The Daily Show, by Trevor Noah)
Why don't chicken coops have Four doors	because then they would be Chicken sedans
Why did the strawberry go out with the pineapple	Because he couldn't get a date!
Why does superman have balls of steel	I wouldn't know, i don't know the canon that well
Why do rappers make bad carpenters	Because they measure 5.5 to 6 inches as 8 to 13 inches.
Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License	Because she got an F in sex.
Q: Why are cowgirls bowlegged	A: Cowboys like to eat with their hats on.
Why did the investor invest in exercise equipment	Because it was worth the weight!
Q: Why don't women wear dresses in the winter	A: They could get chapped lips!
Why doesn't George R. R. Martin use Twitter	He killed all 140 characters.
Why do jewish men like latinas	Because chicsas are hot!
Why did two ferrets decide to meet	They were trying to start a business.
Why didn't the drummer commit the crime	He couldn't handle the repercussions.
Why did the T-Rex's girlfriend leave him	Because he said he only loved her this much (hold out t-rex like arms) Sorry this one requires a bit of a visual, but I thought you guys might like it
Why should you never drink German beer with Chinese food	An hour later you're hungry for power.
Why is Oliver North like Kraang	They both love using the shredder.
Why did Bibi Netanyahu lie on a couch licking his balls	Likud.
Why doesn't San Antonio have a pro football team	Because then Dallas would want one too.
Why was the neighbor mad at the Mars rover speeding around her neighborhood	Because Curiosity killed her cat
Why did the hovering guitarist always look worried	He was always fretting over something or other...
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends	Because he is married.
Why did Mr. Clinton want to become President	Because it pays the bills.
Why does Donald Trump take Zanax	For Hispanic attacks.
Why does ISIS wear condoms when they have sex	So they can fuck two goats at once!
Why did the Chihuahua put on a jacket	Because it was a chili dog!
Q: Why was the lobster arrested	A: Because he was always pinching things.
Why was the Narwhal kicked off the volleyball team	He was always spiking the ball.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the P is silent.
Why didn't the rabbit want to mate outside	Because it was Frigid
Why did the little pig try to join the Navy	He loved to sing ""Oinkers Aweight
Why are cell phones like a dog's nipples	You don't have to shout into them.
Why didn't the cellphone attend the wedding	He heard the reception was going to be terrible...
Why did Ms. piggy call in sick to work	Because she had a frog in her throat.
Why was Linda so mad on her wedding day	Her soon to be husband forgot how to groom.
Why did the chicken have a seance	To get to the other side
Q: Why did the blonde only smell good on the right side	A: She didn't know where to buy Left Guard!
Why did the hippie stick his penis in the chick peas	Because he was a hummusexual...
Why are Jewish men circumsised	Because Jewish women only touch things 20% off.
Why was the blonde crawling on the ground in the shop	She was trying to find the lowest prices
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the baseball team	She kept running away from the ball.
Why do prostitutes hate hot dogs	Because the vender always forgets to put on CONDOMents. Goddamn, hat joke was bad
Why are valley girls so odd	They can't even.
Why did the pig go into the kitchen	He felt like bacon.
Why is everyone always late to Auto-Erotic Asphyxiation Anonymous meetings	Because they're all tied up, but coming soon.
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow	To see if blondes have more fun.
Why are hurricanes named with female names	Because when they come, they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and car with them.
Why can't you trick an aborted fetus	It wasn't born yesterday
Why wouldn't the snake go on the weighing maching	Because he had his own scales !
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	He was too far-out.
Why we don't give food to cannibals.. ..	because they know how to feed for themselves.
Why do guitarists put drumsticks on the dash of their car	So they can park in the handicapped spot.
Why can't a bike stand on its own	Because it is two tired.
Why'd the British man cross the ocean	Freedom.
Why don't poor people go to funerals	They can't afford to pay respects.
Why did the dog mistake the dog catcher for a grape	He was colour-blind.
Why did Lt. Lenk and Sgt. Colborn cross the road	To put the bones on the other side.
Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver	She was a woman.
Why do 19th century dancers repeat the last word in their sentences	Because they cancan.
Why is Russia such a gassy country	Because their leader has been Putin for a long time.
why do women wear makeup and perfume	They are ugly and they smell bad.
Why do you need a licence for a dog and not for  a cat	Cats can't drive !
Why was 9/11 the worst day in American history	Because on the 9th November Donald Trump was elected president
why aren't there any Mexican athletes	Because all the Mexicans who can run, swim or jump are already in the USA.
Why did the Irishman wear two condoms	To be sure to be sure
Why doesn't North Korea's population exponentially grow	Because they must build additional pylons.
Why couldn't the apple send an e-mail to  the orange	Because the lime was engaged.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To see Gregory Peck.
Why are men afraid of the world	They spend 9 months trying to get out of a woman and the rest of their life trying to get back in.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because North Korean missiles don't go that far.
Why did the dinosaur walk on two  legs	To give the ants a chance.
Why are you all so excited it's Friday	Monday will be here in 5 minutes.
Why did they name the T-Rex in Jurassic World Rexy	Because if they went with the first syllable it would have been called Tyranny.
Why are elephants grey	So you can tell them from flamingos !
why is Peter Pan always flying	because he neverlands.
Why can't girls play hockey	Their pads can't last three periods
Why did the doctor quit his job	He ran out of patients.
Why did god invent the yeast infection	So women would know what it's like living with an irritating cunt.
Why did the church hire a prostitute	Her resume said ""missionary position
Why is Stephen Hawking going to hell	Because it's a stairway to heaven, not a ramp.
Why can't T-Rex's Hi-Five each other	Because they are dead.
Why does Marshawn Lynch sit in the back at the Kid's Choice awards	He's just there so he won't get slimed.
Q: Why will a blonde laugh at a joke three times	A: Once when you tell it once when you tell her the punchline and once when she gets it.
Why did the Muslim cross the road	His dick was stuck in the goat
Why was Teddy Roosevelt mean to horses	He was a rough rider!
Why did the fat, religious Ugandan move to Egypt for weight loss candy	He wanted to find a lighten mint through trans-Sudan migration!
Why did 2pac go to the gym	So he could become 8pac. To clarify, my 11 year old niece told me this. Thought this sub needed to lighten up a bit.
Why did the cow jump over the moon	To get to the Milky Way!
Why should apiarists determine standards of beauty	Because beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
Why was Twelve running from Seven	Because Seven had a fucking rocket launcher!
Why is it okay for an ice company to commit fraud	Their assets are already frozen!
Why is the government encouraging more American made vibrators	They want to increase their gross domestic products.
Why don't hat store owners and pet shop owner get along	Because you can't be a fan of hat care and cat hair.
Why is a Boston painting school so special	Because everyone there is ahtistic.
Why didn't Microsoft release Windows 9	Because Windows 7 ate 9.
Why does Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand	So she can moan with the other.
Why is it called a Wonder Bra	When she takes it off, you wonder where her tits went.
Why was Ohm the Empire's best scout	He discovered the resistance
Why did the computer say hello	Because it was a Dell.
Why are the Panama Leaks so important, anyways	I mean that canal fucking sucks, so who cares.
Why is cupid bad at basketball	When he shoots, someone else scores.
Why didn't the potter get a job	He didn't *urn* his degree.
Why cant a bicykle stand on its own	Because its two tired! *badum tiss*
Why were birth rates low in 1970	You can't get pregnant during '69.
Why don't pediatricians like to wait	Because they have little patients.
Why did the farmer start a punk rock band	He was tired of Haulin' Oats
Why don't robots have any brothers anymore	Because they have trans-sisters.
Why isn't anyone afraid of China	....Because everyone knows General Tsao's chicken. Heard from a friend today. :)
Why is Putin Always early	because hes Russian (rush-en)
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender! Badum dum tiss
Why do hunters make better lovers	- They penetrate deep into the bush... - They shoot at least twice... - They eat what they shoot...
Why does the bass fart a half-tone flatter than every other fish	He's got a **b** in front of his ass
Why couldn't the accountant keep his car in working order	Because it broke down and he couldn't budget.
Why did Adele cross the road	To get to the other side!!!!!! Like the song, ""hello from the other side
Why doesn't a chicken coop have four doors	Because if it did it would be a chicken sedan.
Why did the blonde burn her ear	The phone rang while she was ironing!
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack	He only comes once a year
Why was Mussolini never invited to parties	He was always fascistly late.
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority	Because they don't like dicks.
Why did the chicken get sent off	For persistent fowl play!
Why are women terrible drivers	Because making sandwiches behind the wheel is a lot harder than making them in the kitchen.
Why can't Kimbo Slice beat Mike Tyson	Because he's dead.
Why are soldiers always so tired on April 1st	Because they have just finished a 31 day March.
Why did Willow Smith whip her hair	Because it has been very knotty. Apologies in advance
Why did Shakespeare break up with his girlfriend	Prose before hoes.
Why did the christian girl like to be choked during sex	So she could be closer to God.
Why don't I play chess with the Prodigy	they smack my bishop
Why do they run the credits at the beginning of Game of Thrones	Because you don't know who is going to make it to the end.
Why did the man drowning in the river think he wasn't going to die	He was in de-Nile.
Why did the 2 stem cell researchers get a divorce	Because they grew a part.
Why was the dolphin sad	He had no porpoise in life.
Why do blondes have big belly buttons	Their boyfriends are also blonde. [A joke I heard in grade 6.]
Q: Why do women have tits	A: So men will talk to them.
Why did Hitler kill himself	. . . . He saw his gas bill.
Why are Reddit jokes so overused	I don't know, ask Dave.
Why don't pirates drive on mountain roads	'Scurvy
Why is Dr. Frankenstein never lonely	He's good at making friends.
Why does a space rock taste better than an Earth rock	Because it's meteor
Why did Leonardo Di Caprio laugh at the Oscar joke	He finally got it!
why does everyone scream when they see you	because your ugly!
Why do lettuce, cheese, and turkey have so many diseases	because they're inbred
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs	A: They don't know the route.
Q: Why don't blind people skydive more often	A: It scares the hell out of their dogs.
why don 't women wear watches	there's a clock on the stove
Why don't dead people sneeze	Because they're too busy coffin.
Why was the milkman afraid on Christmas eve	The ghost of Christmas Pasteurisation.
Why did cavemen pull their women around by their hair	Because if they had pulled them by their feet they would have filled up with mud
Why do neurologists think they're God	Because they can turn any animal into a vegetable!
Why is it always so sunny in Firefly and Serenity	Because they only have one season.
Why is a dog with a lame leg like adding 6 and 7s	He puts down the three and carries the one.
Why do elephants paint their testicles red	To hide in cherry trees. Ever seen one? No? It works. What's the loudest sound in the forest? Giraffes eating cherries.
Q: Why do hens lay eggs	A: If they dropped them they'd break
Why don't you ever see any Muslim methheads	They all just get stoned instead.
Why was Snape in the middle of the road	So you would never know what side he was on.
Why do Italian men wear gold chains	So they know where to stop shaving.
Why didn't the hipster want to see the Saint John River and the Penobscot River	They're two Maine streams.
Why did the lawyer have sex with the devil	Because he'd already screwed everyone else!
Why was Vladimir late to gym class	cause he was Putin his shoes on XD
Why didn't Hitler take a taxi	He was more of an Ubermensch.
Why did Sally cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt
Why is the archaeologist depressed	Some old stuff just got dug up
Why did Ellen Pao fire an employee with cancer	Fixed* [deleted]
Why did the boy feel warm on his  birthday	Because people kept toasting him!
Why is outer space so cold	All the space heaters are on earth!
Why do people like bananas	Because they have appeal!
Why can't you fool an aborted baby	Because he wasn't born yesterday
Why was the ant so confused	All of if its uncles are aunts!
Why was everyone mad after the annual animal race	Because the winner was a cheetah
Why did the hipster decide to drown himself in the tributary	He didn't want to be mainstream.
Why didn't anyone like the bread store owner	He was pretty loafsome
Why was the ghost of Anne Boleyn always  running after the ghost of Henry VIII	She was trying to get ahead !
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team	Anyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the border.
Why did the masturbating murderer turn himself in	He came to his senses.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	To reach the bottom. As told by my 5 y/o cousin.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate	Because of its silent P.
Why were Wrigley, Doublemint, and Orbit watching CNN	To find out the latest on gum control legislation.
Why is Flint MI famous for it's sandwiches	They have the highest Pb : jelly ratio in the midwest!
Why are pornstars so religious	They keep yelling 'oh God yes!' all the time.
Why did the vegetable band break up	They couldn't keep a beet.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they are ugly and they stink !
Q: Why did the bear run around his bed	A: He wanted to catch up on his sleep.
Why did the Gorilla fail English	He had little Ape-titude!
Why did the semen cross the road	because I put the wrong sock on this morning... :(
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because they're extinct.
Why are red heads never calm	Because it's so easy to make a ginger snap.
Why are dockhands never featured in Miley Cyrus music videos	Because they're port workers.
Why are trains so energetic	They have Conductors.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	He was out-standing in his field.
Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth	He ate his pizza before it was cool.
Why is acne better than a catholic priest	At least acne waits till a kid is 14 to come on his face.
Why is it called the ""funny bone"" when you hit your elbow on something and it tingles	Because it's humerus.
Why are vampire families so close	Because blood is thicker than water.
Why are there so few female politicians	It's hard to put makeup on two faces.
Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5, and 6 come before 1, 2, and 3	Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why did the Pollock cross the road	Because his dick was in the chicken.
Why did Samsung call it the Galaxy Note 7	Because ""Kindle"" was taken.
Why was the little strawberry sad	He found out his parents were in a jam
Why are terrorists eco-friendly	They're biodegradable.
Why are Scientology and Proctology alike	It's all a load of shit.
Why did everyone want to invite the mushroom to the party	.. Cause he was a fungi
Why did the cookie visit the doctor	He was feeling a little crummy.
Why didn't the butterfly go to the dance	Because it was a moth ball.
Why are lawyers and their clients not allowed to engage in sexual relations	So the client doesn't get billed twice for getting fucked twice!
Why is a raven like a writing desk	Because they both drove Edgar Allen Poe straight into the grave.
Why Do Black People Run Fast	Because they have to run 3 kilometers and back everyday to get water.
why is it hard to explain puns to a kleptomaniac	because they always take things literally!
Why did the cook go to jail	For beating the eggs and whipping the cream!
Why did the man lost in the woods catch fire	He was heading west.
Why did the puppy get away with committing murder	...He had paws-able deniability.
Why did the rabbi walk into the bar	Because he likes oldfashioned jokes.
Why was the United Nations concerned when the waitress dropped the platter on Thanksgiving	It meant the fall of Turkey, the ruin of Greece, and the breakup of China.
Why do they ask you if you want paper or plastic at the supermarket	Because baggers can't be choosers.
Why does granny have black eyes	She was skipping without her bra
Why is the number eight afraid of the number seven	Because seven ate nine.
Why did King Arthur leave no heir	He was legendary for pulling out.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	He Neverlands
Why does Richard have a small dick	Because Dick is short for Richard.
Why do sovereign citizens never turn on the lights	The sound of electricity triggers their PTSD.
Why don't blind people go skydiving	Because it would scare the shit out of the dog.
Why do asian women like white men so much	Because they don't wanna look at themselves, when they have sex.
Why should you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp	Because she's probably thick and tired of it!
Why is Superman wanted by the police	He is wanted for being the Man of Steal.
Why did the Face of Bo go to the party by himself	Because he had no body to go with.
Why did the EU start downloading random stuff to it's computer	It had freed up one GB of space.
Why doesn't Gabe Newell play basketball	Because he can't make 3's
Why did the fisherman commit suicide when the last dolphin died	Because his life had no porpoise.
Why is Donald Trump popular in the Antarctic and Arctic	Because he's doing well in the poles.
Why don't priests like people having sex while standing	It might lead to dancing
Why are spiders like tops	They are always spinning !
Why do Jewish women like circumsized penis'	Because they're all 20% off
Why couldn't the t-rex find a mate	Because he had a reptile dysfunction.
Why does no one buy food for a platypus	They always have a big bill!
Why are redneck murders so hard to solve	There's no dental records and all the DNA matches
Why do gypsies suck at basketball	They always travel and their stealing attempts end up failing.
Why don't British people pronounce their T's	They left them in the Boston Harbor
Why did the priest go to the gym	For muscle mass. I thought of this one in the shower this morning.
Why didn't the paraplegic look in the mirror	He couldn't stand to see himself like that.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a registered six offender
Why is it so cold at Christmas	It's in Decembrrrrr.
Why does America have so many boasting Republicans	Because it needs some bragging rights.
Why was the calendar nervous	It's days were numbered!
Why do hippies wear pachouli	? So blind people can hate them to
Why couldn't the post-it note make it to his son's birthday party	Because he was stuck at the office!
Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes	A: They always forget the recipe.
Why do pirates prefer black women	They love booty.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink
Q: Why did Ebenezer Scrooge go to New York City	A: To see the Grumpire State Building.
Why did Hugh Jackman single handedly stop a Franciscan botanist from accidentally dropping a match in the forest	Because only Hugh can prevent florist friars.
Why do mermaids put their things on top of clams	Because clams are shelf-ish.
Why shouldn't you have sex with Linux users	Open sores.
Why was 6 afraid of 7...another ending	Because 7 was a black man
Why do white girls only travel in odd numbers	Because they can't even!
Why did Admiral Ackbar spend his entire Hawaiian vacation thinking he was about to get suicide-bombed	Brown people kept approaching him saying, ""Aloha, Ackbar!
Why was Thor disappointed by his birthday party	Because it was more Loki than he wanted.
Why is a dachshund a cowboy's favorite dog	They're always singing about getting a ""long little doggy"".
why did the spy cross the road	because he never really was on your side hold your applause.
Why does everyone find the absolute value of zero so funny	l0l
Why can't Atheist solve exponential equations	Because they don't believe in higher powers
Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Montana	They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin!
Q: Why doesn't the dinosaur  cross the road anymore	A: Because their eggs stink. (They're extinct)
Why was the paleontologist angry	Because he had a bone to pick.
Why are bees the superior species	They have a built in suicide switch.
Why did little Johnny fall off the swing	...he didn't have arms. Why did little Sarah fall off her bike? Someone threw a fridge at her.
Why do Republicans use rulers	They want everything to be straight.
Why can't white girls finish their sentences	Because they can't even
Why do Russian police officers always work in groups of three	One of them can read, and one of them can write. The third one is there to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.
Why could Frankenstein's Monster not have children	Because his nuts were in his neck!
Why did God make four cheeks on the human body	He made an ass of the first two.
Why did the janitor take early retirement	Because he realized that grime doesn't pay.
Why is 'The Game' the most powerful rapper	Because you lose every time you talk about him (   )
Why did god kill all the herbivore dinosaurs	He liked his salads a little meteor.
Why do they call the hardest group, ""The Group of Death""	Four rosters of boners &amp; you'd want to die too.
Why did the programmer die in the shower	He followed the shampoo instructions.
Why does Yoda have the best seat on the Jedi Council	He gets a seat next to a Windu.
Why did the Jew cross the road	Because the wind blew him there.
Why is it easier to pick a prime minister than any other leader	Because there's only 2 factors involved.
Why is a divorce so expensive	Because it is worth it.
Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button	Because blonde guys are stupid too.
Why did Marxism never catch on in England	Because then it'd be impossible to get proper tea.
Why did the monster take a dead man for a drive in his car	Because he was a car-case.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Inertia.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To escape North Korea's long range missiles.
Why is it a bad idea to change clothes at a Pokemon's house	Because he might Pikachu!
Why keyboards... Why keyboards don't sleep	Because they have two shifts!
Q: Why couldn't Tommy ride a bicycle	A: Because he was a gold fish.
Why does the moon have no hair	because it's waxing
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book	'Cause they all have phones!
Why go to college	There's Google.
Why was the pilot flying circles over South Korea	He was Seoul searching.
Why are south italian men so small	Because when they are kids their mothers always tell them: ""If you grow up you have to work"" *Translated from italian hope it makes as much sense as there
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I was wearing the wrong socks.
Why don't Muslims teach driving and sex ed. on the same day	They don't want to wear the camel out.
Why do Leprechauns always laugh as they run across a field	The grass tickles their balls
Why do accountants make the best serial killers	Because they're calculating.
Why did the Egyptian spit out his water	Because it came from the Suez.
Why are girls so good at punctuation	Because they remember to never skip a period!
Why can't a blonde dial 911	She can't find the eleven.
Why can't you differentiate liberal arts majors	They have no function.
Why doesn't God like grapefruit	Because he doesn't fucking exist.
Why did the zombie only eat blonde brains	She was on a diet.
Why is marriage like thin toilet paper	Because you end up with a ring on your finger.
Why did the creepy hipster get arrested	because he was following people before instagram
Why was Hellen Keller's leg yellow	Her dog was blind too
Why does the alphabet like to piss on the periodic table	Because it's elemental pee!
Why were the ghosts wet and tired	They had just dread-ged the lake.
Why are contortionists always angry	Their work usually has them pretty bent out of shape.
Why do sharks only swim in salt water	(Got this is a Cracker Jack box) Because pepper water makes them sneeze!
Why did the duck go to jail	For smoking quack!
Why/How do bakers work	They knead the dough.
Why did Steve Irwin's sunscreen get recalled	It didn't protect him from harmful rays Edit: Steve Irwin was the man. RIP
Why are octopuses so dangerous	Because they TENTACLE.
Why do trees have so many friends	They branch out
Why do farts smell	So deaf people can enjoy them too
Why did the virus get a ticket	Because he was driving under the influenza......
Why did the baker's hands smell	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why did the computer crash	It had a bad driver
Why did the nuke switch course	Because a girl on the ground said ""I have a boyfriend"" later that day the nuke fell into depression
Why did the student go to the strip club on his 18th birthday	He wanted to study a broad
Why did the fisherman decide to go fishing	For the halibut.
Why did the semen cross the road	The chicken came first
Why did Vladimir fall off his bike	He was rushin
Why did the baker have dirty hands	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why cant asians drive	Because cars takes you from A to B
Why was the lifeguard unable to save the hippie from drowning in the ocean	He was too *far out, man*.
Why is it so hard to sleep with Asian women	It can be a slippery slope.
Q: Why wouldn't the bald man let anyone use his comb	A: He couldn't part with it.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo Drizzle.
Why are men smarter during sex	Because during sex they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all!
Why are asymptomatic cardiology patients so trustworthy	Because they can't tell afib
Why did the emoji fly to Syria	It wanted to become an Emojihad!
Why didn't the melon get married	Because it can't elope.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	...because they're ugly and they smell bad!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the ugly guy's house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken.
Why do rabbits go to the beauty parlor	For hare care.
Why does Helen Keller play piano one-handed	She sings with the other hand.
Why do gingers love driving Kias	It's the only way they can own a soul.
Why do women only use putters while playing golf	Because women can't drive.
Why do midgets laugh when they run through grass	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why does Pinocchio tell lies	Because he's a fucking liar.
Why is there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee jokes	Because Bruce Lee is no joke
Why is ""fuck you"" an insult	I mean, i fuck my self every day
Why didn't they use Black Phosphorous	It doesn't work.
Why didn't the cow want to go skydiving	...the steaks were too high.
Why did the orgy fail	No one came.
Why do men name their penises	Because they don't like the idea of a stranger making 90% of their decisions.
Why did the programmer visit the city tour	Because they were handing out guides for the deaf.
Why does Kylo Ren decline all my raid invites in WoW	Cause he been solo.
Q: Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman	A: Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will never be able to support you.
Why did the ghost go to rehab	He had a problem with boos.
Why is Chris Christie such a successful man	Because he is too big to fail.
Why did Winnie the Pooh want to become an astronaut	Because he wanted to go on a honeymoon.
why don't chickens wear underwear...	Because their peckers on their face.
Why is the sea salty	Because the land never waves back
Why ed has no girlfriend	Cz sheeran
Why was everyone afraid of the everything bagel	Because he looked pretty seedy!
[NSFW]Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	Dad: Because his wife died.
Why did no one trust the dermatologist	He kept making rash decisions.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because he's homophobic.
Why was the steel angry	Because it lost it's temper.
Why couldn't the dwarves renew their lease on the Lonely Mountain	It failed the Smaug test.
Why did the Burger steal a heater	Because he was cold. Get it? ""Burr...
Why don't black people go on cruise ships	They aren't gonna fall for that one again.
Why did a man throw his breakfast out the window	He was a cereal defenestrator.
Why did yo girl cross the road	(Joke from one of my 5th graders) Cause she saw me. Another: Why did the chicken cross the road? Cause he saw some chicks.
Why did the chicken cross the road	It was in a race with the egg, but I'm not sure who came first.
Why cant you watch TV in Afghanistan	Because of the tele-ban.
Why did the bacteria cross the microscope	To get to the other slide
Why did the computer science student drop out	He just couldn't hack it.
Q: Why did the barber win the race	A: He knew a short cut.
Why did the introvert polish his shoes regularly	So he could look at others' faces.
why do nice girls always go for the assholes	I don't even like pegging.
Why was the nerd not late for class	...He booked it.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland	They couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Why didn't the motorcycle want to go for a ride	It was two tired...
Why did the vampire baby stop having baby food	He wanted something to get his teeth into.
Why is salsa dancing so popular	Guacamole dancing is an extra $1.80.
Why Derrick Rose's Rape Allegations Won't Stick	Just like his knees, it won't hold up in court
Why is there cotton in pill bottles	To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
why do women not need to wear watches	there's a clock on the stove
Why did the spy steal the laptop	It had a sticker that said 'intel inside'.
Why can't you trust girls	...because you can't trust something that bleeds for days and doesn't die.
Why do we call rulers ""Your Highness""	because that's what they measure.
Why did the Mexican decide to become a Buddhist	He wanted to become Juan with everything.
Why could the french man not count to four	He could not get past the tree!
Why do women love Jordan Spieth	Because he came second.
Why did the dead baby cross the road	Because I kicked it. Bonus wife is giving birth right now.
Why did the man eat all of the bananas	Because they were appealing.
Why does Snoop carry an umbrella	For drizzle.
Why did the polish navy start putting glass floors on their boats	So every time they went out to sea, they could look at their old ships.
Why can't tampons be friends	They're all stuck-up cunts.
Why is Six afraid of Seven	Porque Siete ocho Nueve!
Why can't Two-Face kill Batman	Because he's two Dents.
Why are Jewish Men Circumcised	Because Jewish women don't touch anything unless it's 20% off!
Why does Snoop Dog always smile like he knows something you don't	Because he's been snooping around.
Why have the French lost the war	They have to eat a dessert after each meal.
Why are black fathers always missing	Because white cops always shoot them for no reason.
Why was the powerlifter fired from his job at the restaurant	He was awesome at cleaning the bar, but he wouldn't stop jerking it.
Why did the hillbilly cross the road	Because he couldn't get his dick out the chicken
why are most reddit posts medium rare	because they certainly aren't rare, and are definitely not well done.
Why did the punctuation mark have such an easy time going out with other punctuation marks	It was a comma dating.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because this joke was so bad, even Dane Cook wouldn't steal it.
Why did the kleptomaniac spend so much time in Bed Bath and Beyond	He was taking a sheet.
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess	Because he's dead.
[Horrible Joke] Why did the pretzel maker break his PC	He was too salty. (Overwatch competitive)
Why don't ghosts play sports	Boo!
Why do cows wear bells	Because their horns don't work! h/t to Big Mike, Tha Gangsta of Luv.
Why Are Cats Bad Debaters	Because they're always pussyfooting!
Why does it seem like 90% of Redditors are hardcore liberal atheists	Because the conservatives are at work.
Why was Luke Skywalker convicted of rape	He used the force .
Why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher	BECAUSE There was no chemistry. LOL
Why isn't /u/JokeExplainBot here anymore	There aren't jokes here. There are reposts here.
Why is Monica Lewinsky going to vote Republican this year	Last time she tried Democrat it left a bad taste in her mouth.
Why are artificial eyes made from glass	They gotta be see-through
Why did the baker have brown fingers	Because he kneaded a shit.
Why are Omegle and Chatroulette great dating sites	Because they have plenty of members.
Why are sardines the stupidest fish in the sea	Because they climb into tins close the lid and leave teh key outside !
why do blonds love door knobs	because every body gets a turn
Why did the witch wear a green felt pointed hat	So she could walk across snooker tables without being seen.
Why is depressed clothing so convenient	It hangs itself
Why was Chic-Fil-A founded	So that the choir boys could get more meat in their mouth besides the Reverend.
Why do women love chocolate	Because it's the only time 'rich' and 'dark' are used to describe the same thing.
Why do they wear skirts in New Zealand	Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all  over their faces	A: From eating with forks.
Why did the drill instructor squirt condiments on his trainees in the morning	That's how he mustard the troops.
Why are you screaming my name	I'm right here.. Having sex is weird.
Why did the blonde avoid eating cereal	Every box had, in huge letters, ""0mg cholesterol!
Why is Darth Vader black	Because he left his son.
Why was the sand wet	Because the sea weed
Why wouldn't anyone play with the little  longhorn	He was too much of a bully!
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority..	Because they hate Dick's
Why isn't my hand 12 inches	Because then it would be a foot
Why did the prostitute cry after her customer left	He gave her the biggest tip she ever had
Why did the chicken cross the road	CluckBait.
Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads	Because every morning they wake up thinking ""What *is* that noise? Oh, right, *of course* !
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the P is silent!
Why did no one believe the Psychologist ever went to the bathroom	Because the 'P' is silent
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Why did Hitler's SS soldiers love animals	They were all veteran aryans
Why couldn't the dyslexic plantation owner get anything done	Gingers just don't last in the sun.
Why did the hummer cross the river	For the insurance money.
Why Didn't Batman Go To Church	Because of Christian Bail
Why was Ygritte happy she didn't marry Jon snow	Because she didn't want six inches of snow all year long.
Why did the melon have commitment issues	Because he cantaloupe
Why do strippers hate roofers	They always pay in shingles.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	Because she's a woman.
Why did the feminist cross the road	How dare you question the decisions of someone just because she's a woman!
Why can't animals take tests	Too many cheetahs!!!!
Why is gigabit internet good for you	Because it's high in fiber! haha, I'll show myself out...
Why do I have to answer security questions to pay my bills	Ohmygod please tell me there are hackers out there trying to pay my bills....
Why don't the police protest against BLM	Because they have jobs.
Why won't pigs take up jogging	They don't like to get that far from the table.
Why do white people hate being called crackers	Because they find it insaltine.
Why are fat people so rich	Because they have lots of pounds.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	Because he uses only the highest-quality ingredients.
Why didn't the grizzly bear dissolve	Because he wasn't polar
Why did the Jews roam the desert for 40+ years	Because Moses lost a quarter.
Why is North Korea so lame	It's got no Seoul.
Why can't the penis and testicles ever be together	Because there's a vas deferens between them.
Why did Medusa have to take sexual harassment training	Because she wouldn't stop objectifying people.
Why can't you play UNO with Mexicans	They'll steal all of the green cards.
Why do nursing homes give men Viagra before they sleep	So they won't roll out of bed.
Why can t my 14 year old friend drive...	Because she s a woman
Why did the man with bronchitis get cremated..	he was tired of coffin.
Why does Donald Trump hate pre shredded cheese	He wants to make America grate again.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 had a faulty battery and caused their house to burn down
Why is the bat-boy the luckiest guy on the baseball team	Because when he grows up he will be Batman.
Why I'm leaving r/Jokes Going for some sushi	Brb in a hour or so.
Why did Jesus go to the gym	To make sure his cross fit.
Why did the maniacal chemist drop a rancher into his latest concoction	Because the rancher was a cattlist.
Why do Asians have squinty eyes	because their future is so bright
Why did the phone get away with its crime	Because it had good connections!
why did the pacifist stay away from cows	To avoid unnecessary beef.
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window	to see the butterFLY!
Why are football grounds odd	Because you can sit in the stands but can't stand in the sits!
Why was the schwa bad at giving speeches	He said ""uhh"" way too much.
Why are Redditors so good at fencing	Because they always riposte.
Why was the umbilical cord sad	He got cut from the naval base.
Why did Ellen Pao try to sue the users of Reddit for gender discrimination/ sexual harassment	Because they were forming a massive circle-jerk around her
Why was the web server down	Mary Jane dumped him.
Why don't boobies make apple juice	BECAUSE GIRLS ONLY HAVE A ""PEAR"" AHAHEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
Why don't prostitutes vote	They don't care who gets in
Why wouldn't the skeleton go diving	He didn't have the guts for it.
Why can't ethiopians take med pills	Cause they can't take 'em with empty stomach.
Why do we have 52,455,865 pictures of Grandma	-my future grandchildren probably
Why didn't Johnny go to the 7 A.M. funeral	Because he just isn't a mourning person.
Why did hitler commit suicide	He saw the gas bill
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink.
Why won't a woman sleep with you after a date at Burger King	Because you have to court her before you pound her.
Why were the absurdly dressed chickens escorted from the basketball game	Because two flagrant fouls is an automatic ejection.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven was a six offender.
Why did the scarecrow win so many awards	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why are Asian women so excited about Tuesday	It's Erection Day.
Why does NASA throw the best parties	... they make sure to planet
Q: Why couldn't the woman buy a bakery shop	A: She couldn't raise enough dough.
Why is Gandalf's cupcake shop so successful	Because he has a magical staff.
Why do woman have legs	So their feet don't smell like pussy.
Why cant witches get pregnant	Because ghosts have hollow-weenies! Happy halloween :)
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat	'cause if they fell forward, they'd still be in the Fuckin' boat! I'll show myself out.
Why are Fathers like parking spaces	The good ones are already taken!
Why don't tennis players get married	Because to them love means nothing.
Why do cows have hooves	Because they lac-tose!
Why are all blond jokes 1 liners	.. So men can understand them too!
Why is it impossible to mistake a penis for a vagina	Because there's a vas deference.
Why do frogs have webbed feet	To stamp out forest fires !
Why was 1 all salty	Someone told him it was 2's day.
Why did Chewbacca fail his driving test	He made a few Wookiee errors.
Why don't little girls stay out late	Because Jared likes to eat fresh
Why does Teller piss everyone off when he leaves a party	Goes without saying
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive	She was a woman.
Why do women wear striped bras	Because it's a ZEBRA.
Why are black cats such good singers	They're very mewsical.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	Because it wasn't born yesterday. ...
Why do lesbians shop at sport authority	Because they don't like Dick's
Why did Vivaldi die poor	Because he was baroque.
Why hasn't Donald Trump ever finished a novel	Because he always gets stuck in Chapter 11.
Why did the dwarf go out of business	The overheads were too high.
Why are penguins so shy	They always get cold feet.
Why don't the jedi drink vodka	Because only the Sith deal in absolut
Why is the universe feminine in nature	Because it's made up of galaxies.
Why do ants rarely, if ever, get sick	Because of their tiny little anty bodies.
Why do giraffes have long necks	Because their feet stink.
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the last one who had a dream got shot.
Why can't Mexicans bow hunt	'Cause they don't Habanero!
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the last one who had a dream got shot!
Why should you know who is the bride at an Irish wedding	Because that's the one you're *not* allowed to punch in the face.
Why didn't Michael J Fox order food at McDonalds	He got the shakes instead.
Why can't Skrillex go fishing	He always drops the bass. Teehee
Why can't black people steal from Jews on Yom Kippur	NSFW Dey fast
Why are trumpets more expensive than clarinets	Brass tax
Why do farmers have potential to become great judges	They recognize bullshit from miles.
Why was the blonde's belly button sore	Because her boyfriend was blond too.
Why does Dr Dre make headphones	Beats me.
Why wasn't Hamlet sad when his girlfriend drowned	He was more of a necrOpheliac anyway.
Why did the heart get sent to police station	Cardiac arrest.
Why did the plane crash	?? The pilot was a load of bread!
Why don't men install urinals in their houses	Their wives just wouldn't stand for it :)
Why did the nihilist cross the road	It doesn't matter.
Why are the noses of Jewish people so big	Because air is free.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because if they flew over the bay then they would be bagels
Why did the fisherman keep taking off	Because he was fly fishing.
Why did the Jews hate Jesus	Because he gave away salvation for free.
Why are black people so good at basketball	Because there is running shooting and stealing involved!
Why do Soviets use lowercase letters	Because they don't understand CAPitalism
Why did the capacitor kiss the diode	He just couldn't resistor.......
Why was the pig unhappy in the Minors	Because he wants to play in the Pig Leagues.
Why are birds always short on cash	Because they have bills.
Why can't an Asian couple have a white child	Because two Wongs don't make a white.
Why did the banjo player get into heaven	The devil has standards.
Why are LED's a good investment	Because they always diode.
Why did F'' (F double prime) have to go to the dentist	It had concavities...
Why do sharks live in saltwater	Because pepperwater makes them sneeze.
Why do hummingbirds hum	They don't know the words.
Why can't you play Uno with Mexicans	They take all the green cards.
Why are there many black people hanging around my family tree	because im a black man you racist
Why have the Chinese not got telephone directories	There's so many Wing's and Wong's they might wing the wong number.
Why did the toad become a lighthouse keeper	He had his own frog-horn.
Why do nuns never wear a bra	God supports everything.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team	Because all of their runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in the United States.
Why does Dr Pepper... Why does Dr Pepper come in bottles	Because his wife died a year ago.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he needed a poo. (As in, kneaded a poo.)
Why did Toronto host the (hockey) World Junior Championships	They wanted to see what a winning team looked like.
Why was the ghost uneducated	He was too ghoul for school
Why should you always finish telling your jokes to David Carradine	He doesn't like to be left hanging.
Why does a giraffe have a long neck	Cause its feet smell.
Why do Jews have big noses	Because the air is free.
Q: Why do blondes wear their hair up	A: To catch everything that goes over their heads
Why did the rabbit go to rehab	He was hopped up on easter eggs.
Why can't the motorcycle get up on its own	It's two tired.
Why is Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven is a super creepy movie.
Why do black people always have nightmares	Because we shot the last one that had a dream.
Why are there only 49 entrants in the Ms. Black USA competition	Nobody wants to be I-da-ho.
Why does fluoride cause apathy	Who cares.
Why can't female medical examiners have kids	Because nobody puts baby in a coroner. Hey, at least it was original, again I will see myself out.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put the wrong sock on this morning
Why did the chicken go around the world	Because his name was Marco Pollo..
Why do black people have white palms	Because there's a little good in everyone!
Why did the monster get a ticket at Thanksgiving dinner	He was exceeding the feed limit!
Why are there no Irish lawyers	They can't pass the bar.
Why did OP get fired from his job as a mailman	He never delivered.
Why are Soviets so bad with the ladies	They're always Russian the fuckin' and Stalin the lovin' hehehe
Why was the mathematician detained at the airport	Because he planned to blow up a plane.
Why did the cross-eyed teacher get fired	She didn't have control of her pupils
Why do the Kurds have no state of their own	They didn't get their whey.
Why was the racehorse names Strawberry  Ice	He was a sherbet!
Why did the chicken cross the ""net""	It wanted to get to the other site !
Why did Mary fall off the swing	... ... Because she had no arms. Knock, knock! (Who's there?) Well, it ain't Mary.
Why did the blood-sucking bat hate the taste of blood	Because it was too irony.
Why do the Romans use more eggs in their omelets than the French	Because the Romans feel that when it comes to eggs, you can't have too many ovum. But in France, they believe that one egg is un ouef.
Why are there never any GOOD side effects	Just once I'd like to read a prescription bottle that says, ""May cause extreme sexiness.
Why does hiring a ship illegally always cost $3.14	Because they're pi rates.
Why don't SJW's like guns	They can't handle the trigger!
Why did the M&amp;M 's go to college	Because they wanted to be smarties.
Why do politicians take laxatives	So that they can speak more fluently!
Why did the chicken not cross the road	to not get to the other side.
Q: Why can't Helen Keller drive	A: Because she's dead.
Why did the geneticist get into advertising	Sex Cells
Why do ghosts like to ride elevators	It lifts their spirits.
Why does Hillary Clinton not give good blowjobs	Because her teeth are too fake and big
Why did the blind guy have a burnt face	He answered the iron.
Why don't cows play poker	Because it's a high steaks game
Why should you never date someone with a lazy-eye...	Because you never know if they're seeing someone on the side.
Why do the Irish only put 239 beans in their soup	Because one more bean would be too farty.
Why don't they have any casinos in South Africa	Because there's too many cheetahs!
Why does Donald Trump close his eyes during sex	So he can imagine he's masturbating.
Why do baked goods always have an urge for sex	Because they're in heat.
Why did the cook go to jail	He was caught beating the egg
Why did the bacon laugh	Because the egg cracked a yolk.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning Hippy	Because he was too far out, man.
Why did the accountant go crazy	He started to hear invoices in his head.
Why does Marx only drink herbal tea	Because property is theft.
Why did roman sculptures have small penises	To get to the other side!
Why did the idiot plant nickels in his garden	He wanted to raise some hard cash.
Why do Jews not support arranged marriages	Because the Torah doesn't allow ""force kin"".
Why is th earth so mean	Because it has a lattitude problem.
Why did the wine critic get kicked off the nudist beach	Because he was wandering around with a semillon. (best when read out loud)
Why did the rancher vivisect his daughter	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He wanted to reverse cowgirl.
Why do you become a smurf every time you are sad	Because you're feeling blue.
Why was the composer late for work	He missed Debussy. I'll just leave.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say Hello... From the other side
Why did the woman fall in love with the surgeon	Because he cauterize.
Why did the CS major quit his job	He didn't get arrays.
Why do they call it a ""shit-eating grin""	I don't think I'd be smiling if I was eating shit.
why was 6 afraid of 777	because it's like a really large number and stuff
Why do beaches not get sarcasm	Because they always take things littorally
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself	It was too tired...
Why did the farmer win an award	because he was out-standing in his field
Why does OP never deliver	[removed]
Why do artists never win when they play  football	They keep drawing !
Why does LeBron James wear high socks	His Cavs can't handle the Heat
Why do black people where baggy pants	'Cause they're knee grows!
Why are Apple products popular with hipsters	Steve Jobs went underground.
Why did the cowboy ride his horse	Because the horse was too heavy to carry.
Why did the blond not come out of the shower	Because the bottle said to lather, rinse, and repeat.
Why did the picture go to jail	because it was framed.
Why is a good hooker like a skilled carpenter	No wood gets wasted.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Him: why did the chicken cross the road? Her: I don't know. Him: to go to the shops. Do you think that's funny? Her: No. Him: neither did the chicken.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack	He only comes once a year.
Why did the feminist fail algebra	She couldn't solve inequalities.
why were the rappers late for their flight	they forgot tupac
Why do people with the Flu stand in corners	Its always 90 Degrees
Why do female skydivers wear jock straps	So they don't whistle on the way down.
Why are there so many dogs at the pound	Because no one wants them.
Why does the fat chick give the best blowjobs	She closes her eyes and imagines she's having cordon bleu.
Why do they call it the XBOX 360	Because you turn 360 and walk away!!
Why did the Jews have such a hard time in Russia	They couldn't get with the pogrom.
Why do Jews watch porn backwards	Because their favorite part is when the hooker gives the money back.
Why do women put on makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and smell bad...
Why don't black people make good calculus problems (warning: racist)	Because they'll never be integrated.
Why do cats chase birds	For a lark !
Why did the farmer cross the road	He was fucking the chicken.
Why did the guitar teacher go to jail	He fingered a minor
Why didn't the girl go into the haunted house	She didn't have the balls.
Why did Luke Skywalker never really know his father	Because he was a child of da'force
Why was the homeless man unsuccessful at stand-up comedy	Because his jokes were always in poor taste ..
Why did the elephant jump in the lake when it began to rain	To stop getting wet !
Why was the 6 month old African baby crying	(x-post from ImGoingToHellForThis) It was having a mid-life crisis.
Why don't we drink chicken milk	It tastes fowl.
Why did Hitler kill himself	He got the gas bill.
Why's Prince George great at measuring out 6 inches	Because he's a little ruler.
Why did the mexican take xanax	For hispanic attacks.
Why did the cow explode	Because it was a mooooooslim.
Why does Reddit have so many reposts	Because you already read-it.
Why do you never touch the red dot on an Indian person's forehead	They will self destruct
Why do women fake orgasms	they think we care!
Why are girls so odd	they can't even
Why do polo bears like bald men	Because they have a great white bear place !
Why did the bodybuilder go to the vet	Because his pythons were sick
Why do black people have nightmares	One had a dream and died
Why you don't ask grandma sex questions I asked my Grandma if she ever tried 69	And she said, ""No, but I have done 53 -- that's all the sailors I could screw in one night.
Why didn't Cinderella makes the Soccer Team	She kept running away from the ball
Why couldn't the lizard get a girlfriend	Because he had a reptile dysfunction!
Why do women talk non-stop	Because they don't like periods.
Why is the grass greener in Ireland, than it is in England	It's because we are all over here in England, walking on your grass.
Why was the little drop of ink so sad	Because his father was in the pen, and he didn't know how long the sentence was!
Why don't apples smile when you go bobbing	Because they're crab apples !
Why did the zookeeper take a piss on the seel	He couldn't hold it.
Why do graveyards have fences	Cause everyone's dying to get in!
Why does MLK only get one day, while sharks get an entire week	I guess it's because they're great whites...
Why did the girl put her bed in the fireplace	Because she wanted to sleep like a log.
Why did ISIS throw the gay prostitute off the roof	He didn't bring in enough Jihadi Johns
Why were the sandwich fillers eyes too close together	Because he was in-bread.
Why did the criminal hide in the roof	It was very Con-Ceiling.
Why did God make man before woman	You need a rough draft before you have a final copy.
Why did the dog run into the corner every time the door bell rang	because he is a Boxer
Why do blondes have more fun	They're easier to find in the dark.
Q: Why do blondes stand under light bulbs	A: It's the closest they'll come to a bright idea.
Why did the artist go to the bakery	For shortening!
Why don't kleptomaniacs get jokes	Because they take everything literally.
Why doesn't Kirk like to have one-night stands	Because the girls always cling on him afterwards.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife is dead.
Why did the smart phone eat a lot	It had a big APPetite
Why are there no black people in clue	Because then it wouldn't be a mystery.
Why isn't a dime worth as much today as it  used to be	Because the dimes (times) have changed.
Why is dog man's best friend	They keep the mailman away from his wife
Why do penguins eat fish	Because donuts get soggy before they can catch them.
Why do hipsters hate ice skating	They could never do it before it was cool
Why did the piglets get in trouble in their  stained glass class	They stained it with mud.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 'ate' 9. (it's all about delivery) (it's more of a riddle than a 'joke' per se, but funny nonetheless)
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for a man then for a women	Because when it's time to go back to childhood a man is already there.
Why couldn't Germany win a world war	Because they'd Russia lot
Why was Helen Keller a bad driver	She caused frequent blue-screens and IRQ time-out errors.
Why was Peter Pan a bad boxer	His punches Neverland.
Why do melons always have traditional weddings	They cantaloupe.
Why should you always knock before opening the refrigerator	Because there might be an Italian dressing.
Why was the actor pleased to be on the gallows	Because at last he was in the noose.
Why do blondes like blonde jokes	It makes them feel popular.
Why must you be religious to join the Navy	Because it's a place of war ship.
Why did I divide sin by tan	just cos.
Why can't redheads get drunk	Because they only drink Ginger Ale.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactoes
Why do birds fly south for the winter	because its too far to walk!
Why should you never stand behind Elsa from Frozen	You never know when she'll Let it Go.
Why don't Chinese people roll 12lb balls down wooden lanes to knock over pins	Because to them it's boring.
Why was Helen Keller so good at fingering herself	She was good reading lips.
Why shouldn't Hellen Keller drive	Because she's a woman.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender
Why do christians avoid trigonometry	because there is alot of sin going on.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight	Because the octopus was well armed.
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens	All they said was, ""Bach, Bach, Bach
Why do Canadians call alcohol anonymous triple A	AA, Eh
Why couldn't Robin play cricket	Because he lost his bat, man.
Why do owners of muffler shops sleep so good at night	They're exhausted.
Why don't bananas snore	Because they don't want to wake up the rest of the bunch.
Why can't melons have shotgun weddings	They cantaloupe
Why does 7 make 6 nervous	7 is his plus one, but she's bigger than he is.
Why is a baker's dozen 13 instead of 12	In case one dozen come out right.
Why did the spider land on the keyboard	She wanted a new website.
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells	Because D shells are too big.
Why should you never trust an atom	They make up everything
Why doesn't Santa have to pay for parking	Because it's on the house.
Why does Trump secretly want to lose the election	Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house, that's in a black neighborhood.
Why did God create alcohol	So ugly people would have a chance to have sex.
Why did the Aggie call 911 in the  car wash	- He thought he saw the rotating car washer as a tornado
Why did the Nazi fraulein move to Budapest	She heard there were hung Aryans.
[Racist	] Why do all Asian kids get straight A's? Because the ones that don't are never heard from again. I'll be here all day folks.
Why are prostate exams so important	They show how much of an asshole you are
Why was the Hay Robber's prison sentence cut short	He got out on bale.
Why do scuba divers fall off the boat backwards	Because is they fell forward they'd land in the boat.
Why does Beyonce say ""to the left, to the left""	Because black people have no rights.
why do you put a baby in a blender feet first	So you can cum on its face
Why are all the best Jazz musicians brown	Because they're great at scatting.
Why did the horse run into the bar	He didn't jump high enough.
Why are there fences around cemeteries	people are dying to get in.
Why are gametes so popular	Because sex sells!
why wouldn't the black pencil write on the white paper	it was erase-ist
Why didn't the piece of paper move out of the way when a car came speeding towards it	Because it was stationary.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He still had his dick in the chicken
Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans	They give them gas.
Why does Luigi bring an extra pair of overalls when he golfs	In case he gets a hole-in-one
Why are manhole covers round	Because manholes are round
Why are blind people bad at programming	Because they can't C
Why would a straight guy hate gay guys	Here's a group of men who look better than you.. but don't even want women. You should be glad.
Why was Skrillex never in an orchestra	Because he would always drop the bass
Why do hippies have sex at music festivals	Because it is intents
Why shouldn't you put extra lettuce on your BLT	Because then you won't be able to fit into your B-E-L-T! killme.jpg
Why is it so difficult to convict a redneck	Because they all have the same DNA and no dental records.
Why is there very little honey in Belgium	Because there is only one B in Belgium
Why do engineers mix up Halloween and Christmas	Because OCT 31=DEC 25
Why do girls never propose	Because as soon as she gets on her knees, she starts unzipping him
Why did Bob get fired from his job at the dildo factory	Because he got caught sitting on the job.
Why do LGBT men typically have their whisker-hairs depilated	So their skin won't feel so abrucive
Why I never get drinks at the bar with my dog	.. I'm afraid of getting woofied.
Why do milking stools only have three legs	Because the cow has the udder
Why is school in Mexico a lot harder	Because they have a lot of ese's
Why were the camels wearing sandals	To stop themselves sinking into the sand. Why did the ostrich stick its head in the sand? To look at the camels who forgot to put their sandals on.
Why was the waffle jealous of the pancake	The pancakes was flattered.
Why do all travelers use the road to get to Jordans most popular destination	Because they're all Petra-flied of using the air!
Why are wedding in Wales so inexpensive	The brides are already dressed in white.
Why don't neckbeards hit on people with heart conditions	Because people with heart conditions take beta-blockers.
Why don't communists ever learn	Because there are no classes.
Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab	The scientists were brainstorming.
Why did Mickey Mouse go to outer space	To find Pluto.
Why did Einstein cross the road	So the other side could get to him
Why can't you take a shower with a pokemon	Cause they'll Pikachu
Why is there no point in sending medicine to Athiopia	Because the instructions usually say: ""Take after meals.
Why shouldn't you bowl against a snake	Because snakes make lots of strikes.
Why does it take more than one squirrel to change a light bulb	Because, they're so darn stupid!
Why didn't the cheese get sliced	It was destined for grater.
Why can't you trick an aborted baby	Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking	Because those men already have boyfriends.
Why I'm leaving /r/jokes I have to go to work	I'll be back later.
Why couldn't Jonah convert the Ninevites	Because he was too inefficient.
Why is Santa Claus always so Jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why has sodomy been banned in French bakeries	Because it was a pain in the arse for the customers.
Why was the man arrested for having his skin flute played	It was in A-minor
Why do Congo gamers refuse to play with Belgians	They're afraid of getting owned
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan!
Why did the whale have to go see his doctor	His diet was krill-in him.
Why did the robot become a museum curator	Because he was an Art-Offical Intelligence
Why did all the girls fall in love with the leafy green-blood-sucking-parasite that was full of vitamins	Because he was romaine-tick.
Why'd Sally fall off the swing	Because she had no arms. ` ` Knock Knock, who's there? Not Sally.
Why is it hard to sell bibles in Germany	Because it's a Nietzsche Market.
Why couldn't the Soviet Union get anything done	They were always either Russian or Stalin.
Why did the pervert buy 16.5 pints of salsa	[2 gals 1 cup](http://www.reddit.com/r/Canning/comments/yyhsp/my_20_trip_to_the_local_latin_market_netted_165/)
Why are there no nice cars in heaven	Because abortions float.
Why was Sean Connery accused of piracy while drinking tea	He took a ship.
Why is there echo every time Bono sings	Because he's close to The Edge
Why is that Bono still hasn't found what he's looking for	Because he's always standing by The Edge.
Why do programmers always mix up Christmas and Halloween	Because Dec 25 is Oct 31
Q: Why are people in Arkansas having peanut  butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year	A: Because they can't afford any more pork.
Why does Saudi Arabia have so much oil	Because the women are not allowed to drive.
Why couldn't the butterfly go to the Chistmas ball	It was a moth ball !
[OC] Why does the NSA hate winter	Because they're not used to getting Snowden. (I'll see myself out)
Why don't X and Z get along with Y	Because Y so serious
why would anyone want a baby	it's just another thing you have to clean
Why is the computer so aggressive	It bytes
Why aren't cowboy jokes funny	Ya herd one, ya herd em all.
Why do Italians only eat Italian bread	It's ciabatta buy than English Bread.
Why did the bed spread	Because it saw the pillow slip.
Why do some Italian Christmas cakes cause so much trouble	Because you have to open pandoro's box to eat them.
Why don't Jedi mathematicians use the absolute value function	Because only a Sith deals in absolutes. ^and ^it's ^non-differentiable ^at ^0
Why do you never see prostitutes on airplanes	They don't give a flying fuck.
Why is steam such a hipster	Because it was water before it was cool.
Why won't Goldilocks drink a glass of water with eight pieces of ice in it	It's two cubed! :)
Why is Tina Fey so good with her use of irony	It's in the name...
Why is it weird that the Jews killed Jesus	They love prophets
Why was the dolphin depressed	It had no porpoise in life
Why do the French like Cheap Trick	Because they always surrender!
Why are people in wheelchairs always getting taken advantage of	Because they're easy to push around and never stand up for themselves
Why weren't there any famous gun slingers in the Canadian West	Because they all wore mittens.
Why doesn't anyone die a virgin	Life fucks us all.
Why did the flight from Warsaw to Moscow crash	There were Poles on the right half of the plane.
Why was the Roman upset with the porn site	They only had XXX videos
Why is it so hard to learn the C programming language	It has no class.
Why do cannibals like doing puzzles	Because it reminds them of how they eat One piece at a time
Why does Eatern Europe always fail their test	Because they're always russian to finnish first.
Why don't catholics wear condoms	Because little boys can't get pregnant.
Why did little Timmy fall off his bike	Because someone threw a canoe at him!!!
Why did the calf cross the road	To get to the udder side
Why don't you give a college kid fried chicken	Because their too hopped up on crack and politics to have an appetite.
Why is lettuce my favorite vegetable	Just cos.
Why is the Energizer Bunny such a slut	He takes 2 Ds at the same time
Why is all the racism in America downstairs	That's where we keep them chained up.
Why did the Germans loose WWII	They kept Stalin around.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	He was out-standing in his field
Why do we put candles on top of a birthday  cake	Because it's too hard to put them on the bottom!
Why can we never actually see the sun	Because it's in da-skies!
why did the printing company only print in small print	because yo momma works there and she can only print in LARGE PRINT GET REKT SIT DOWN SHUT UP!
Why is is called Holy Water	Cause Holy God does it feel good when I use it to wash that alter boy's blood of my dick.
Why don't they play poker in Africa	Too many cheetahs
Why did the stadium get hot after the game	Because all the fans left
Why are midgets so skinny	Because they eat h*elf*ally
Why are furries always found guilty at trial	A furry curries only fury from a jury.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella with him everywhere	Fa Drizzle
Why does Steven Hawking hate the band Muse	Because he can't stand their song Uprising, it wants him to rise up and take the power back.
Why doesn't Angelina Jolie like peaches	Because of the ""Pit
Why did Donald Trump buy a Wu Tang Clan shirt	Because Wu Tang sounds more cosmopolitan than Ku Klux.
Q: Why were there two presidential limousines in the inaugural parade	A: The first one held the real president while the second one contained the president's spouse Bill Clinton.
Why were the bakers hands brown	Because he kneeded a poo
Why did Adele cross the road	Q: Why did Adele cross the road? A: To sing, ""Hello from the other side!
Why can't animals ever have an olympics	Because there's always a cheetah
Why don't you put eggs in a microwave	Because they eggsplode. :D
Why did the cookie go to the doctor	Because he felt crumby. - my 4 y.o. daughter
Why was Cleopatra so negative	Because she was queen of denial.
Why do Nigerian babies cry	Midlife crisis
Why was the robber bionic	He was holding up a bank.
Why does Dr Pepper come in a can	Because his sister is dead.
Why do you always see beggars at protests	They're always looking for some sort of change!
Why did the proctologist have his cars towed to the auto repair shop	He rectum.
Why doesn't Trump's campaign manager answer his phone	Unlike him it doesn't have battery charge.
Why did the old man sneak past the cupboard	He didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills.
Why did the butcher divorce his wife	He caught her eating his competitor's meat!
Why do Italian men grow moustaches	They want to look like their mothers.
Why do Japanese women like foreign men	Japanese men can't look them in the eye. Kappa
Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat	Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
Why did the suicide attempt of the stormtrooper fail	He tried to shoot himself but missed.
Why do girls like nice guys	Cause nice guys always finish last.
Why did the scarecrow get an award	He was outstanding in his field.
Why does Kylo Ren have a hard time making friends	Because for most of his life, he's Ben Solo.
Why did a pile of gravel go to jail	aggregated basalt
Why does Donald Trump secretly not want to win the election	Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why's it so hard for blind people to commit crimes	Because they can't see.
Q: Why couldn't the chicken fly through the window	A: It was closed.
Why'd the farmer win the lifetime achievement award	Because he was always out standing in his field.
Why was the teacher cross-eyed	He couldn't control his pupils.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	A: fo drizzle b: fo shizzle C: fo nizzle D: fo bizzle
Why is it dangerous to go into the jungle  between two and four in the afternoon	That's when dinosaurs are jumping out of palm trees.
Why was the ketchup in the refrigerator embarrassed	He saw the salad dressing! Thank you thank you..
Why does Donald Trump love all colors	He heard all colors add up to white.
Why are pirates so mean	I dont know, they just arrrrrrrrr!
Why do they put cotton in the top of pill bottles	So black people remember they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers.
Why do mermaids wear seashell bras	Because ""B"" shells are to small and ""D"" shells are too big.
Why did the chicken and the freemason cross the street	To get the Yolk Rite.
Why did the melon insist on having a big wedding	Because it cantaloupe.
Why was the belt thrown in jail	He held up a pair of pants.
Why would you ask me for directions	You just saw me walk into a closed door.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Australia	They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
why did Bob quit working at the toilet paper factory	Because he was tired of working with assholes all day
Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg	Because like most men, they won't stop to ask directions.
Why do old people read the bible so much	cramming for finals
Why didn't the Mexican go bow hunting	Because he didn't habanero
Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles	He always gets stuck on 2 Across.
Why did Isis cover their bullets in butter	Because the French were toast! This is a joke I made up, along with an alternative : What do Isis eat for breakfast? French toast.
Why didn't the pretty woman walk down the street	Quadraplegic, terrible car crash ...but she still suck dick for money!
Why does Donald Trump watch the Olympics	To see how high Mexicans can jump
Why is a marriage like a hurricane	They both start off sucking and blowing, but you end up losing your house.
Why is the Ocean Salty	Because the Beach didn't wave back.
Why did Skrillex's girlfriend dump him	Because he D-D-D-D-DROPPED THE BABY.
Why do bald guys cut holes in their pockets	So they can run their fingers through their hair.
Why did the crazy Mexican conductor get convicted for a crime	...because he had Loco-Motive.
Why are Japanese people likely to be cannibals	They eat ramen!
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can	His wife died.
Why did the cowboy get a miniature dachshund	He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why couldn't the alligator satisfy his lover	He had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did my girlfriend cross the road	To go back to the first shop we went in two hours ago.
Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants	In case they get a hole in one.
Why are there so many trees in Harlem	For public transportation.
Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower's plane leave Washington DC	He was Edward Snowed-In.
Why did the big pig want to go on stage	There was a lot of ham in him.
Why are planes strong	Cuz they can lift.
Why do french people love to eat snails	Because they can't stand fast food
Why didn't the ghost go to the dance	He had no body to dance with
Why are all rabbits negro	Because they dig homes.
[Knee-slappin, terrible OC] Why was the nun named ""NPN""	She was a trans-sister! *** I'm so sorry for wasting your precious mouse clicks on that god-awful joke
Why... Can't illegal US immigrants play Uno	Because they keep stealing all the Green Cards
Why wouldn't Kurt Cobain let you charge your phone at his house	...the guy likes his power chords too much.
Why do the jews have such big noses	because air is free
Why did Elton John's trucking company only work weekends	Because Saturday nights alright for freighting.
Why does it take longer to make a snow woman than a Snowman	Because you have to hollow out the head.
Why do black people love fried chicken	Because it's fucking delicious, you racist
Why roboticize vacuuming	It's all instant gratification. It's the crack of cleaning.
Why does the squirrel swim on his back	To keep his nuts dry.
Why doesn't Rihanna tell her boyfriend jokes anymore	He always beats her to the punchline.
Q: Why do blondes occupy about 90% of the net bandwidth	A: Because they keep accidentally deleting their copies of the blonde joke list.
Why couldn't I run the Compressed File	I was missing the important Bits.
Why did the blonde quit using the pill	Because it kept falling out.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long	Then it'll be a foot. I'm so sorry.
Why did the Crimean run across the Street	Because he was Russian
Why do sneaky rogues prefer to wear leather	Because it's made of hide.
Why did Boba Fett work alone	Because he was hunting Solo.
Why doesn't communism work in a school enviroment	Because everyone would get the same Marx.
Why did the opossum cross the road	To get to the middle.
Why did Jeb Bush cross the road	To get to the other side! ^^Please ^^Clap
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing her seat belt.
Why did 10 die	He was in the middle of 9/11.
Why did the Strip club manager reject a retired Fireman's job application	Becuase he'd fire hoes.
Why is the part of a woman between her hips and her breasts called a waist	Because they could have easily fitted in another pair of tits there...
Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out of the window	He wanted to see a waterfall.
Why did the man put a clock under his desk	He wanted to work overtime.
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	A: He wanted to win the no bell prize!
Why did the elephant paint his balls red	To hide in a cherry tree.... What makes the loudest noise in the jungle? A monkey picking cherries.
Why did Mr. T reject Socialism	Because he stumbled across a quote by Karl Marx which said: ""All you have to lose is your chains.
Why did the fatty cross the road	Because the free pizza wouldn't
Why are black people good at basketball	Because they shoot, steal, and run.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors	Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why do Jews hate sex	Because porkin isn't kosher.
Why did the donkey cross the road and cause an accident	Cause he's an ass.
Why don't blind people skydive	Cuz the guide dogs are scared as fuck.
Why do lesbians shop at sports authority	Because they don't like DICKS.
Why was Eazy-E Straight outta Conciousness	He had N.W.Aids
Why do Scottish men wear kilts instead of jeans	Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie	He was too far out man.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie	He was too far out man!
Why was a guy arrested for peeing on Indian land	He was on a Nipissing reserve.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax	For Hispanic attacks
Why can't PC gamers use Uber	Too many incompatible drivers.
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Because their pecker is on their face.
Why did the Chili Pepper cross the road	To get to the other side...to get to the other siiiide
Why couldn't the pirate play cards	Because he was sitting on the deck!
Why do waitresses hate mohels	Because they never leave a tip.
Why do tigers eat raw meat	Because they don't know how to cook!
Why can't you play hide and go seek with a Pokemon	Because he'll peek-at-chu!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate	Because of its silent ""p
Why can't humans hear a dog whistle	Because dogs can't whistle. (X-post from r/dadjokes)
Q: Why did the man put cheese on his computer	A: He wanted to feed the mouse.
Why do Jewish women love to be prostitutes	You got it, you sell it, you still got it.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To go look for his flatmate.
Why do male midgets laugh so hard when they play football	It's because the grass tickles their balls.
Why couldn't the Ghostbusters ever finish Oregon Trail	Because they couldn't cross the streams.
Why didn't the melons get married	Because they cantaloupe...
Why is the twin towers and gender the same	There used to be two of them but now it's to offensive to talk about.
Why did Miss Piggy call in sick to work	Because she had a frog in her throat.
Why are men better cooks than women	Because with a sausage, a couple of eggs, and some cream, a man can keep a woman full for 9 months.
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party	To find a tight seal.
Why did your mom tip the delivery boy	She wanted a pizza dat ass.
Why do we all need a Jew for a friend	Because he'll never give you a penny for your thoughts, he'll never put his two cents in, &amp; he'll never drop a dime on you!
Why do cows have hooves and not feet	Because they lactose.
why google is a she	she have an answer for everything
Why are camels called the ships of the desert	Cause they're filled with Arab seamen!
Why are volcanoes mischievous	Because they erupt to no good.
Why don't people give Melania Trump a break	.. Life is hard enough growing up as a black woman in the USA.
Why is Santa so Jolly	Because he knows where all the Naughty Girls live.
Why did the liberal go to the gynecologist	She was feelin' the Bern!
Why wasn't Jesus born in Detroit	Because God couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Q: Why does the corn get mad at the farmer	A: Because he is always pulling on his ears.
Why does the lemon feel uncomfortable making friends outside of tumblr	Because it has cis-trust issues
Why should you be scared of a white person in prison	Because they are most certainly guilty.
Why do people still buy bottle openers	I just don't see the reason for purchasing a bottle opener. I've been using my seat belt for years!
Why do waitresses love serving men in fedoras	If you're nice to them, their tipping intensifies.
Why does Mr. Pencil hate Mr. Pen so much	Because he is an erascist.
Why was the mentally challenged midget crying	He was a little down.
Why are Bananas and Chocolate Good friends	They compliment each other nicely.
why are blacks such good pimps	because they have been using hoes for sentuarys
Why do they say cleanliness is next to godliness	Because every time i talk dirty to my wife she tells me to go to hell.
Why did the rapper go to Whole Foods	He heard they had fresh beets.
Why didn't the cashier get the punchline	It didn't register.
Why was Pinocchio acting drunk	He couldn't handle his lacquer
Why do young girls go to the restroom in odd numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why can't a bicycle stand up by itself	Because it is two-tired (too tired).
Why was Dracula always willing to help  young vampires	Because he liked to see new blood in the business.
Why is it easy to talk to people who earn little pay	Because they make cents!
Why is it socially acceptable to wear a bikini at the beach but not on the bus	At the end of the day I'm just a guy in a bikini on the bus.
Why are horse-drawn carriages so unpopular	'Cause horses are rubbish at drawing
Why do Jewish people have short necks	.. (Shrugs Shoulders) I don't know.
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey	Because he kept getting nailed to the boards
Why are camouflage jokes always great	Because you never see them coming.
Why don't Buddhists vacuum in the corners of the monastery	Because they have no attachments.
Q: Why do liberals travel in threes	A: One to read one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both  intellectuals.
Why shouldn't you put a baby in the microwave	Because you get better results from slowly roasting it in the oven.
Why do farts stink	So the deaf can enjoy them too.
Why are jokes in base 8 not funny	Because 7,10,11!
Why are white people racist against black people	Cause they have smaller PPs lol
Why don't programmers go on panty raids	Because they get undie find errors.
why is there Head & Shoulders shampoo	who has hair on their shoulders. whos shampooing their shoulder hair. please come forward
Why didn't the Jews fight in WWII	They all went camping.
Why do people at work always laugh at my jokes	Because they're paid to.
Why couldn't the rapist go to the bathroom	The door read ""Gentlemen.
Why did moses break his glasses in half	He wanted to part his sees.
Why shouldn't you play cards in the jungle	Too many cheetahs!
Why couldn't the glue hold the walls together	Because it wasn't ceiling.
Why can't Chinese couples have caucasian babies	Because two wongs dont make a white
Why did the vulture fly United Airlines	Because they allow 1 free carrion
Why does Donald Trump watch the olympics	To see how high the mexican pole jumpers can jump.
Why are kids with DS getting elected prom kings and queens	Either way, they're going down in history.
Why did Jimmy get into a horrific car accident	He let God take the wheel Edit: *Jesus.* He let *Jesus* take the wheel
Why is a psychiatrist like a  squirrel	Because they are both surrounded by nuts.
Why was the broom late for work	It over swept.
Why did the rabbits go on strike	They wanted a better celery!
Why is Texas not a part of Mexico	Because Oklahoma sucks so much
Why does a pony have a sore throat	Because it's a little hoarse.
Why did the scarecrow win the award	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	He received the gas bill.
Why was the lightning grilled on the stove	-To make heat lightning
Why shouldn't Mexicans play UNO	They keep taking all the green cards
Why is Microsoft skipping Windows 9 and going straight to Windows 10	Because 7 8 9!
Why is it so cold in San Francisco	Giant fans.
Why don't ghosts like rainy days	Because it dampens their souls!!!!
Why did the black kid wish for a white Christmas	Because all his white friends got better gifts than him.
Why do Canadian women use hockey pucks instead of tampons	Because they last for 3 periods.
Why does Al Gore hate Oil Spills	they get all over the sheets.
Why do girls always walk in groups of odd numbers	Because they can't even...
Why couldn't the cow leave the farm	She was pasteurized!
Why did the 25 year old cross the street	To catch a charmander.
Why is Germany taking in immigrants	because they have the camps.
Why did the pedophile buy a guitar	To finger A-Minor.
Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids	Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.
Why was the lonely instantiated object always asked to sit in the hallway at school	Because only friends were allowed to access the class.
Why are wedding dresses white	So the dishwasher matches the stove.
Why are my pubes curly	Because if they were straight, they'd be poking you in the eyes.
Why were the coffee beans upset	Because they were grounded.... Or black I am not sure.
Why was the guitarist arrested	Because he was fingering A minor...
Why did the Anthropod need braces	It had a trilobite. Get it? ..I'll show myself to the door.
Why do Gorillas have big nostrils	Because they have big fingers. My FAVORITE clean joke, by far.
Why did the rancher stop attending poker night with his marijuana smoking steers	The steaks were getting too damn high.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	He doesn't want to be spotted!
Why are none talking in the ladies sauna	They are sitting on their lips!
Why does Waldo wear stripes	He doesn't want to be spotted.
Why did Einstein refuse to help people fix their cars	Because his colleagues would call him the Quantum Mechanic.
Why do programmers like to concatenate time stamps	It's the only way they can get a string of dates.
Why is the rear end of a boat so tough	It's made of stern stuff.
Why did the muscle miss class	...because it wasn't a-tendon!
Why couldn't the Germans make a good vacuum chamber	There was too much gas in them.
Why did the girl Gorilla engaged to the invisible man call off the wedding	Because in the last analysis she just couldn't see it!
Why are there so many trees in Harlem	Public Transportation
Why wasn't Michael Jackson healthy	Artificial colouring.
Why can't iron oxide get a date	Porque es FeO Little bilingual chemistry joke for you guys.
Why shouldn't you have coffee while on the clock	Because that would be ""grounds"" for termination!
Why did the Mexican put hot sauce on his taco	Por flavor
Why are Chameleons surprisingly good at flying	Because they are always in duh skies
Why can't midgets run	The grass tickles their balls.
Why were the orphans thrown out of the restaunt	Because it Was a family restraunt
Why did Bruce Jenner wait until age 65 to become a woman	He wanted to avoid menopause.
Why can you call a liberal a leftist but can't call a conservative a rightist	Because they're always the wrongest.
Why was Germany in debt after WWII	The gas bill was too high.
Why LOTR is a metaphor for life	Man puts ring on finger, slowly goes insane!
Why does Trump hate McCain so much	He heard McCain stayed in a Hilton for 5 years.
Why can't Chuck Norris complete forms and applications on the internet	Because he can't bring himself to click the ""submit"" button.
Why are liars so lazy	Because they are always lying in bed!
Why did the chicken cross the road with a knife	Because it saw Lena Dunham on the other side.
Why is it a dog finds great joy sticking his head out of a car going 55mph, but if you blow in his face he'll try and kill you	.........Bad Breath
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	He only comes once a year.
Why did the feminist's bakery go out of business	She told people to stop patronizing her.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say hello from the other side.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say hello from the other side!
Why do clouds make good Kings	Because they have rain over every country in the world.
Q: Why do fish live in saltwater	A: Pepper makes them sneeze.
Why do women close their eyes during sex	They don't want to see men having a good time
Why is it called a wonderbra	Because when its opened you wonder where are the boobs
Why do Mexicans always install those tiny steering wheels in their cars	So they can drive with the handcuffs on.
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away	You'd run away too if your name was Mweauuuuuaoooeeo
Why can't bicycles stand on their own	They are two tired.
Why is Kim Jong Un like todays music	They both ain't got the same Seoul.
Why do you always need to take 2 baptists on a fishing trip instead of one	If you take one, he'll drink all of your beer, If you take 2 neither will drink a drop
Why does nobody talk to circles	Because there is no point!
Why did Vanilla Ice steal a can of hair spray	Because the label said, ""Contents Under Pressure"" Got this joke from my brother :D
Why Do Sorority Girls Travel In Packs Of 1, 3, 5 or 7	Because they can't even.
Why is the story of Jesus the longest porn in history	Because 2000 years after he rose again, everyone is still waiting for the second coming.
Why did the cheeseburger fight the veggie burger	It had beef.
Why was the shirt smelly	Because it was a heavy sweater!
Why did the Indian cross the road	To buy chikken tikka masala!
Why was the dog shaking	He had Barkinson's
Why did the pirate's rap song become such a hit	The bass was pegged, his hook was just right, and it made all the girls shake they booty.
Why did the seamen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Why did the chicken love Campbell's Soup	Because his family had stock in the company.
Why did Hitler shoot himself	He saw his gas bill!
Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet	She didn't want to wake the sleeping tablets!
Why couldn't Marco Rubio register on a web forum	The website required him to prove that he is not a robot.
Why are these Facebook status updates so much more interesting than usual	Oh, because this isn't Facebook - it's a mattress label. My bad.
Why do babies cry when they're born	Because it's the most painful day in their lives
Why is the number of black priests so small	Most of them run away after being called father once or twice
Why do gay pirates always fight each other	They are always trying to get to the others booty
Why did the skunk buy four boxes of tissues	Because he had a stinking cold!
Why are prison escapees so frustrating	Because they never finish their s
Why did D.R.E. call his headphones Beats	He named them after his favorite father-son activity.
Why do women have legs	To not leave a slime trail.
Why did the programmer get a job at the photographers	They needed a developer.
Why is Santa always so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. You've probably heard this one before. But it's Christmas tomorrow so what the hell.
Why was the nose running	Cuz it's a running nose
Why did the snail draw an ""S"" on the side of his car	So that when he drove by people could say, ""Look at that escargot!
Why did princess Diana cross the road	because she wasn't wearing a seat belt
Why do they say ""be there or be square""	because if you are square, you are not around.
Why was the struggling mange seen shaking the club cat	To see if there was any more money in the kitty !
Why do gorillas have such big nostrils	because their fingers are so big.
Why did the pervert like to watch girls in their entrance hallways	He was a foyer.
Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged	Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
Why did Karl Marx always buy cheap tea	Because he believed that all proper tea was theft.
Why do chemists go to the gym so much	Before they titrate, they need to get buffer!
Why did the freshly circumcised penis experience uncontrollable road rage	Someone cut him off.
Why was the snow yellow	Elsa let it go!
Why are Jews and the Amish so similar	Neither like cooking with gas.
Why did Wile E. Coyote have a ""Detour"" sign pointing to the edge of a cliff	To throw the Roadrunner off.
Why do Scottish men watch porno movies backwards	Because they like the scenes where the prostitutes return the money to their clients.
Why is /r/jokes so keen to build a wall to keep things out that aren't funny	They're afraid of the competition.
Why did the worker get fired from the hp computer factory	He threw out all the computers with ""dy"" on them.
Why is it hard to play Uno with Mexicans	They steal all the green cards.
Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers	They can't even.
Why did the Trix bunny hand out eggs	Chicks are for kids!
Why did the man's kidneys fail	They didn't study.
Why did Hitler shoot himself	Because he got his gas bill.
Why don't women wear watches	Because there's a perfectly good clock on the stove
Why do programmers hate designing flood defence simulations	Because of the overflow errors!
Why do Apes love to go to school in bad neighbourhoods	They like any jungle - even a blackboard jungle!
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell.
Why were the Three Wise Men covered in soot	Because they came from afar.
Why does vampire Superman want to go out	Because he doesn't want to be around the crypt tonight. (you can tell i made that up)
Why did the illegal latinos all fail their English classes	They didn't turn in their eses.
Why is sex like snow	Because you never know how many inches you'll get or how long it will last..
Why do white people own so many pets	Because we're not allowed to own people anymore.
Why do gorillas have such big nostrils	Cos they got big fingers.
Why does my porn website have a share to google+ button	...I dont want people to know I use google+
Why did hitler killed himself	He got the bill for gas
Why did Snoop Dogg go to Germany	For Schnitzel.
Why did Theon Greyjoy become Reek as Ramsay Bolton's hostage	He was suffering from Starkhome syndrome
Why was the dog so depressed	He was having a hard time looking up.
Why did the Japanese man take a stick of butter and some oil to his garden	He wanted to see a butterfry
Why did the woman buy new wine glasses	Because the ones she was using made everything blurry.
Why people don't use #YOLO anymore	Because they lived once
Why are fat girls so good at giving head	Because they have to be.
Why is Kim Jong-un so hungry	Because hes got no Sole!
[NSFW] Why are gay men sometimes referred to as ""butt pirates	Cause they love plundering booty.
Why does r/jokes smell like rotten eggs	Because it's full of bad yolks.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get the newspaper. Do you get it? Neither did the chicken.
Why did the chicken cross the road	It saw a cock!
Why can't you go fishing with Skrillex	Because he always drops the bass.
Why don't lesbians cook	They rather eat out.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own	because it is two-tyred. edit: sorry about ""it's own"".
Why do Stasi officers make such good taxi drivers	You get in the car and they already know your name and where you live.
Why did the orange move to veggieland	So he could live in peas and hominy.
Why did the referees stop the leper hockey game	There was a face-off in the corner.
Why did the clam get in an accident	He was talking on his shellphone.
Why did the Chicken cross the road	To get to your house!!! Alright, that was a lame joke...here's another: * Knock, Knock. * Who's There? * THE CHICKEN!!!
Why do jews get so little annuity	Because they only worked from 38 to 45
Q: Why aren't Clinton White House staffers given coffee breaks	A: It takes too long to retrain them.
Why can't we see photons having sex	They do it in the super-position.
Why were piggy banks made	To keep the Jews away from the money
Why do fish swim in salt water	Because pepper would make them sneeze.
Why was hitler's suicide such a suprise	Because we did nazi it coming
Why do tornadoes move so erratically	-They are dizzy
Why are rabbits like calculators	They both multiply a lot.
Why do Communists drink herbal tea	Because proper-tea is theft.
why did the pervert cross the road	because his dick was stuck in the chicken
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank the coffee before it was cool
Why is it hard for Arab men to have a guy's night out	They have to find babysitters for their wives.
Why did Waldo wear a striped shirt	He didn't want to be spotted.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say HELLO from the other sideeeee
Why do Nazis love Vinyls	Cause you can turn the tables from 45 to 33.
Why can lesbians leave town faster than gay men	A lesbian can just lickitey-split, a gay man has to pack his shit first.
Why did the nose run	It did snot want to be late
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9	Because Windows 7 8 9.
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	Because he only comes ones a year &amp; when he does its in a chimney!
Why couldn't the tree solve the Lumberjack's riddle	He was stumped.
Why didn't the lesbians go shopping for sports equipment	Because they don't like Dicks.
Why wasn't Thor invited to his brother's surprise party	Odin wanted to keep it 'Loki'.
Why did Harrison Ford Crash his plane	because he was flying solo and went look no hans...
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff	tequila!
Why was Jesus not born in Australia	Because God could not find three wise men and a virgin.
Why does KFC only sell christian chicken	Because the muslim ones are on the no-fry list.
Why is Peter pan always flying	Because he NEVERLANDS. This joke is great because it never grows old.
Why does nobody ever talk about Jack the Ripper's sleazier French cousin	Jock the stripper.
Why did the woman take her third aborted fetus to see the priest on Sunday	Half Life 3 Confirmed!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Cos it was the right answer...
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months	The box said 2-4 years!
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Inertia
Why do black people talk funny	They don't, it's a miff.
Why was the astronaut so sore	He had a buildup of ga-lactic acid.
Why are divorces so damn expensive	Because they are fucking worth it!
Why did the man cross the road	Because his dick was in the chicken!
Why did the midget get kicked out of the nudist colony	He kept getting in everyone's hair.
Why Can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the P is Silent!
Why are astronauts successful people	Because they always go up in the world !
Why do java developers always wear eyeglasses	Because they dont C#
Why shouldn't you buy Ukrainian underpants	Cos Chernobyl fall out
Why doesn't anyone ever add Paul Walker on Xbox	He spends all of his time on the dashboard.
Why don't black people get sunburns	Prisons are indoors. *(sorry black redditors)*
Why are the saxophone afraid of the trombone	Because the trombone is a sax offender.
Why did the Mexican push his wife over the cliff	Tequila
Why did the man clean up after getting a sex change	He felt disorganized.
Why did everyone turn away when the race car drove past	It had a SPOILER on it.
Why do hipsters drink coffee so quickly	They want to finish before it's cool.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	To get to the bottom!
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	To get to the bottom.
Why does the snoop dog bring an umbrella	For the drizzle
Why did the tumblrina quit being a teacher	It wasn't her job to educate people.
Why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher	There was no chemistry.
Why did the thief killed himself after getting caught stealing instruments from an orchestra	He didn't have a safe Hayden place, and couldn't Handel the thought of being sent Bach to prison.
Why didint Stalin like his new IPhone	It had a 5 year plan
Q: why you can't smoke weed with Mexicans A:	Because when you ask them for papers they run away
Why are white girls so odd	Because they can't even.
Why is 6 scared of 7	Cause 7 is a six offender
Why was the doctor so stressed out	He lost his patients...
Why should you never date an atom	The split is gonna be explosive
Why did the butcher get fired	For bringing home the bacon.
Why was 9 afraid of 7	Because 7 had some PCP and was going ape shit!
Why do people say that Canadians always want to establish that they're Canadian	As a Canadian, this offends me.
Why did the terrorist cross the road	To send people to the other side.
Why is the moon like a dollar	It has four quarters.
Why was the stadium so cool	it was full of fans. Thank thank you for your time
Why can't hellen keller drive	She's a woman!
Why did the man snort Dr. Pepper	He thought it was Coke!
Why did the retired police officer decide to become a DJ	So he could still get to say ""Put your hands in the air.
Why did the girl take a ruler to bed	She wanted to see how long she slept.
Why did the global warming activist compliment the earth	Cause it looked hotter than usual! (I'll see myself out)
Why can't Helen Keller drive	Because she's dead.
Why is Unidan's current account called UnidanX	It's his tenth alt account.
Why is Divorce so expensive	Because it's worth it.
Why can't you have sex with a nun	Jesus already saved her for later.
Why do they keep making TVs thinner and thinner	To keep up with the content.
Why did the Double A battery die after 5 years	It has two lower case a's
Q: Why did Snape stand in the middle of the road	A: So you'll never know which side he's on.
Why did the man angrily throw out his alarm clock this morning	Because it reminded him of Jonathan Clock the man who raped his wife the night before.
Why did the picture plead innocent at the trial	It was framed.
Why do mermaids wear seashells for bras	Because a and b shells are too small.
Why would a Catholic priest start practicing at a prison	He ran out of little boys
Why did Microsoft skip windows 9	Because 7 ate 9
Why don't programers pay tax to the Devil	Because that would be a sin-tax issue.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	He didn't have the guts
Why did the Jews roam the desert for 400 years	Someone lost a quarter.
Why don't hipsters shoot heroin	It's too mainstream
Q: Why does Clinton always have a stupid grin on his face	A: He is stupid!
Why do elephants prefer cars instead of motorcycles	motorcycles don't have trunks
Why are there hardly any dental professionals in the South	Because it takes more than 35 patients to make a full set of teeth.
Why is a fencing sword more likely to commit sexual assault	because its a bit rapier.
Why do crowd control police go earlier to work	To beat the crowd.
Why couldn't they execute the railway worker with the electric chair	He was too good a conductor
Why won't Arnold Schwarzenegger upgrade to windows 10	Because : he still loves vista,baby!
Why couldn't the duck stop smoking	Because he was a quack addict
Why should you date a Greek woman	They don't like pulling out.
Why did the two tampons not talk to each other	They were both stuck up cunts.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30 percent off
Why didn't the chicken skeleton cross the road	Because he didn't have enough guts
Why don't Calculus majors throw house parties	Because you should never drink and derive.
Why did the masseuse give her lawyer a happy ending	She thought he could come in handy. (I'll let myself out)
Why did the can crusher quit his job	Because he found it soda pressing.
Why did the blonde keep coat hangers under her seat	In case she locks her keys in her car.
Why did the Red sea not find a good husband	because she was too shallow.
Why was the Jedi so good at the synthesizer	He had a high MIDI-chlorian count. Test.
Why does Yoda like sheep	Because dey go baa...
Why did the black med student wait all day at the rear entrance of the student cafeteria	Because his professor told his class they were going to spend the entire next day at a bacteria conference.
Why did the sweet scented man called Paul change his name to Saul	He liked the P, but preferred the essence the change.
Why is there no Windows 9	Because 7 8 9
Why was old Bilbo's body found with a massive erection	Because old hobbits die hard.
Why does James Brown like South Korea	Because its got Seoul.
Why do we need art	Because the Earth without art is just ""Eh"".
Why did the queen bee kick out all of the other bees	Because they kept droning on and on !
Why did the man build his house out of a tree instead of bricks	Because he thought it wood look better!
Why do mermaids wear seashells	*wait for it* Because they grew out of their B-shells!
Why don't the polar bears ever drink Diet Coke in Coca-Cola commercials	Because bears don't drink aspartame, dumbshit.
Q: Why are dumb blonde jokes so short	A: So brunettes can remember them.
Why did the squirrel swim on its back	so it wont get its nuts wet
Why was the garbage man afraid of the staff at the sex-change clinic	They give him the willies.
Q: Why did the blonde guy put ice in his condom	A: To keep the swelling down.
Why can't you tell a joke to a dwarf	Because it will go right over his head
Why are fire engines red	You would be too if you were running down the road with your hose hanging out!
Why did Princess Diana divorce Prince Charles	She was always told a ruler was 12 inches!
Why did the chicken not cross the road	The original joke is childish.
Why couldn't the Meteor marry the Ice Comet	It had a fear of Cometment
Why can't British people go to North Korea	Nobody at the ticket counter knows what ""north career"" means
Why are there more females in the asexual community	because lesbians don't get boners.
Why did Jim Morrison cross the road	To break on through to the other side! Credit goes to [Savage Chickens.](http://www.savagechickens.com/2005/03/door-number-one.html)
Why didnt the witch have any children	Because her husband had a hollow weenie
Why is Antarctica controversial	It's a polarizing topic.
Why did they bury the fireman beneath the hill	because he was DEAD
Why did Hitler want to rise in power	Because he wanted a Kaiser roll.
Why does green think yellow is such a slut	Because yellow blue red.
Why don't they have driving classes and sex Ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia	Because the camels can't handle it
Why was 9 afraid of 7	Because 6, 7 8.
Why did Kim Jong Un Instagram his missile	It was the only way he could send it.
Why did the lizard use viagra	He had a reptile dysfunction! Credit goes to Gilbert Gottfried
Why do elephants eat raw food	Because they don't know how to cook !
Why is impersonating John Cena illegal in Mexico	Because there's only Juan Cena
Why were all the oompa loompas black in Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory	Because Orange is the New Black.
Why did you cut me down, lumberjack	Lumberjack: Oh, you really don't know why? Tree: Sorry, I'm stumped.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing her seat-belt. Credit goes to some caller on the Dean Blundell show. I couldn't make that up
Why aren't ""Blonde jokes"" funny	Cause they're stupid.
Why do teachers use a bamboo cane	Because when the cane goes 'bam' the child goes boo!
Why does SnoopDogg carry an umbrella	Fo' Drizzle!
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would too if you were named Aaaurrrraaaaggghh!
Why do chicken coups only have 2 doors	Because if they had 4 doors they would be chicken sedans.
Why did a pregnant lady walk into Jimmy Johns	They promised freaky fast delivery
Why is the stick attached to the roof	Because it is sticky.
Why was Harry Potter kicked out of Hogwarts	He was caught playing with his broomstick.
Why should you never give Elsa a balloon	She'll let it go!
Why is it hard to work at an apple pie factory	They have such a high turnover rate.
Why was the lizard upset with her husband	Because he had a reptile dysfunction. ... Okay bye now
Why the hell would I use turn signals	I know where we're going.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Washington DC	They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin
Why did the guy spend the entire day throwing out his surplus of herbs	He had too much thyme on his hands.
Why shouldn't you buy a Unionmade watch	For every day it's working, it will break twice, yet still skips ahead half an hour while you're eating lunch.
Why do white people not like playing uno with mexicans	They take all the green cards
Why did the Crab not share any plankton with his friends	Because he was shellfish.
Why should everyone go to the dentist at least once every ten years	Because of tooth decade!
Why did Hitler REALLY kill himself	He got his gas bill
Why does everybody love honey	Because it never gets old.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	It scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why do Australians suck at chess	Because they keep saying ""checkmate"" when the game's not over.
Why couldn't the lizard have any children	It had a reptile dysfunction!
Why do black people like the rain	For drizzle.
[Different] Why isn't Hitler in Mario Kart	Because he can Nazi the road.
Why are all black people tall	Because they're negroes!
Why couldn't Donald Trump cross the road	Because a wall was blocking his way
Why was the comedian so depressed	He felt like everyone was just laughing at him.
Why should a midget not attempt to slaughter a cow	The steaks are just too high.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because that's where the submarine was.
Why didn't the dog want to go into outer space	Because he was scared of vacuums!
Q: Why did Bobby Fischer marry a woman from Prague	A: He was looking for a Czech mate.
Why did the Polish man think his wife was plotting to murder him	He found a bottle of polish remover on her dresser
Why does the swimming pool get laid every night	Because he makes all the ladies wet.
Why can't you trust an atom	Because they make up literally everything
Why aren't there many female NASCAR drivers	Because women always think they're right.
Why aren't eagles allowed to be sick in america	Because that would be illeagle
Why did the lead singer of Drowning Pool lose his job at Starbucks	HE LET BISCOTTI HIT THE FLOOR
Why do urologists like UTIs	It means urine business.
Why were all the ladies attracted to Jesus	Because he was hung like this. (Hold your arms out wide)
Why did the Baker have brown hands	He kneaded a poo
Why is the space between a woman's breasts and her hips called a waist	Because you could easily fit another pair of tits in there.
Why would 12:00 make the best cop	Hands up
Why did the banana go to the hospital	It wasn't peeling well.
Why did the vampire go to the doctors	Because he was coffin...
Why do they call me an oven	Because when I get turned on things get really hot
Q: Why do cats eat fur balls	- A: Because they love a good gag!
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 eight 9. That's right; That's the punchline.
Why did the cannibal stab the chef with a toothpick	To see if he was done cooking.
Why did the Irishman eat only two hundred and thirty-nine beans	Because eating one more would have been two-farty.
Why was windows 10 afraid of windows 7	Because windows 7 8 9.
Why did Wolverine stop checking his e-mail	He kept forgetting his Logan and password.
Why did Princess Di cross the road	Interia
Why do trees die	They become board.
Why couldn't the birthday clown make balloon animals for the children	With the rising cost of inflation he couldn't afford it anymore.
Why was William considered a enemy	Because, His last name was Dafoe
Why were the two managers sitting around sketching crockery before the start of the game	It was a cup draw !
Why do Angelina Jolie's shirts have such big pockets	For her lipstick :D (modified joke originally from Sickipedia)
Why is it so cheap to buy 12 rhombuses	Because they're a diamond dozen
Why do Autonomous cars have steering wheels	You have to hold on to something, when the shit hits the fan. ;-&gt;
Why did Hitler fail math	He couldn't reach the final solution.
Why was the blind guy always so happy	He couldn't see any reason not to be!
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only comes once a year!
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the marble countertop leave the kitchen	It was tired of being taken for granite.
Why doesn't anyone tell jokes about Jonestown	The punchline is too long.
Why did prince Oxygen inherit the throne after the king died	Because he was the rightful heir
Why was Thor unable to get any sleep	He Was Up All Night to Get Loki
Why was the NSA computer programmer late for work	Because he got Snowden
Why did the walrus go to the container store	To find a tight seal.
Why weren't you at the Halloween party	My costume was a black father so I couldn't be there.
Why's it so hard to find marathon and triathlon reviews in Germany	Well, you know what happened last time they picked a race...
Why was the man accused of sexual harassment never arrested	He was a policeman
Why do people procrastinate	I'll tell you later.
Why did the policeman wake up his son	He saw a *kid napping*.
Why do you never wanna see an elevator in a horror game	Cuz you know something's about to go down. Im sorry
Why did Scotty check all the toilets of the Starship Enterprise	He was looking for the Captain's log.
Why do Germans make such good cars	To try and make up for the Holocaust.
Why shouldn't you make jokes about dwarves giving fellatio	It's a bit of a low blow...
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it was suicidal and wanted to get hit by a car.
Why could the crab not find a pair of shoes in his size	Child labor laws forced all the shoe factories to shut down.
Why did C++ look down at C	It thought C lacked class. i'll see myself out
Why did the lion lose at poker	He was playing with a cheetah.
Why don't orphans play professional Baseball	They don't know where home is.
Why do midget's laugh when running	Because the grass tickles there balls
Why was the moth so unpopular	He kept picking holes in everything !
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the cake #funniestjokeevernotreallyyesreally
Why was the little shoe unhappy	Because his father was a loafer and his mother was a sneaker.
Why don't they tell jokes in base 8	Because seven ten eleven!
Why didn't Oscar Pistorius get a new bathroom door	Because his wife was dead-set against it...
Why do dentists only want to be awarded with paper certificates	They hate plaque buildup.
Why are pedophiles so annoying	they're just fucking immature assholes
Why did the computer act crazy	It had a screw loose.
Why do black people like fried chicken	Because it tastes good.
Why is Halloween a crackheads' favourite holiday	Only two more sleeps til' Christmas!
Why didn't Hitler drink whiskey	It made him mean.
Why does Mexjco do poorly in the olympics	Because all the Mexicans who can run fast, swim fast and jump high are in the states.
Why is statistics never anyone's favorite subject	It's just average.
Why did Hitler need glasses	Because he could Nazi
Why is there the occasional black Jew	Because Hilter kept them in the oven for too long.
Why did people use insulation containing deadly toxins	It was asbestos they could do at the time!
Why do butchers avoid buying cattle from Colorado	Because the steaks are too high.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank coffee before it was cool.
Why is divorce so expensive	Because it's worth it.
Why didn't the scarecrow win his award	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why is divorce so expensive	Because it's worth it!
Why can't you trust atoms	Because they make up everything
Why do seagulls fly over the sea and not the bay	Because if they did they would be Bagels
Why does everyone love when a ghost goes to a party	Because he always brings the boos
Why did the phone keep walking into the wall	It lost its contacts.
Why is Santas sack so big	Because he only comes once a year
Why aren't people from the Westboro Baptist Church archaeologists	Because they are *homo*phobes.
Why did the fly fly	Because the spider spied her.
Why are all the ladies attracted to Voldemort	Because of his hex appeal.
Why do hot girls always travel in threes	Because they can't even.
Why did the staff party go to jail	Because they were in treble.
Why is the area between the boobs and the ass called the 'waist	' Because you could easily fit two more boobs down there.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road	Because chickens didn't exist yet.
Why do women wear make up and perfume	Because they're ugly and smell bad.
Why are there no black cults	Everyone drinks the kool-ade on the first day.
Why do drug dealers hate prostitutes	Because prostitutes can wash their crack and sell it again.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can	Because his wife died.
Why did the sperm cross the street	Because i put on the wrong socks.
Why did the horse stir his cereal with his  hoof	Because he wanted to feel his oats!
Why Are Demons So Fat	Because they hate exorcising.
Why were there 600 Mexicans at the Alamo	They only had 2 cars.
Why can't you ever trust an atom	Because, they make up everything...
Why do managers bring suitcases along to away games	So that they can pack the defence !
Why do dogs turn around three times before lying down	One good turn deserves another.
Why did Eve bite the forbidden apple	Because it tasted better than Adam's banana.
Why did the pig stop sunbathing	He was bacon in the heat.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job	He couldn't see himself doing the work
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't confuse them with feminists
Why should you never trust a cheap circumcision	It's a total ripoff.
Why was the man arrested at the farmers' market	He was caught taking a leek.
Why does the tomato blushing	Because it saw the salad dressing :D
Why did Jesus walk on water	Because niggas can't swim
Why did Hitler buy the car when it went on sale	Because he liked the holocost.
Why do you want to be buried at sea	Because my wife says she wants to dance on my grave.
Why doesn't Elin Nordegren ever shop at the fish market	Because Tiger is always bringing home crabs!
Why don't cannibals like to eat clowns	Chronic depression makes the meat a little tangy.
Why didn't Gordon Ramsay like the Girl Scout cream pies	He found a hair in one.
Why didn't Hitler get an A on the math exam	He didn't complete the final solution. I wrote that in my sleep.
Q: Why did the baker rob the bank	A: He needed the dough.
Why did the monster stop playing with his brother	He got tired of kicking him around.
Why are tourists to Scotland wrongly arrested as pedophiles	They say they came for the 12-year-old Scotch.
Why did the little tugboat do what all of the other tugboats told him to do	Pier pressure
Why don't white girls like trigonometry	Because secant even.
Why are the old trees always yelling	They were all petrified.
Why was Latin afraid of Hitler	They were both dead!
Why was the lady's hair angry	Because she was always teasing it.
Why did Beethoven kill off his chickens	They kept saying, ""Bach, Bach, Bach.
Why was the tomato blushing	Because he saw the salad dressing.
Why is horse racing so romantic	Because the horse hugs the rails the jockey puts his arms around the horse and you can kiss your money goodbye!
Why did the boy drop his ice cream	Because he was hit by a bus.
Why don't Geordies use scales	Because they can weigh things by eye man.
Why do girls wear make-up and perfume	Because they're ugly and smell bad.
Why	How I answer every text when my friends with little kids ask me what I'm doing tonight Related - I never babysit
Why did the Baker rob the Banker	Cause he knead that dough. ........ Sorry I'm drunk
Why was red sad	Because he was feeling blue
Why does my computer always ask me if I'm ""sure"" about stuff	Yes, I want to delete my hard drive.
Why do hamburgers make poor pigeons	They won't talk no matter how you grill them!
Why couldn't Sally use the swings	She had no arms Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally. What did Sally get for her Birthday? We don't know, she didn't open it yet.
Why did Darth Maul jack off into a piece of fruit	Because the sith always comes in pears
Why did the Cell Tower Cafe get bad reviews	Because the service was horrible.
Why does the Italian pasta maker always get locked out of his house	because he has gnocchi
Why were all the girls looking at the piece of paper	Because it was ripped.
Why is it best to wear leather when sneaking around	It's made of hide
Why don't Middle Eastern dogs bite as often	Because they Muslim.
Why was the Newfie excited when he heard Quebec might leave Canada	It wouldn't take him as long to drive to Toronto
Why Couldn't the Billionaire Fit through the circular door	He was too eccentric.
Q: Why do businessmen carry umbrellas	A: Because umbrellas can't walk.
Why are Mormons more like Muslims than they are like Christians	Christians are not-for-prophet organizations.
Why don't pedophiles ever win marathons	They're always coming in a little behind.
Why did Walt and Skyler get divorced	There was no chemistry.
Why were there no black people in the Flintstones	Because they were still considered monkeys.
Why did Steve fall off the swing	Because he was a potato!
Why did the mexican take xanax	For hispanics attacks
Why should've Christians chosen farts over bread	It's more fun to break wind
Why did the pig wear yellow coveralls	He split a seam in his blue ones.
Why don't single women fart	Because they only get assholes once they're married.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have sex with his wife	Because whenever She gets hot, he hits her with a shovel.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He couldn't get his cock out of the chicken
Why doesn't Muad'Dib like the Spice Girls	They remind him too much of his mother. I'll see myself out.
Why do witches not wear panties	You get better grip on the brooms.
Q: Why did Hitler cry when he got to heaven	A: God gave him his gas bill.
Why did Chris Christie endorse Donald Trump	Christie wants the highest cabinet position possible because he knows - the higher cabinet is where they keep all the cookies!
Why did the Grim Reaper go to the shoe repair shop	To get some soles!
Why didn't the spaceship take off	Becuase it was astronauty
Why can't Buddhists vacuum in corners	Because they don't have attachments!
why are flies the biggest troll	they only live for three days, and spend it fucking with you
Why do dinosaurs wear glasses	To make sure they don't step on other dinosaurs.
Why doesn't UGA ever have a nativity scene at Christmas	Because they can't find three wise men and a virgin.
Why does the blood bank never make mistakes	Because they're typo negative
Why were the police at the day care	Because some of the two-year-olds were resisting a rest.
Why doesn't Santa Claus have children	He cums down the chimney.
Why did they invent the shopping cart	To teach women to walk on their hind legs.
Q:Why are the avenues in Paris lined with trees	A:Because Germans like to march in the shade.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why did the hipster burn his tung	Because he drank his coffee before it was cool...
Why did the Romans build straight roads	So Indians couldn't build corner shops.
Why do Marlboro cigarettes have white filters in America, but yellow filters in Europe	So Keith Richards can tell which continent he's in.
Why was the marsupial wrongly convicted	He was tried in a kangaroo court.
Why Was Tigger looking in the toilet	? ... He was looking for Pooh!
Why do bad break-dancers get reduced prison sentences	Time served
Why did a black bear fuck a white boy to death	The casting agent took the porn's title literally.
Why Should You Never Marry A Tennis Player	Because love means nothing to them!
Why are gay men so well dressed	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing. Edit: (   )
Why doesn't Mike Tyson play the Playstation	Because he's an Xboxer.
Why do men like smart women	Opposites attract.
Why were the ants dancing on top of the jar of jam	It said ""twist to open
Why did the one-eyed pirate run his ship aground	He didn't have any depth perception
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the first one that had a dream got shot.
Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road	because it was stuck in a crack
Why did the Italian wear handcuffs to bed	So he wouldn't talk in his sleep
Why did the chickens cross the border	Because they were Turkish.
Why are there whiteboards standing out in each class in school	Because they are remarkable!
Why was Helen Keller a terrible driver	Because she was a woman
Why shouldn't you tell secrets when a clock is  around	Because time will tell.
Why don't terrorists shop at Walmart	They prefer a Target.
Why are Muslim men allowed 4 wives	Because ""Islam gives women equal rights!
Why did they stop serving beer at Miami Marlins games	They didn't have enough pitchers.
Why did the frat boy throw away his curtains	He was trying to get some Natural Light.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank coffee before it was cool.
Why is the lineup at the electronic store never straight	BenQ
Why are they called One Direction	Looks to me like they go both ways.
Why did the alligator wear a vest	He was an investigator!
Why should you always bring 2 pair of trousers when golfing	In case you get a hole in one.
Why did the two chicken crossed the road	Because The Hound wanted to eat both of them.
Why don't midgets like barbecues	because the steaks are too high.
Why are Michael J. Fox's milkshakes the best	He uses the best ingredients Stay classy ;)
Why is Lamar Odom so much fun...	Because, he's just dying to party.
Why is Hel great in bed	Because she can *switch stances* (   )
Why can't priests have children	Because choir boys can't get pregnant, thank God.
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	Because it didn't want to get stuck in any cracks.
Why did the semen cross the road	I put in the wrong socks this morning.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning...
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom ...	because the ""p"" is silent
Why are the undead so angry all the time	They have mummy issues.
Why was the garbage man arrested	Because he was bin laden.
Why wasn't Sean Connery standing	He had to shit.
Why did the basement want to be a high rise	It was a motivated cellar. :|
Why did the Addams have the late man arrested	He was expected on Tuesday, but he came on Wednesday.
Why do mice have such small balls	Because so few of them know how to dance.
Why didn't the mother splinter call her son on his birth-day	Because he's a little prick!
Why are so many people in San Francisco homeless	They can't afford an apartment because they only make 50 grand per year.
Why did Michael Jackson invent the Moonwalk	It was a great way to get out of kids' bedrooms unheard.
Why do Vampires hate Writers	Because they hate Type O's
Why do Mexicans have so many babies	Because they're too poor to afford condoms.
Why do Native Americans hate April showers	Because they bring Mayflowers
Why did the black chicken cross the road	It was being chased by the kluck kluck klan
Why was the violist standing outside the door	He didn't know when to come in
Why did Lamar give money to Kobe	Because Lamar Odom
[NSFW] Why don't pedophiles ever win races	They're always coming in a little behind.
Why couldn't the Italian get into his house	Because he had gnocchi.
Why was Hitler better than Jesus	Jesus may have fed 5,000 people with 5 loaves of bread ad 2 fish, but Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because you put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why Do Kids In High school Take Art	You don't have to pay for the glue to sniff...
Why did the termite got divorced	Because she ate the secretary.
Why is Michael Jordan's Jersey number 23	Because then he will always be in prime.
Why did the developers have to delay their pirate game	They needed to give their characters an eye-patch.
Why did the railroad thief get caught	He forgot to cover his tracks! im^dead^inside
Why did Misty want to sleep with Brock	She saw his Onix harden.
Why do elephants drink	Well, mostly to forget.....
Why did the mathematician quit his job and join NASCAR	They told him he was good at deriving
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip	To get to the same side
Why is 12 the highest number rednecks can count to	How else would they know how many cans are in a 12 pack.
[clown interview] Why become a professional clown	me: [picturing getting hit in the face with cream pies every day] um I like kids
Why did did the convicts escape	Billy Eichner has a theory... Billy Eichner says I bet those escaped convicts are going to see Ted 2.
Why were the students confused by the gay kid's performance in school	He was getting straight D's
Why do you bury lawyers 20 feet deep	Because deep down they're good people
Why don't Bond villains feel cold in the winter	Because they dress in lairs.
Why wasn't Rome built in a day	Because it was a government job.
Why will the USA never go bankrupt	It will just host a telethon.
Why did the little refrigerator salute the big refrigerator	Because he was General Electric.
Why couldn't the grape help his friend move on Saturday	because he was in a jam
Why was the condom angry	It was pissed off.
Why is dyslexia so bad	It looks like daily sex to me.
Why did Steve Jobs eat all the cookies	Mac users have no CTRL
Why did the Spanish train aficionado blow up his trains	He had loco motives.
Q: Why didn't the T-rex skeleton attack the museum visitors	A: Because she had no guts!
Why did the robber take a bath	So he could make a clean getaway.
Why did the Mexicans ignore the ""No Trespassing"" sign	It was just the two of them.
Why couldn't Helen Keller vote	She was a woman! And it wasn't until 1920 when the 19th Amendment was ratified. At this point she was 40 years old and could vote.
Why did the dog sit in the shade	It didn't want to be a hotdog. *ba dum tsss *ba dum tish idk
Why did the chicken cross the school yard	To get to the other slide!
Why is NATO afraid of Russia	Cause Russia's been Putin them on notice. Just thought of this.
Why did the farmer win an award	He was outstanding in his field.
Why is a nosey pepper so annoying	He's jalapeno business
Why do sheep love Star Wars Episode V	Because Dey-go-bah.
Why is Santa so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls are.
Why shouldn't you join Alcoholics Anonymous on Thanksgiving	Because all they serve is cold turkey.
Why is Chewbacca bad at sports	He's just a wookie!
Why is it called a funny bone	Because its humerus!
Why did Johnny teach the cockatoo to do a front flip	So he could say he flipped the bird. ^I'm^not^very^good^at^these
Why was the little boy crying at the diamond store	He went to Jared
Why does nobody like a rich stone	Because he takes everything for granite.
Why did the apple eat itself with a fork	Because it didn't have a spoon! (Courtesy of my three year old daughter.)
Why are there only two hundred and thirty nine beans in a bowl of bean soup	Because just one more and it would be two-farty
Why didn't the Siamese chicken cross the road	he was two chickens
Why does Bruce Willis live in America and watch porn	Because he wants to live free and die hard
Why is it easy to arrange for private yoga classes with a teacher	They are flexible.
Why did the dog become a lawyer but the cat couldn't	The cat couldn't pass the ""bark exam
Why couldn't people find Joseph	He was Haydn!
Why did the scarecrow get promoted	Because he was out standing in his field! :D
Why couldn't the tampon twins get dates	They were both stuck up cunts!
Why did Simba's Father die	He didn't mufasta
Why did the guy get an erection when he saw a ruler	He had a foot fetish.
Why would my wife ask if I was wearing this shirt when it's already on	Stop talking in secret code.
Why are horses no fun	Because they are neigh-sayers
Why did Susie drop her ice cream	Because she was hit by a bus.
Why did the priest cross the road	? To screw in the children that were crossing the road
Why did the skeleton cross the road	He had a bone to pick with his neighbour.
Why is it Windows 10 and not 9	because 7 ate 9.
Why did the tomato blush	Because it saw the salad dressing
Why is Reddit tired of the broken arms joke	Because it appears in every mother fucking thread
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend	Cause Sheeran
Why did David Schwimmer need ear drops	He had Schwimmer's ear.
Why did the blind couple get divorced	They couldn't see eye to eye
Why do indie kids suck at karate	They never got past the white belt.
Why did the bin lorry crash into a bunch of pedestrians	It was Bin-Laden
Why does the court never make mistakes about rape	Because it's always black on white.
Why was most of Jesus' walk downtown very awkward	Because his friend asked him when he thought they should cross.
Why did the pirate have to change wenches	His old one wouldn't let him swab her poop deck.
Why is modern wheat supperior to old wheat	it's bred and better!
Why'd the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong pair of socks.
Why shouldn't you gamble in Africa	Too many cheetahs..
Why do bees hum	Because they can't remember the lyrics
Why did the liontamer stop using WinZip	...because lions only understand .rars
Why is today a trucker's favorite day	Cuz it's 10-4 GOOD BUDDY!!!
Why are schools red	You would be too if you had 7 periods a day.
Why were the Indians here first	because they had reservations
Why areAfrican Americans high jumpers	Because when da white boy whipping dem, they'd jump really high from the pain like from Tom and Jerry
Why aren't ants going to church	Because they are in sects.
Why did the robot get the electric chair	Because he was charged with battery.
Why doesn't r/jokes like fencers	Because they always riposte.
Why Republicans cannot swim as freely as they want	Dems!
Why is Superman's costume so tight	Because it only comes in size 'S'
Why did the boy laugh when he was molested by a test	Because the testicles
Why doesn't Hillary Clinton work out	She doesn't want to Feel the Bern.
Why do men finish first during sex	Because Adam came before Eve!
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide	He saw the gas bill.
Why do arabs use Colgate before going to the airport	because it provides cavity protection
Why did the cross eyed teacher quit her job	Because she couldn't control her pupils.
Why did princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Why did Mary Poppins break both her legs	because she had Supercalifrajilistic Osteoporosis
Why is there a sudden influx of vacuum jokes	They really suck
Why did the zombie cross the road	To get his guts back. My three year old made that one up, I though it was pretty good :)
Why was the geophysicist arrested	He was doing crystal math.
Why did Einstein stop seeing his mistress	She fell in love and he didn't anticipate entanglement
Why is a rat when it spins	The higher it flies, the much.
Why doesn't germaphobes masterbate	Because they don't like all the germs that come with it.
Why don't blind people skydive	?? Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why did Jack cross the road	Because he was bean stalked.....
Why are most politicians in the closet or gay	Because they can only mandate.
Why can Egyptian crocodiles never admit when they are wrong	They're always in de Nile.
Why do you think that God hates fags rather than figs	Oh, I got confused; after all, they are both painful on the anus!
Why did Vana White run off the stage of Wheel of Fortune	She had a bowel movement during her vowel movement.
Why can't anxious people walk on tight ropes	Because they're too high-strung. Corny I know, but I wrote it myself and had to put it out there.
Why did the guy wear sweatpants to his prom	Strictly Ballroom.
Why do you need sauce with sausages	Well if you didn't have the sauce then sausages would just be ""a jizz
Why did the chicken cross the road	For fowl reasons.
Why doesn't the deaf have sex	They haven't heard about it.
Why isn't Sean Connery allowed to play Super Mario Bros. any more	He kept trying to shave the princess.
Why did the ordinary man eat all the magic mushrooms	Because he wanted to be a fungi.
Why did the cowboy get a Dachshund	Because someone once told him to ""Get-a-long-little-doggie
Why Does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes	He uses only the finest ingredients.
Why did the snowman leave his wife	Because she got plowed by another man.
Why did the blind Jew hate driving in Germany	When it came to speed bumps, he did nazi them coming
Why does the man go to the beach when he's hungry	Because of the sand which is there.
Why did the Jewish woman cry when she was forced to pay the full price	Because she could not avoid the whole cost.
Why is sex with 92 year olds tiring	Because there is 90 of them...
Why a fruit doesn't walk	Because fruit flies
Why are aliens bad at high-fives	Because they always klingon!
Why did the console player get sick in the art gallery	There were too many frames.
Why did the comedian go to the dog pound	To work on his put-downs.
Why don't sharks bite lawyers	Professional Courtesy.
Why can't a soldier look wistfully across the horizon	Because there are no gaze in the military
Why did the music critic compare the song to a foul-mouthed mixture of sand and wind	Because it was Da-rude Sandstorm
Why was Miss Piggy sick for her show	There was a frog in her throat.
Why do many people call my penis the 'Big Mac'	Because it doesn't look as good or as big as it did in the adverts. :(
Why was the lightning bug unhappy	Because her children were not very bright.
Why were the dyslexic lesbians frustrated	They kept trying 96 but couldn't make each other cum.
Why do you like little kids...	They have to use TWO hands.
Why did the walrus goto the tupperware party	He was looking for a tight seal.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side (as in, heaven). Congrats you've just learned why that joke is that joke. Have a good day, faggot.
Why do pirates like birthday parties	Doubloons.
Why did the woman fire her masseuse	He just rubbed her the wrong way
Why do people call their weed the Koran	Because if your burn it, it gets you stoned
Why can't Buddhists vacuum under the couch	Because they have no attachments.
Why is Edward Snowden stuck in Russia	Because he's snowed-in
Why doesn't Ann Coulter have children	You can't make babies by fucking an asshole.
Why was the Egyptian boy confused	Because his daddy was a mummy
Why are no murders solved in West Virginia	Everyone has the same DNA and no one has any teeth.
Why Do Tigers Have Stripes	Because They Don't Want To Be Spotted
Why did Peter Parker get fired	He spent all day on the web.
Why did the student study in an airplane	He wanted a higher education!
Why didn't Hitler ever order a french dip	Because he hates au jus.
Why won't women ever play in the NHL	Because the periods would take too long.
Why aren't orphans laughing	Because jokes aren't apparent.
Why should you be scared of a white man in prison	Because you know he is actually guilty. Credit to /u/Ser_Rodrick_Cassel for the joke!
Why does a barber never shave a man with a wooden leg	Because he always uses a razor.
Why didn't the lesbian cross the road	She didn't have the balls to do it
Why does bread not have eyebrows	Because it's bread.
Why doesn't Batman like going to Robin's house	They don't like rich people in Robin's hood
Why do lesbians shop at Sport's Authority	Because they don't like Dick's.
Why does the forest stink during a storm	Because the trees break wind.
Why does no one like the swiss army	Because they are all a bunch of tools.
Why didnt Craig buy Anne Franks shoes on Ebay for 2000$	They were Holo-costly
Why does Daniel love white vans	Because he likes candy... *I'll walk myself out*
Why did the girl fall off the swing	She had no arms.
Why are there no gays in a mental asylum	Because they can't wear a strait-jacket.
Why is it called ""pig latin""	ecausebay ronyiay
Why is it when you take a break from Twitter everyone assumes you're happy and in love	.. Maybe I was in jail.
Why did Susie fall of the swing set	Because she had no arms.
Why are do many Italian-Americans named Tony	When they came to Ellis Island, not one of them could speak a lick of English, but they all had ""To NY"" on their hats.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because it was my first wank in two weeks.
Why can't orphans play baseball	Because they don't know where home is.
Why does a dog on a U-boat have a deep bark	Because he's a sub woofer.
Why do rednecks always smell like pickles, mayonnaise, and ham	Because they're inbred.
Why did Levi Strauss suffer from chronic diarrhea	It runs in his jeans.
Why does the divorced guy keep a tampon on the top of his tv set	To remind him of the cunt that has his DVD player.
Why is everyone mad at Kim Davis	Nobody in the government does their job.
Why can't you cross the Mexican border in groups of three	There's no tres-passing!
Why did chicken cross the road	Because Intermediate value theorem
Why did Sally fall off the swingset	Because she had no arms. ""knock knock"" ""whose there?"" ""not sally!
Why are we not injecting ourselves with Magic Johnson blood	!
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs	Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing a chicken.
Why did the dog feel insecure in her bathing suit	She was a little husky.
Why do they call it Black Friday	I dunno, I'm just waiting to hear white people ask how come there's no White Friday.
Why do truck drivers like wearing finger-less gloves	.. They like to see their girlfriend in shorts
Why is Tigger so dirty	Because he plays with Pooh
Why do Mexicans only cross the river one, or two at a time, never three	Because the sign says no TRES passing. --- edit: shit, I didnt realize this was already posted :) lol
Why isn't diving an event in the Special Olympics	It's a pain in the ass to retrieve the wheelchairs.
Why does Yoda like having a lot of things to do	It makes his Dagobah faster.
Why can't a T-Rex clap	Because they're all dead
Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand	Because the indians kept coming and coming...
Why are there no cats on mars	Curiosity
Why did the tree have lots of fans	Because he was Poplar!
Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark	Black people can't swim. -.-
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek	Because he was always spotted.
Why don't bears wear boots	Cos they like to walk around in their bear feet.
Why doesn't a scarecrow use TP	because hay .. its in his jeans
Why are manhole covers round	Because manholes are round.
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings
Why did the marriage between the crab and the shrimp end in a divorce	Because they were both too Shellfish.
Why did the algae end up at school	She wanted to buy an algae bra.
Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella	Fo Drizzle!
Why was the egg laughing when it fell off the table	Because it cracked itself up.
Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta	Because Zeta Eta Theta!
Why do people hate playing uno with Mexicans	They always take the green cards
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone	He had no body to go with him! baD-dumB-tssssJOKE
Why was the gay triceratops so frustrated	Because he couldn't find any tricerabottoms!
Why is there a bucket of shit at an Italian wedding	To keep the flies off of the bride.
Why did the worlds shortest feminist burn down a post shop	Because the mail was always above her.
Why is an Irish funeral cheaper than an Irish wedding	There's one less drunk.
Why is it called a Mango	Because Mancome wasn't selling
Why did the book get stitches	Because he had his appendix removed. note: books can also be female.
Q: Why are men like laxatives	A: They irritate the shit out of you.
Why is Islam in Iran so bad	Not exactly sure why, myself, it's just Shiite
Why do black people go to church	Because the father is actually there.
Why did the computer programmer put up his Christmas lights on Halloween	He always gets DEC 25 and OCT 31 confused.
Why would Gabe Newell be a better world leader than Hitler	There'd be no World War 3.
Why are there so many female archeologists	Because women love digging up the past.
Why should you always invite Amish people to a party	They know how to raise the roof.
why was darth vader arrested	excessive use of force.
Why was Adele underneath a cow	So she could say ""hello from the udder side
Why did the judge throw out Bram Stoker's lawsuit	His accusations weren't backed up by vampirical evidence
Why did the baby squirrel wear a diaper	To hide his nuts!!
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey	He kept getting nailed to the boards.
Why was the Headless Horseman depressed	He could never seem to get ahead in life.
Why'd the air resistance committed suicide	Because he's always being neglected
Why was the horizontal plane judged in Germany	It was x-axis
Why have they created sweet tampons	for sour puss(ys)
why did the cyclops close his school	because he only had one pupil
Why couldn't the expert fisherman get any dates	Because he said he was a master baiter.
Why do black people take such good care of a Chinese baby	Because black people make ""Wong"" decisions!
Why are cats against abortion	Because they're CATholic
Why did Waldo go to therapy	..to find himself.
Why did the blonde have lipstick all over her steering wheel	She was trying to blow the horn
Why was the grandmother's license revoked	She had lost her fine motor skills.
Why was the tea so obstinate	Because it was steeped in tradition.
Why does Santa have no children	Because he only comes once a year. Bonus! Why did Santa's wife divorce him? She wasn't the only one receiving his ""package"".
Why is it so tough being a paedophile	It's hard fitting in.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	Because he drank his coffee before it was cool
Why do Apple computer users always tell sexist jokes	Because they aren't PC
Why did Germany lose WW2	Three Reichs and you're out
Why didn't I play in the Woman's world chess championships	Because I ran
Why did the chicken fall in the well	Because he couldn't see that well!
Why did OJ Simpson want to move to Alabama	Everyone has the same DNA.
Why are gifts in airports so expensive	God's punishing you for waiting until the flight home to buy your wife a gift.
Why Jared Leto should win an osvar for Suicide Squad	*spoilers Not ONCE did his Joker mention that he's a vegan.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a poo
Why are penguins socially awkward	Because they can't break the ice.
Why did the hippie put his money in the  refrigerator	He liked cold cash.
Why does being a Chinese knight suck	Because everyone always aims for the chink in the armor.
Why did the paralympic athlete loose the race	He didn't start off with the right foot. EDIT: Ortography
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think men care
Why was the powerful Jedi a terrible comedian	Too *forced*, his punchlines were
Why do you have to take two Baptists with you when you go fishing	Answer: Because if you only take one, he'll drink all your beer.
Why can't Arabs manage the scoreboards at ball games	Because people get nervous when Mohammad starts counting down from 10.
Why is a viola solo like premature ejaculation	Even when you know it's coming, there's nothing you can do about it.
Why were the ducks arrested	They were selling quack in the park.
Why do hunters close one eye before shooting	Because if they close the other, they can't see!
Why does Snoop always carry an umbrella	Fo da drizzle.
Why did the dead baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone	Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
Why don't witches wear panties when flying	To get a better grip on the broomstick.
Why is it impossible to starve in a desert	Because of the sand, which is everywhere.
Why does Bill Clinton chew gum all the time	He has an oral fixation.
Why did the chimpanzee poop in his pants	because he went apeshit
Why does Peter Pan always fly	I'm sure no one will get this! It can't be a re-post. I checked.
Why did the trekkie spit out her latte at the Star Trek Convention	Cause William Shatner Coffee. hahahha
Why did Julius Caesar buy crayons	He wanted Mark Antony !
Why are the bears such a bad football team	Because when they were little, they were cubs. I'm so sorry
Why didn't the cow go to the barn	He wasn't in the mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood.
Why did the hotel manager refuse to rent his rooms out to people	He needed places to hide the bodies.
Why did the Scottish cannibal live on a sugar  plantation	He said ""So that I can feed my lads with m'lasses.
Why was the peanut so salty	Because it got R O A S T E D
Why isn't soap cool	Because it's basic.
Why was Kanye's Christmas gift to Kim spoiled	Because he's a bad wrapper
Why did the mathematician get pulled over	for drinking and deriving
Why did the ghost cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why did the gamer cross the road	Buy the DLC to find out
Why did the duck leave his flock	Because he wanted to be a-loone.
Why did the chicken commit suicide	To get to the other side!
Why did the chicken commit suicide	To get to the other side.
Why is it a good idea to put your money in the freezer, instead of the bank	So you always have access to cold hard cash...
Why couldn't Ray Charles read	Because he's blind you racist.
Why do asian parents give their children short names	More time on tests.
Q: Why is Clinton prone to losing his voice	A: He keeps having to eat his words.
Why can you see through Bruce Jenner	Because he is a trans-parent.
Why did the gynecologist get taken in for questioning	He smelled a little fishy. Edit: a word.
Why is Santa such a jolly old elf	He knows where the naughty girls live.
Why it feels so hard to break up with a japanese girl	You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
Why don't male dogs date	They think all women are bitches. ... Dogs are terrible people.
Why is the mushroom so happy	Because he's a FUN-GUY :P
Why do orphans like tennis	Only place they can get love
Why do you never see zebras or antelopes at Victoria Station	Because it's a 'mane-lion' station !
Why was the whale lonely after his date	The other whale didn't humpback.
Why do blonde girls go to the bathroom in groups of three	Because they can't even
Why do asians got to the hospital after voting	Everyone knows that you should see a doctor for an erection that last longer than 4 hours.
Why are women's feet smaller than men's	So they can stand closer to the sink.
Why were all the numbers afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9.
Why are there so many Indians working with telemarketing	Because they have the biggest cow center.
Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink	That's where you wash all your vegetables!
Why did the boy think you hit menopause when you graduated high school	Because it was the end of all your periods.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose
Q: Why are gorillas so noisy	A: They were raised in a zoo!
Why did the can-crusher quit his job	Because it was soda pressing.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the p is silent.
Why did they invent white chocolate	So black kids could get messy too.
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote	I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge
Why does /r/jokes love fencing	They've all mastered the riposte.
why didn't the escaped peasant want to go to the beach	he was scared that he'd end up serfing again
Why do you never find elephants hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it.
Why are asprins white	Because they work.
Why are asprins white	Because they work!
Why do muslims love classical music	It has lots of violins
Why are elephants no good at Net surfing	Because they're scared of the mouse.
Why was 10 afraid of 11	Because Eleven has crazy superpowers.
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings.
Why are New Yorkers so depressed	Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey
Why were the two homosexual melons protesting at city hall	Because they cantaloupe
Why are mushrooms small	Because there isn't mush-room.
Why do hurricanes travel so fast	Because if they travelled slowly we'd have to call them  slow-i-canes.
Why is a reindeer like a gossip	Because they are both tail bearers !
Why did the ram run off the cliff	He didn't see the ewe turn.
Why did Jill fall off the swing	Because she had no arms. Why did she not get back up? Because she had no legs. What did Jill get for Christmas? A bicycle.
Why is masturbating in France like cooking an egg	Because in both cases you're cracking one oeuf
Why should Mexico accept Syrian refugees	With the level of crime and political violence, they will feel right at home.
Why are white girls always tired	Because they've literally been running around all day
Why did the hipster's mouth hurt	Because he ate pizza before it was cool.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a registered six-offender! Edit; not my joke!
Why do Trumpler supporters think he's honest	He told them he would be ""fourthreich"" and they misheard.
Why do you never hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the ""p"" is silent...
Why did hitler suicide	Because he saw the gas expense
Why did Edward miss his flight out of Russia	Because he was Snowden.
Why do men struggle to urinate with an erection	It's just too hard.
Why did Bilbo Baggins die with a Erection	Because old hobbits die hard. (Just a different Punchline)
Why did the boy drop his Ice Cream	A: He was hit by a bus
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex	Because they have cotton balls.
Why do French tanks come equipped with rearview mirrors	So they can see the battle.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the restroom	Because the ""p"" is silent!
Why doesn't the Kentucky Fried Chicken use toilet paper	It's finger licking good.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	Because his wife died.
Why does nobody play poker in the jungle	Too many cheetahs
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children	Because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
Why did the sheep move house	The neighbours were baaastsrds.
Why does Beyonce sing ""To the left, to the left""	Because black people have no rights.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the graphics on the other side
Why don't ducks have teeth	Too much quack.
Why do people say its not you... it's me in a breakup	Yeah it's YOU, you're an idiot! I'm amazing... ask your brother!
why are Asians so smart	because they get alot of brain
Why do gay men have great skin	Because they respect and take care of their bodies, you homophobic piece of shit.
Why was the turkey (bird) named after the country	Because fuck you that's why
why wasn't the chicken able to cross the road	because it was disabled
Why us it not good to have an oily face	The US might invade it.
Why is Santa always jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why should you bring two Mormons with you when you go fishing	Because if you only bring one, he'll drink all your beer.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper up to a mile away.
Why do space rocks taste better than earth rocks	Because they are a little meteor
Why did the Soviet union fail	Too much Stalin'. Yeah it's bad but it made me giggle when I thought of it... :P
Why aren't you doing very well in history	Because the teacher keeps asking about things that happened before I  was born!
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think we give a shit.
Why do comedians hate noble gasses	They give no reaction.
Why did mozart kill his chickens	Because they were always saying, ""Bach, Bach, Bach, Bach
Why did the feminist masseuse stop at the thigh	She didn't like to massage a knee.
Why was the dyslexic rabbit disappointed when he received the solid gold bar he had ordered via the internet	He thought the ad said '24 carrots'
Why did the pregnant Chinese chicken cross the road	Because ah, the egg roll.
Why did the old lady throw the clock outside her window	SHE WAS MENTALLY ILL!!!!!!
Why does it take so long for pirates to learn the alphabet	Because they can spend years at sea.
Why are fire trucks red	Because if someone pulled your hose you would be red too.
Why are birds always sad in the morning	Their bills are over dew
Why do people become bakers	Because they knead the dough. (Kneading hand motions required during recital.)
Why did the archaeologist go bankrupt	Because his career was in ruins
Why did the man quit his job at the bakery	He didn't knead any more dough.
Why dont Egyptian Chefs do well in the circus	They always fal-afel off the tight rope.
Why do ducks have flat feet	To stomp out fires Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	Because, If they flew over the bay, they would be called bagels.
Why did the Chemistry Teacher go to Jail	He got caught giving alcohol to minors.
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong socks.
[American Politics] Why do Republicans favor small government	To bitter fit in my uterus.
Why do hipsters drink their Jello	They want to have it before it's cool.
why did the native family starve	Somebody hid the welfare cheque in a work boot.
Why were the burgers in the refrigerator embarrassed	They saw the salad dressing!
Why don't you ever hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the 'p' is silent.
Why can't you make fun of Steve Jobs' death	... Because it's not PC
Why do you never see an elephant hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it.
Why does the mermaid wear seashells	She grew out of her b-shells.
Why doesn't anyone watch women's hockey	The games take 3 months to play!
Why have all the immigrants left	They had no rights.
Why are reddittors so environmentally friendly	... Because the recycle everything!
Why do black people have such big dicks	So they have something to play with on christmas. -inappropriate, but i think its funny.
Why are Asians such bad drivers	Because you can blind them with dental floss
Why are there trees in Harlem	Public Transport
Why cant a nose be 12 inches long	Cause then it would be a foot.
Why did they give a megaphone to the dog who couldn't climb a tree	Because he couldn't bark
Why did the spider buy a car	So he could take it out for a spin !
Why do rednecks love Halloween	They get to pump-kin.
Why did I rob the bank	For Fundsies! I made that one up yesterday so I really hope nobody has heard it before.
Why did the elephant paint his toenails red	So he could hide in the cherry tree !
Why is blackmail called blackmail	Because it isn't fair.
Why did the skull not want to go to prom, but still did	He didn't have any *body* to go with But he still really wanted to bone.
Why did the crematorium operator get a $500 bonus	Because he'd urn-ed it.
Why should I submit a joke today	Because today's April full!
Why did the operation Barbarossa fail	The supreme commander didn't have the balls required.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	because she gets a frog in her throat at 69.
Why did the blind lady fall in a well	because she couldn't see that well
Why can't Obama dance	Cause he has two leftist feet.
Why doesn't the U.S. government allow students to visit North Korea	They become victims of youth-in-asia!
Why is post college life so easy for Lannisters	Because a Lannister always pays his debts.
Why do lawyers like women with large tits and tight pussies	Because they have big mouths and little dicks.
Why was the lizard's wife unsatisfied	Her hubby had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the surgeon refuse to dress for work	He didn't want no scrubs
Why are black people so good at basketball	Cause all they know to do is steal, run, and shoot
Why are campers so predictable	You know they're in tents.
Why was the computer tired when it got home	It had a hard drive.
Why did jay z cross the road	Because mr mantis ate my skunk food.
Why is the Kremlin so much warmer this winter	It had new windows Putin
Why didn't the koala get a job	He didn't have enough koalifications!
Why has the ex-NSA contractor not left his house	He's snowed in.
Why did the baby have such a poor time in the marathon	He was running a little behind
Why is the media making such a big deal about the olympic swimmer's period	It's a perfectly normal female body function that, according to my wife, occurs 2-3 times per month.
Why, yes, I am dressed for the weather	I am wearing a house.
Why do the Japs like Sony	Because they made the Playstasian
Why does the Little Mermaid wear sea shells	Because D shells are too big and B shells are too small.
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells for a bra	Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big!
Why did the agnostic receive a lighter sentence	He had no prior convictions.
Why do black people only ever have nightmares	Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
Why can't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is.
Why can't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is!
Why can't two even numbers be together	The odds are against them.
Why did the skull win 1st place in the race	Because he ran ahead.
Why does Donald Trump take xanax	For hispanic attacks
Why is Santa so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live
Why is Charlie Sheen always seen smiling	Because he's so damn positive!
Why did the lemon turn green	Because he had lime disease
Why doesn't Achilles have any scars	His wounds always heel.
Why did Marlin and Dory never date	Dory was played by Ellen Degeneres.
Why does Dr.Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife died.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the moron's house. *knock knock* ^^Whose ^^there? *the chicken...*
Why should you never bring your Pokemon cards into the washroom with you	They might Pikachu.
Why did Moby Dick join a heavy metal band	He could really whale.
Why was the track runner with low self-esteem able to complete the race even after being impaled by a stray javelin	He didn't know he had it in him.
Why are men sexier than women	Because you can't spell sexy without XY
Why did Batman rush to the Bat Cave	He had to go to the Bat Room. [an old classic]
Why are americans bad at DotA	Because they cant defend their towers.
Why are there so many more men in the military	Because ladies go in first.
Why do Canadians love Syrian Refugees	more moslem guys who can convert canadian girls to islam. What a deal!
Why did Star Wars come out 4,5,6,1,2,3	Because in charge of sequence, yoda was.
Why did the hipster wear a sweatshirt on the sweltering summer day	She wears sweatshirts before it is cool! (Cue rim shot)
Why was the football stadium so cold	Because of all the fans.
Why does Jared love 6-inch subs	He doesn't, he likes 14-year old girls
Why are wires addicted to electricity	They can't resist.
Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his bean soup	Because one more would be too farty
Why is a hurricane called a hurricane	If it were predictable, it'd be called a himmicane
Why isn't there any knock knock jokes about the United States	Because freedom doesn't knock. It rings.
Why did the pregnant girl struggle so much with grammar	She had no periods!
Why do men like football	Because the biggest priorities in football are also the biggest priorities in every man's life.... Scoring and Ball Security.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road	Because the chicken joke hadn't been invented yet.
Why does it smell so bad in Russia	Everybody loves Putin!
Why do dwarf's laugh while playing football	Because the grass tickles their balls.
Why did the rooster cross the road	To show he wasn't a chicken.
Why was the women unable to leave the boutique	She couldn't find the Dior
Why didn't the rest of the fractions like ""mc"" very much	Because he was generally known to be a square(ed).
Why did the man turn on the lights in a depression clinic	He wanted to lighten the mood in such a dim atmosphere.
Why was Aladdin disqualified from the Rio Olympics	He was on performance-enhancing rugs.
Why did the atoms cross the road	It was time to split.
Why do girls have boobs	So you got something to look at while you're talking to them *Peter Griffin* hehehehe
Why won't people let Hitler go to the Bar-BQ	He'll just burn the Frank's!
Why did the recruiter hire a Spider	Q: Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ? A: Because he wanted to hire a Strong ""Web Developer"".
Why did you buy me a pair of bunny ears	I wanted you to have a hoppy birthday!
Why Americans are so bad in geography	They are taking the geography lessons from their Canadian neighbors in the south.
Why are there so many fish in the sea	They're always getting hooked up
Why does a space rock taste better than an Earth rock	Because it's a little meteor.
Why do mice have such tiny balls	Because so few of them can dance!
Why were the melons upset when they were denied a marriage license	Because it means they *cantaloupe*
Why is Diarrhea hereditary	it runs in your genes.
Why couldn't Kim Kardashian see Caitlyn Jenner	Because she was trans-parent.
Why did the 16 year old Mexican girl get pregnant	Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay.
Why are you all sweaty	I was watching cops
Why did the feminist refuse a back rub	Too massagynistic
Why did the football go to the bank	to get is quarterback.
Why were the Beakers all packed and moved out of the university lab	They were graduated
Why are there no walmarts in Syria	Because there's a target on every corner
Why do gorillas have big noses	Because they have big fingers.
Why are they called Tuna Fish	Because they don't swim in pairs. Are there two of those fish? Nahhh.
Why do chicken coops have only two doors	If they had four doors they would be chicken sedans.
Why are Jewish people so smart	Because they have spent so much time concentrating.
Why did the chicken cross the state line	He just had to get out of there because he heard that Kentucky fried chicken!
Why dont blind people go skydiving	It scares the hell out of the dog.
Why was Tigger always filthy	Because he was playing with Pooh.
Why does C. Ronaldo comb his hair every game break	So it won't get too Messi.
Why was 4 afraid of 5	Because 5 was a Registered Six Offender. Edit: a word.
Why did Kermit the Frog split with Ms. Piggy	Because she wouldn't rub it rub it. (blame Happy International Bacon Day)
Why couldn't the leopard play Q: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek	A: Because he was always spotted.
Why didn't Beethoven sell his house	He put it up Fur Elise!
Why are books about the social contract and demand-side economics so hard to find	Because they're kept firmly under Locke and Keynes.
Why is the LSU football team like my car	They both used to have Les (less) Miles!
Why was the pianist arrested	He was caught playing in A minor.
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant	Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper.
Why did the tricycle stop working	Because it was two tired...
Why is light beer like sex on the beach	They are both fucking close to water!
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He started eating before it was cool.
Why were the 5 gorgeous young blonde Danish fashion models sobbing their eyes out	I told them I wasn't going to give birth to them.
Why did the apple pie get fired from his job	Because he showed up baked.
Why are you walking away when we're in the middle of discussing our wedding plans	Come back! At least give me your number!'
Why were Indians the first people in America	Because they had reservations.
Why do anarchists only drink herbal tea	Because proper tea is theft!
Why are programmers good husbands	Because they're good at commiting.
Why is the mens bathroom such an angry place	It's where all the pricks hang out.
Why do Spanish beaches have a lot of women	Cos they're playas.
Why does Garfield hate Mondays	He doesn't have a job.
Why did all the residents of Flint, MI switch from the hip hop station to the classic rock radio station	They wanted to get the lead out.
Why was number 4 blushing	She saw 2 and 3 halving six
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote	You still have to get up & take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
Why was the blonde confused after giving birth to twins	She couldn't figure out who the other mother was.
Why can't I think of a word that means something really good or really bad depending on how you use it in a sentence	Fuck!
Why can't random men check random women's breasts for cancel	Because that sort of information is on a knead to know basis.
Why did the shark spit out the clown	Because he tasted funny!
Q: Why didn't the blondes go to the movies on  one buck night	A: They couldn't fit a deer into the car.
Why didn't the old man wear old man reading glasses	They were too on-the-nose.
Why is the last chapter in a chemistry textbook about benzene	Because it's the PHENYL CHAPTER :D I came up with this myself. I'm so proud.
Why do potheads only steal from other potheads	Otherwise there's nothing worth toking.
Why couldn't the Italian phone salesman open up his shop	.. He had a Nokia
Why does my Pirates of the Caribbean DVD have a piracy warning	I think that pretty much goes without saying.
Why do German shower faucets have 11 holes	Jews only have 10 fingers.
Q: Why is air a lot like sex	A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Why are there so many avenues in Belgium	Because German soldiers like to march in the shadow.
Why do nymphomaniacs like submarines	Because they're long, hard and full of seamen.
Why did Jesus stop playing hockey	(First) He kept getting nailed to the boards.
Why does the communist party hate planes	Because they're always Stalin
Why did Hitler's Bed'n Breakfast fail	The only thing he served for breakfast was concentrated juice.
Why couldn't Diablo get his bros out of jail	He couldn't pay for Baal
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't mistake them for feminists
Why did Bill and Ted join Islam	Because they heard it was radical!
Why couldn't the boarder throw out his collection of potted ferns	They were his best fronds.
Why are giraffe's heads so far away from their bodies	Long necks.
Why do Mexican and Muslim jokes all sound the same	Cause if you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal. Ba da Tissssssss
Why are female golfers better than male golfers	Because they swing both ways
Why does it suck to be a black Jew	You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Why was the hippo afraid to go skiing	He didn't want to get hippothermia.
Why doesn't the Sun go to college	Because he has a million of degrees.
Why don't we elect fat presidents any more	Because they don't run.
Why do the melons have to have a traditional marriage ceremony	Because they cantaloupe.
Why hasn't bigfoot ever gone to prison	Because he has only been convicted mythdemeanors.
Why was the struggling mange seen shaking the club cat	To see if there was any more money in the kitty!
Why does the Fonz dress up as an insect when going on a journey	Because he wants to get from ayy to bee.
Why should you never tell jokes about Hitler	Because your friends might Nazi (not see) the humor.
Why was the electoral map feeling down	It wasn't, it was feeling blue.
Why women mature faster than men	Because men start growing breasts only after 40 years old.
Why do women fake orgasms	They think men care. I'll see myself out.
why was the blonde staring at the light bulb for long hours with her mouth open	because the doctor advised her to ""eat light
Why are black people afraid of motorcycles	They'd get caught in the chain.
Why Mathematics make you a Terrorist	Because they teach what is the history of Al Gebra.
Why does the law prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients	To prevent clients from being billed twice for what is essentially the same service.
Why dont bicycles pedal backwards	?? Because than it would be REcycling
Why do French people only have one egg at breakfast	Because one egg is un oeuf.
Why didn't Edward get on the plane	Cause it was snowed-in.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he Neverlands. This is always funny because it never grows old
Why did so many black men get killed in Vietnam	When the generals would yell, ""Get down!"" they would all start dancing. I'm so sorry.
Why shouldn't you trust big cats	They are a bunch of lion cheetah pussies.
Why do sailors give their wives a bouqet of ropes instead of flowers	? It's a bouqet of forget-me-knots.
Why was the Sublime cover band so bad	They don't practice Santeria.
Why did China lose WW2	Because their weapons were made in China
Why did the Redditors like when a tornado hit a fence	There was a lot of reposting to do
Why does my 4 year old son trigger my cars seat belt alarm but my 30 pack of beer doesn't	Because I buckle up my beer.
Why do Americans spell colour as color	Because fuck U, that's why.
Why didn't the Chinese guy get any time off from work when he told them about his son's death	They didn't bereave him
Why are photos in Latvia always such good quality	There's no such thing as potato quality there.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	Because he ate pizza before it was cool.
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors	Because if it had 4 doors it would be a chicken Sedan!
Why did I need to bring a shovel on my first date	Clearly the chloroform wasn't enough.
Why did the boy drop his ice cream cone	Because he got hit by a truck.
Why is Waldo always wearing striped clothing	because he doesn't want to be spotted
Why are Australians never late for work	Their snooze button only lasts 6 minutes.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot.
Why can't you trust a snowman	Because they're all a bunch of flakes
Why did Clemson choose orange as its team color	So they could play football on Saturday, go hunting on Sunday, and pick up garbage the rest of the week.
Why do strippers look better in the club than outside the club	Black lights matter.
Why are calculators grey and boring	Cause it's what's on the inside that counts! EDIT: it was a joke guys:(
Why does a golfer wear two pairs of pants	Just in case he gets a hole in one!
Why did the Republican get a sunburn	Because the sunscreen instructed to apply liberally and he was unwilling to compromise.
Why is your mom like a 360 noscope	Cuz I wouldn't hit that.
Why are haunted houses so noisy in April	That's when the ghosts do their spring screaming!
Why did the guitarist get arrested	He got caught fingering A minor.
Why do they only put expiration DATES on food	It'd be fun as hell if they gave us the exact time too. ""We got 8 minutes to eat this ham!!!
Why did the blonde run out of shampoo	She kept following the instructions: lather rinse repeat!
Why couldn't the fruit get married	They cantaloupe
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings. 'Murica
Why is it called extra virgin olive oil	Because they grow the olives inside, away from the birds and the bees.
Why was Luke Skywalker banned from all the local pubs	.. He used excessive force
Why did the chord get kicked out of the bar	Because he was Aminor
Why did semen cross the road	Put on the wrong sock.....
Why were the early days of history called the  dark ages	Because there were so many knights !
Why was the little black kid with diarrhea crying	Because he thought he was melting.
Why do the French make omelettes with only one egg	Because in France one egg is un oeuf.
Why does Seth Rogen laugh like he's being asphyxiated	Because even he knows he sucks.
Why dont they have Drivers Education and Sex Education class on the same day in Iran	Because it would kill the camel
Why is the beef in Colorado so good	Because the steaks are high.
Q: Why was the chessmaster interested in foreign women	A: He wanted a Czech mate.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did God give man a penis	So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
Why do brits have sex more than any other nationality	Because with Cameron in charge they're always going to be fucked.
Why was the skeleton embarrassed	Because he had a boner.
Why did the short guy lose the basketball game	Because he four feet.
Why do people in tumblr like quantum computing	Because it's non binary
Why doesn't Barbie have any kids	Because Ken came in another box.
Why do porn stars hate driving	Because people always pull out infront of them.
Why doesn't Melania Trump want to be the first lady	Because she would have to move into a smaller house.
Why are black guys eyes red after sex	From the pepper spray.
Why do tweakers do it doggy-style	So they can both look out the window.
Why couldn't Mark think of a dad joke	Mark is black.
Why are football grounds odd	Because you can sit in the stands but can't stand in the sits !
Why did you drop the baby	Well Mrs Smith said he was a bonny bouncing baby so I wanted to see if he did.
Why did god make homosexuality a sin	Because His boyfriend thought that would make it hotter.
Why would Trump not lose any votes if he shot someone	Because he doesn't have any in the first place
Why are giraffes such good friends	They are always willing to stick their neck out for you.
Why is Santa's sack so full	Because he only comes once a year
Why was the chronic masturbater restrained to his hospital bed	He kept trying to discharge himself
Why do we keep putting criminals behind bars	putting criminals behind bars seems like a bad idea once you consider all the alcohol they're now next to
Why is Africa so bad at cricket	Because they only have Ebola!
Why was the computer stressed out when it got home from work	'Cause it had a hard drive.
Why do the 3rd Italian Navy use glass-bottomed battleships	So they can look at the 2nd Italian Navy! *[Sorry if you are offended]* Edit: Grammar
Why can't orphans play baseball	they don't know where home is
Q: Why does everyone hate a banjo right off	A: Saves time.
Why did the remorseful child-molester paint his toe-nails	He thought it would be a pedicure. ^^^sorry.
Why don't Jewish guys give oral sex	It's too close to the gas chamber.
Why do men like BMWs	Because they can spell it. LOL LOL
Why are the Soviets Russian	Because there's no Stalin.
Why don't you hear Django's penis talk during the movie	The D is silent.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	Every time she gets to 69, she has a frog in her throat.
Why is Kim Jong-un so bad	He has no Seoul
Why do Mexicans not take Driver's Ed and Sex Ed on the same day	Because they have to give the donkey a break at some point.
Why do sharks swim in salt water	Because pepper would make them sneeze!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the restroom	Because their P is silent.
Why did the audience hate the pedophile guitarist	Because he broke a G string while fingering a minor
Why is the Ocean blue	Because the fish go blublublu.
Why don't Jewish men eat pussy	Because it's too close to the gas chamber.
Why did the fish sink	(This joke composed by my seriously autistic friend Neil, who LOVES jokes) Because it was a brick.
Why did the mobster buy a planner	So he could organize his crime
Why can you RAN in a campsite, but never RUN in a campsite	Because it's always past-tents.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To avoid the approaching feminist.
Why won't the pimp date any of his girls	Because he doesn't want to get involved with a cockworker.
Why did the bicycle stop moving	Because it was two-tiered.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella	For Drizzle.
Why don't the Chinese have casinos	Because they don't like Tibet
Why are farmers so afraid of aliens	Tractor beams.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long	Because then it will be a foot!
Why did the the acrophobe pothead start screaming	She's afraid of heights.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	She wasn't wearing her seat belt
Why are gay people always confused	It's because they are not thinking straight.
Why didn't Jesus get into college	He got hung up on the boards.
Why does Bob Ross not use a condom	Because he doesn't make mistakes, only happy little accidents.
Why did the giraffe cross the highway	Because he bumped his head on the low-way! I guess we're doing 4 year old's jokes today :)
Why do american bears have forelimbs	They have the right to bear arms
Why don't blacks take cruises	They ain't falling for that shit again.
Why do men snore when they lay on their backs	Because their balls fall over their assholes and they vapor.
Why did the police drop the charges against the man accused of being an olive branch	Because the charges wooden stick. My humblest apologies. * The case! Drop the case! Ah fuckit.
Why can't you trust 8	cause she's a two-timin' four.
Why should civil war be taken seriously	Because it's Syria's business.
Why couldn't the lizard be aroused	He had a reptile dysfunction (I just made that up but I'm sure it's been thought of)
Why did the Death Star hire a lot of football players from Thailand	Because they needed more Thai Interceptors!
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the referee calling fowls
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself	You would too if your name was ""GWWAAAANNNEEEHHHAARRRR
Why was the girl with the Frozen balloon sad	Because she...let it go!
Why did the tomato blush	He saw the salad dressing
Why couldn't the amputee rob the bank...	Because he was unarmed
Why don't you make fun of a fat girl with a lisp	She's probably thick and tired of it.
Why did everyone love the mushroom at the party	He was a fungi.
Why can't Thor play the piano or hide n seek with his brother	He can never find the Loki.
Why did the bee go to the doctor	Because he had hives Badum tsh
Why did the cat fall into the well	Because he couldn't see that well.
Why are hot peppers so nosey	cause they're jalapeno business
Why did the skydiver die before reaching the ground	Because he reached terminal velocity.
Why did the American flag get so fat	Because these colors don't run.
Q: Why don't cannibals eat pantomimes	A: Because a mime is a terrible thing to baste.
Why is my girlfriend fat	Because I'm ugly.
Why do bears hate shoes so much	They like to run around in their bear feet.
Q: Why was six scared of seven	A: Because seven ""ate"" nine.
Why can't dinosaurs talk	Because they're all dead
Why did the Dino Dance Team fail the Talent Show	They were all Nervous-Rex
Why should a good driver always carry weed in his car	So he always hits the green when he's driving.
Q: Why did Clinton choose Canada as the site for his summit with Yeltsin	A: So he could look up some college buddies who moved up there during the war.
Why are condoms and bungee-jumping similar	You're screwed if the rubber breaks.
Why was the pianist so depressed	Because they weren't good at Chopin.
Why is Helen Keller a bad driver	Because she's a woman
Why is it difficult to punish vampires	They can't reflect on what they've done.
Why should you pay scientists with $50 bills	They're always looking for Grant money.
Why are black people so good at running	Because when they here the gun go off they start runnin.
Q: Why did the rooster cross the road	A: To get to the chick across the street!
Why did the hypothalamus want to join a band	Because it had great circadian rhythms.
Why are all the guys banging hot chicks in porn fat and ugly	I don't know, but sign me up!
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	It got stuck in a crack.
Why can't you trick unemployed jesters	Because they're nobody's fool
Why is DeadMau5 bad at math	He drops the base when doing logs.
Why did the plane crash	Because the pilot was a loaf of bread
Why don't elephants smoke	They can't fit their butts in the ashtray
Why are Hispanic dwarves called Paragraphs	They're too short to be called Essays.
Why did the Pokemon Company offer me a role in their upcoming TV Series	So they could Starmie.
Why do fifty percent of marriages end in divorce	Well, I'm guessing it's because the other fifty percent can't afford lawyers.
Why did Hitler and Mussolini get into a footrace	They wanted to see who was the fascist.
Why the Indian programmers are good at C or Java, but not Basic	Because they're cast-sensitive!
Why did GG Allin leave his own concert	Shit hit the fan
Why is it called the ""color TV""	Because it was invented by a black person!
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell bad
Why can't you eat a wookie	Because they're too chewie!
Why haven't they sent a woman to the moon yet	It doesn't need cleaning.
Why do people hate playing uno with Mexicans	They keep stealing green cards.
Why don't witches have babies	Because their men have hollow-weenies!
Why don't dogs make good dancers	Because they have two left feet !
Why do lesbians shop at the Sports Authority	Because they don't like Dicks.
Why does the shortage of strip clubs in the middle east make ISIS so angry	Because there aren't enough ho stages.
Why are all female moths lesbians	They aren't attracted to moth balls.
Why Adolf Hitler is a bank robber	Because he is a Dollar Thief.
Why did the Chinese chicken cross the road	The eggrolled
Why wouldn't the frog lend his hammer to the mushroom	Because it's a toad's tool.
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	Because it was stuck in a crack.
Why did the pop punk chicken cross the road	To get out of this town.
Why Couldn't 3 Fall Asleep	He was afraid , he would make an ass of himself .
Why is Theresa May so against Porn	When she clearly loves fucking a whole country at once with the world watching.
Why are the corners the warmest part of every house	Because they're 90 degrees!
Why did the duck stick his leg into a  computer	He wanted to have webbed feet.
Why did Victoria get fired	I don't know
Why was Hellen Keller a bad driver	She is a woman.
Why doesn't Chris Hemsworth like to eat Fruity Pebbles on set	his lips were Thor
Why was the man sent to prison after staying up all night	Because he was resisting a rest.
Why is Arjen Robben not being invited to Alfredo Di Stefanos funeral	They're scared he'll try to dive in the box.
Why do babies have to cry	Why couldn't they like, glow, or beep rhythmically to get our attention? Shitty babies...
Why did I quit my job in Mexico	It didn't peso well.
Why does Victoria beckham shave her twat	Because he can't be trusted with the razor.
Why did Adele cross the road	To get to the other side. Sorry.
Why Romeo could not meet Juliet at an Apple Store	Poor Juliet! Did not know Apple stores don't have Windows!
Why didn't The Cold War happen	Russia kept Stalin it
Q: Why are the Harry Potter films unrealisitc	A: A ginger kid has 2 friends!
Why was the vampire thought of as  simple-minded	Because he was a complete sucker.
Why are there so many cat photos online	Because Asians love to take a photo of their food before eating.
Why did Mickey Mouse name his dog Pluto	Because he's not a planet.
Why did the business dog chase his tail	So he could make ends meet!
Why can't you run in a campground	Because you ran: It's past tents. I'll show myself out.
Why did the chicken cross the 38th parallel	Because North Korea's long range missiles can't reach that far
Why is your nose in the middle of your face	because it's the scenter.
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women	When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already there.
Why did the horse go behind the tree	To change his jockeys.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it goes to the toilet	Because the P is silent.
Why was Mark Fuch a terrible mailman	He keeps delivering to the wrong fuching address!
Why couldn't Jesus's eat m&amp;m's	They kept falling threw the holes in his hands.
Why did the chicken run around screaming	Because he had to use the bathroom.
Why did 10 die	Because it was in the middle of 9 11
why is rain the best kind of music	because it has amazing drops.
Why did the dick go to 7-11	To get a Slurpee.
Why did the hippy teach the lumberjack calculus	So he'd use natural logs!
Why is a gay God purty cool	Because he makes two Adams smash together
Why shouldn't you buy trousers from northern Ukraine	Chernobyl fallout
Why is your ass split vertically	Because if it was split horizontally it would clap when you're going down the stairs.
Why did the blonde freeze a pot of boiling water	Because you never know when you're going to need some boiling water.
Why didn't the lazy guy have sex	Because his dick was just too hard
Why's Guantanamo Bay full of actors	Because they all shot pilots.
Why couldn't the lake birds get along	Because they were SWAN enemies.
Why cant the bike stand on its own	Because its two tired.
Why did the turkey cross the road Her didn't want to end up near the sides	PS, happy thanksgiving
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog	He was told to get a long little doggy...
Why do sailors use liquid soap	It takes longer to pick up when they drop it.
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911	A: She can't find the eleven.
Why are elephants big, wrinkled, grey, and hairy	Because if they were small, smooth, white, and hairless, they'd beaspirin tablets!
Why did the Amish girl get kicked out of the community	Too Mennonite.
Why did the Band Geek ask the Football star for tips	Because he's a waiter. (lol)
Why are divorces so expensive	Because they are worth it! EDIT: to please all the grammar Nazis of the world
Why did the bees go on strike	Because they wanted more honey and shorter working flowers !
Why do gangsters hold their pistols sideways	Because that's how it comes in the box :D
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink!
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink.
Why did the bicycle fall over	Because it was two tired (   )
Why did mr	Potato head go to Prison. Hash browns.
Why are white people bad at chess	They think all the white pieces are kings.
Why did Adrian Peterson sign with the Minnesota Twins	Because they needed a switch-hitter.
Why was Mary Jane not a virgin	Her mother leaves.
Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time	He doesn't know he's black.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon	Because she'd just Let It Go. As told to me by my 5 year-old daughter
Why did the imgurian cross the road	To get the meme on the other side
Why do black people only have nightmares	We shot the only one with a dream.
Why are French snails faster than American snails	L'ess cargo
Why does nobody like the element Bi	Because he's all up in your bismuth.
Why don't fairies live under toadstools	Because there's not mushroom!
Why should you never play Uno with a foreigner	Because they will always steal the green cards.
Why did King Kong go to the airport	He had a plane to catch.
Why do Democrats push for more gun control	Because they can't stop shooting themselves in the foot.
Why couldn't the Jedi open the door	He didn't use enough force...
Why is Santa Claus' sack so big	He only comes once a year.
Why couldn't the quadrilateral comb out her daughters hair	Because it was a wrecked tangle
Why did Snoop Dogg need an umbrella	Fo Drizzle
Q: Why did Mitt Romney feed his cows money	A: He wanted rich milk.
Why don't seagulls fly by the bay	Because then they'd be bagels
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because we killed the one who had a dream. Happy MLK day
Why wouldn't blastoise share with charizard	He was a shellfish pokemon.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom	Because the p is silent.
Why did the coffee taste like mud	It was ground a few minutes ago.
Why was the double leg amputee sentenced to life	He had no leg to stand on.
Why don't oysters give to charity	Because they're shellfish.
Why don't prawns give to charity	Because they're shellfish.
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund	He wanted to get a long little doggy
Why did the dog bark	because its a dog
Why do women pierce their bellybutton	Place to hang their air freshener.
Why do people beat their clocks	To kill time.
Why do Africans wear baggy pants	Because their knee grows.
Why don't witches wear panties	Better grip
Why do cowboys prefer wienie dogs	So they can get a long little doggie.
Why can't black people swim	Because there is no water in Africa.
Why dont't feminists go to church	They can't stand saying ""amen
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven eight nine. Why was seven afraid of eight? Induction.
Why did the angry jedi cross the road	To get to the dark side
Why did the blond get fired from the boomerang factory	She threw away all the bent ones. Why did she get re-hired? They all came back.
Why don't you ever want Hitler to be your chemistry lab partner	Because he always ends with a really fucked up final solution
Why was the belt locked up	Because it held a pair of pants.
Why didn't Jarred order the meatball sub	Because he didn't like the size of the meatballs.
Why did the kid only water half the lawn	Because there was a 50% chance of rain
Why are barns so noisy	All the cows have horns
Why does Snoop Dog carry around an umbrella	Fo' drizzle.
why is there cotton in pill bottles	to remind black people that they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers!
Why was the tomato blushing	He saw the salad dressing.
Why couldn't the pony sing	He was a little horse.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7, 8, 9.
Why do redneck men enjoy Halloween so much	They love to pump kin.
Why doesn't Mexico have a good Olympic team	Because everyone who is good at running, jumping, and swimming have already made it into the U.S.
Why did Al Gore have to schedule a dentist appointment	Because of an inconvenient tooth.
Why did the stop sign get an STD	Because it had a 4-way.
Why is 68 the maximum speed for blondes	Because at 69 they blow a rod.
Why did ISIS burn 10000 copies of ""Dark Side Of The Moon""	Because it's a terrible album.
Why does the prosecutor only choose jurors who drive Hummers	So that there's no chance of a hung jury
Why did the condom fly across the room	Because it was pissed off!
Why does Jay Z love Christmas	Because he's the best wrapper alive.
Why are 9/11 jokes never funny	Because they always fly over everyone's head.
Why did the boy call 911 when his father ran a red light	He didn't want to go home early and do his homework!
Q: WHY DON`T BLONDES LIKE ANAL SEX	A: They don`t like their brains being screwed with.
Why are higher quality CD/DVD players white	Because they read.
Why were the potato people upset with their leader	He was a dick-tater
Why couldn't the skeleton go to the Christmas Party	He had no body to go with !
Why do blacksmiths go to jail	Forging.
Why did the console peasant cross the street	To render the building on the other side!
Why did the hipster burn his fingers	because he changed the light bulb before it was cool
Why did Johnny drop his ice cream	No you sadistic fucks, he did not get railed by a truck. He just tripped and fell :)
Why didn't Kevin from Home Alone call the cops when the burglars came around	He was running a trap house.
Why is the number 8 the only number that goes to heaven	When it dies it becomes immortal. &amp;#8734;
Why did God create women	To carry semen from the bedroom to the toilet.
Why does Snoop Dogg wear a condom	Fo jizzle.
Why won't people know when you replace words with instruments	Idk, accordion to research I guess.
Why did Star Wars episodes 4,5,6 come before 1,2,3	Because in charge of planning, yoda was.
Why did the Founding Fathers hire accountants from Prague	They needed a system of Czechs and balances.
Why Do Women Love Jesus	He was well hung and super into cross fitting!
Why do black people have red eyes after sexual intercourse	Because of the pepper spray.
Why did the Korean restaurant have a lesbian appreciation day	Because they know they love to eat pussy!
Why does a blond wear a tight skirt	To keep here legs closed.
Why did Kim Jong Un have so many books	Because he is North Korea's great reader.
Why is sperm white	Because it can swim
Why did the couple bring a melon to their honeymoon	Because they cantaloupe...
Why is a buffet like a strip club	You'll regret going to a cheap one.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Drum Roll please! To get to the other side. Thank you ladies and gents for the applause, I'll be here all night.
Why shouldn't you run over a mexican kid on a bike	Because it might be your bike.
Why wouldn't the mother take her kids to the classical music concert	Too much sax and violins.
Why did the pig join the Army	He heard the food was a mess.
Why can't pirates recite the alphabet	They keep getting lost at sea.
Why did the car thief drill holes in the air conditioning units of the cars he stole	Because he my take your ride but he will never take your freon.
Why does Islam marginalize their women	Because she ain't special, Shiite.
Why did Tupac go to the gym	To get a sixpac! (Thank you 7th grade me)
Why isn't the Vice President running for President this year	Cuz he's Biden his time.
Why does Willem Dafoe play a villain in a lot of movies	Duh. Cause he's da foe.
Why did the hipster chemist get burnt	He touched the beaker before it was cool.
Why do straight white girls always hang out in odd numbers	Because they literally can't even Like. Omg.
Why don't Indians like snow	Because it's white and on their land
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	Because North Korea told it not to.
Why did it take so long for Americans to beat Germany in WW2	They weren't Russian.
Why don't arabs play monopoly with jews	Because jews constantly buy property over the arabs' already bought property
Why do black people never dream	Cause the last black person who dreamed, got shot.
Q: Why do women rub their eyes when they get up  in the morning	A: They don't have balls to scratch.
Why did Medusa order pizza	Her boyfriend was stoned.
Why does a pencil shave	To look sharp
Why did the farmer stop smoking with his cattle	Because the steaks were too high...
Why is having phone sex such a bad idea	There's a good chance you'll get hearing AIDS
Why are pirates, pirates	CASUE THEY ARGHHHHHHH
Why was the firewood punished	It was knotty.
Why was Betty Boop never attracted to Mickey Mouse	She's only attracted to colored guys.
Why did your brother give up his job in the biscuit factory	Because he went crackers.
Why did the bartender put laxatives in a patron's drink	For shits and giggles
Why did the black boy fall off his bike	He didn't, he fell off yours.
Why can't vets use dank memes	Because they'd get fired for beating a dead horse.
Why Trump will win the election	He will use his Trump-card.
Why did the bear's magnetic personality make him so popular	He was a polar bear!
Why didn't the hippie save the drowning swimmer	He was too far out man
Why are bananas never lonely	Because they hang around in bunches.
Why do mexicans keep getting stuck in the doorway	Because they have to pass through in doors.
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees	Because they're so good at it.
Why doesn't the United States have to worry about a North Korean nuclear missile attack	we have the Iron Giant
Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports	Because she always ran away from the ball &lt;p&gt; My favorite joke since I was little
Why is saying "" I'm sorry"" and ""I apologize"" mean the same thing	.. ...unless your at a funeral.
Why do Sumo Wrestler's shave their bodies	So that they don't get mistaken for feminists
Why do women prefer a 77 instead of a 69	(Slightly NSFW) Because they get 8 more.
Why did the butcher sell his shop	Because he couldn't meat his expenses
Why are so many Koreans named Park	Because the ones named Drive all died in crashes.
Why don't Mexicans play bridge	Because they're afraid of the trump card.
Why didn't you come to the halloween party	I was at the Halloween party as a ninja. ""But I didn't see you there."" ""Exactly.
Why aren't broken bones a problem in India	Everyone is already in a caste
Why did the little girl fall off the swing	She didn't have any arms. Bonus: Knock knock. Who's there? Not the little girl... EDIT: Pardon the crappy delivery, english isn't my fist language. ;)
Why does windows 9 not exist	Because 7 8 9.
Why couldn't the Tuba player get a date	He was too low key.
Why can't you eat cereal in the Matrix	Because there is no spoon.
Why are you stuffing all that Easter candy into  your mouth	Because it doesn't taste as good if I stuff it in my ears.
Why do fishermen fish in north America	'Cause they're all about that bass
why does a one story whorehouse make more money than a two story	theres no fucking overhead...
Why did they put Harriet Tubman on the twenty dollar bill and not Barack Obama	Because if that were the case, you'd never get change.
Why is it so hard to explain metaphors to a kleptomaniac	Because they always take things... Literally
Why dont blind people skydive	because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why do LEGO men hate going to hospital...	Because plastic surgery costs a fortune!
Why did the turkey cross the road	To prove he wasn't chicken
Why don't cats like online shopping	They prefer a cat-alogue.
Why was the broom late	It over swept !
Why did the undercover cop throw a wasp nest at the drug dealer	It was a sting operation.
Why can't Kim Kardashian find her asshole	He's on tour.
Why did Paul Walker cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why did the bird go to the restaurant	Tweet!
Why are guys so desperate for oral sex	We swallow over 57 spiders a yr while sleeping.The odds that 1 could come back up should terrify you
Why do church bells never send e-mails	They'd rather give each other a ring.
Why can't a bicycle stand up by itself	Because it's two tired.
Why did Thor sit comfortably on a cactus	He has an Asgard ...I'll see myself out
Why did Little Miss Muffet have GPS on her Tuffet	To keep her from losing her whey.
Why did the lead acid battery have to tell the truth	Because if it didn't it would be Li-ion.
Why do midgets love playing soccer	The grass tickles their balls.
Why can't Californians stop at stop signs	I don't know and this is not a laughing matter.
Q: Why did the witch's mail rattle	A: It was a chain letter.
Why do Java developers wear glasses	Because they don't C#
Why do marine biologists have such a high job satisfaction rate	Because they find their work gives their lives a great deal of porpoise.
Why did the nigger walks into a bar	Because the cell doors was still locked
Why are ghosts always just moaning	Did your manners die too? Use your words!
Why did the pet proctologist fear his first feline procedure	Because wether he succeeded or failed, he knew he'd end up with a cat-ass-trophy on his hands.
Why does Peter Parker have a shower in his apartment	He can't get out of a bath.
Why are chefs the meanest	Because they beat the eggs and whip the cream
Why did the man break up with his girlfriend who had a lazy eye	Because she was seeing somebody on the side.
Why is England the wettest country	Monarchies have reigned there for centuries.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered six offender.
Why don't bars in London have Happy Hour	They're in Greenwich Mean Time.
Why do Jews have big noses	Because oxygen is free.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends	Because he is married
Why did the programmer quit his job	He didn't get arrays... edit: After googling I found out this joke already existed :|
Why do Mexicans keep naming their child Jesus	Jesus wasn't Mexican. He was human.
Why did the man with no hands go to the doctor	Because he didn't feel well.
Why did everybody where white pants at The Masters	Dustin Johnson sneezed.
Why do demons and ghouls hang out together	Because demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Why did the pig join a muscle-building class	He thought ""pumping iron"" was a new juice dispenser.
Why did the scarecrow win an award	He was outstanding in his field.
Why are protein shakes such loners	They're whey isolate.
Why did the blonde wear green lipstick	Because red means stop ;D
Q: Why is Bill Clinton diverting federal funds  from improving schools to improving jails	A: Because when his term is through he won't be going to school.
Why did Ronald McDonald divorce his wife	He found out she's now selling her McMuffin all day
Why was the deaf man sighing and shaking his head in disgust when he looked over at his next door neighbour	Because she was *airing her dirty laundry*!!!
Why did Obama and liberals decide to tax aspirin	Because it's white and it works
Why did the motorcycle suddenly stop running	Because it was two tired.
Why should you never trust an atom	They make everything up!
Why did balloon prices keep rising	Because they had to adjust for inflation.
Why did the Samurais armor break	There was a chink in it.
Why are gay men so well dressed	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing...
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player	Because love means nothing to them.
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player	Because love means nothing to them!
Why do thugs play basketball	Because it teaches them to shoot, run and steal.
Why did Hitler fail his math class	He couldn't reach the final solution.
Why did the scarecrow get the Nobel prize	He was out standing in his field.
Why isn't Edward leaving Russia	...because he's snowed in.
Why did the BMX date the motorcycle	He was feeling a bit bike-curious.
Why doesn't Mr. Jinks babysit his brother's daughters	He hates nieeeeeeeeces to pieeeeeecesssssssss!!!!!!!
Why is Santa's sack so large	Because he only comes once a year.
Why don't they have fireworks at Euro Disney	Because every time they shoot them off, the French try to surrender.
Why does Yoda think 5 is afraid of 7	Because ""6, 7 ate"".
Why does Beyonce sing the song ""to the left""	Because black people have no rights...
Why didn't anyone drive stick in Soviet Russia	They were afraid of Stalin.
Why did the atom stick around	Cuz if he split, the situation would have gotten blown out of proportion.
Why haven't I ever met a full blooded Jew	All the ones I have met have been Jew-ish
Why did the police officer smell	Because he was on duty.
Why did the man with an electric car think he had a dual exhaust	He drank a lot of beer. He ate a lot of beans. *You love it.*
Why don't cannibals eat clowns	Because they taste funny
Why did the Muslim fail his Chemistry Exam	because to him, Alcohol is not a solution
why couldn't the imperial guard sniff out the money trail in skyrim	because of a deviated septim
Why does everything taste like chicken	Because God is black.
Why did Helen Keller play the piano with one hand	Because she used the other to sing
Why did the little mermaid wear seashells	D shells were too big.
Why did the orange juice fail his math exam	He wasn't concentrated.
Why did the man cross the street when he saw the chicken foot	Because he suspected fowl play was afoot!
Why do Asian people never seem to age	I met a chinese girl today & I estimate her age to be somewhere between 4 & 197.
Why did Michael Bay jump off a bridge	Cause Tony Scott did it first.
Why is no one friends with Dracula	Cause hes a pain in the neck.
Why was the drummer sad about his boring instruments	Because he had the doldrums.
Why didn't Hellen Keller learn to lip-read	The braille left her lips numb.
Why did the Baker keep going to the ATM	He kneaded the dough
Why did the sick bird get deported	He was an ill eagle.
Why are homosexuals always happy	Cause they're gay (happy).
Why are pills white	Because they work
Why does noddy have bell on his hat	Because he is a cunt.
Why did Vader deceive everyone about his love affair with the Emperor	Because he was in Sidious.
Why are Jews so bad at baseball	They always get out on the third reich
Why couldn't the Lesbian Jew hook up during passover	She had a yeast infection
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they are ugly and they stink
Why was little Billy so sad when his friends played on the swingset	He had no arms. Sorry that joke was stupid, let me try again. Knock Knock ""Whose there?"" Not Billy
Why did the pig go to the casino	To play the slop machine !
Why does Piglet smell	Because he plays with Pooh.
Why does the ocean roar	You would too if you had crabs on your bottom and oysters in your bed.
Why is a toothless dog like a tree	It has more bark than bite.
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors	If it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
Why do people with OCD like Family Feud	Because it's always black and white.
why can't two physicians be near each other	Because it's a paradox!
Why did they stop feeding cows the round bails of Hay in Texas	Because they weren't getting a square meal.
Why do dwarfs laugh will running	Because the grass tickles their balls !!
Why did the boy drop his ice cream cone	He got hit by a bus!
Why should you never laugh at thieves in a car-accident	It could be your car
Why did Verizon's mailman get fired	He was losing packets.
Why are black people so good at basketball	Because they have great hangtime.
Why don't Canadians wear tank tops	They don't have the right to bare arms
Why aren't there any Wal-Marts in the middle east	Because there's a Target on every corner
Why don't spies meet at bars	The beer is tapped. (Please develop this joke. I made it up last night whilst drinking, but nobody laughed.)
Why don't Jedi Knights use the Kelvin scale	Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Why is the Old Testament down on gays	Because the Phyllistines were always making war on the Israelites.
Why should you not throw stones at a knight	Because heavy metal is harder than rock.
Why men shop at Costco	Because it's a hoe sale.
Why do they call them ""roach clips""	Because ""pot holder"" was already taken.
Why aren't there any Mexican swimmers in the Olympics	Because they're all in the US
Why do they call a wolf a wolf	Because it goes wolf!
Why are atheists poor	because its a non-prophet organisation.
Why did you drive the lawn mower over your Easter basket	I thought the plastic grass was growing too high!
Why did the kittens turn atheist	Coz their eyes opened.
Why was the cannibal looking peeky	Because he had just eaten a Chinese dog!
Why are gay people bad liars	They can't keep a straight face
Why do girls NOT like Jesus	NSFW Because every time he gets nailed it takes him 3 days to get it back up again.
Q: Why don't you wear snow boots	A: Because they'll melt.
Why would the Queen let Netflix use her likeness in ""The Crown""	She probably gets royalties
Q: Why does the letter A look like a flower	A: Because Bs like flowers.
Why did the kid put his clock in the oven	He wanted to have a hot time.
Why is golf named ""golf""	Because all the other fore letter words were taken (Thanks to /u/bonerfar... this now makes sense...)
Why did the kitchen cross the road	Because there was a woman on the other side.
Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb	Many hands make light work.
Why can't you checkmate a christian	Because they're all pawns and their king doesn't exist.
Why did the Indian chief name his daughter. 99	Because she was always under a buck
Why did Tommen jump out the window	Because he was ready to come out.
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because they can't fit into D-Shells.
Why are there no astronauts on Twitch.tv	Because in space, no one can hear you stream.
Why was the policeman sent to talk to a bunch of crows	Because someone said there was a ""murder"".
Why is stevie wonder always smiling	No one's told him he's black.
Why was Sir Lancelot too tired to jump over the moat	He didn't get a good knight's leap. Wakka wakka!
Q: Why did the Wisconsin democrat cry	A: He couldn't recall.
Why didn't Pope John Paul let dogs into the Vatican	Because they pee on poles.
Why do jews get their penises circumcised	Because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not 10% off
Why don't Gingers go to the dentist	They are already aware of their corrosive gingivitis.
Why don't witches wear underwear	To get a better grip on their broom.
Why did the Scarecrow get a promotion	... because he was outstanding in his field!
Why couldn't the pickle leave the bar	Because the door was ajar!
Why didn't Jesus ever play in the NHL	because every time he tried he got nailed to the boards!
Why does Jehovah need so many witnesses	Sounds like a pretty shady dude to me.
Why do women close their eyes during sex	Because they can't stand to see a man happy.
Why did Tomato turn red from embarrassment	Because it saw Salad dressing.
Why are Jedi kids so fat	Because they were force fed.
Why don't you play Uno with a Mexican	Because they take all the green cards. (friend at work told me this gem)
Why do black people wear chains	Nostalgia
Why is it so difficult to make a hooker smile	They're all crabby.
Why was the redditor banned	Voat manipulation.
Why are alcoholics the same as necrophiliacs	When they feel like fucking death they crack open a cold one.
Why did the composer spend all his time in  bed	He wrote sheet music.
Why couldn't Joe get to home	He was a Mets fan.
Why is the old decrepit horse named  Flattery	Because it gets you nowhere!
Why did the terrorists have to blow up a Paris nightclub	Because their planes kept missing the Eiffel Tower.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Why do uniformed soldiers need to eat their fruits and vegetables	If they don't, they'll be irregulars.
Why is everything lying on the floor	my mom asked Gravity, I replied.
Why do vacuums machines make for such terrible hairdriers	because they suck.
Why was the Mexican called a paragraph	Because he was to short to be called an essay
Why does Trump only use a laptop computer	Because of the small keyboard.
Why is all of the music made in North Korea just absolutely terrible	They've got no Seoul.
Why isn't there gambling in Africa	Too many cheetahs.
Why are there no Chuck Norris knock-knock jokes	Because Chuck only has to hit the door ONCE.
Why Do Jews Play Football	So they can get the Quarterback!
Why was the bottle laying down	someone flipped it.
Why was the fruit really upset he had to get married in a big church	[oc] Because he cantaloupe.
Why couldn't the philosopher make a living	He made no sense. I tried, I really did.
why was 6 afraid of 7	because 7,8,9.
Why didn't the sun have to attend university	It's already got thousands of degrees.
Why did the Amish woman get pregnant	Because she was seeing too many Mennonite.
Why shouldn't you carry two half dollars in your pocket	Because two halves make a whole (hole) and you could lose your money.
Why did the man invest in the kilovolt battery	He thought it had a lot of potential.
Why should a woman President never masturbate	Reports that she has her finger on The Button would cause panic.
Why is ISIS like Little Miss Muffet	They both have Kurds in their way.
Why do so many kids die in high school massacres	Because they aren't allowed to run in the corridors
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive	Because she was a woman.
Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark	Black people can't swim.
Why did the skeleton burp in the church	He didn't have the guts to fart
Why is a baby like an diamond	Because it's a dear little thing.
Why Couldn't Hellen Keller Drive	Because she is a woman.
Why do Italians wear gold chains	So they know where to stop shaving.
Why dont men like...nsfw Why don't men like... Prison	Butt rape. Aliens? Anal probes. Doctors? Prostate exams. Gays? Well I think you see where I'm going here.
Why was the chessmaster interested in foreign women	He wanted a Czech mate.
Why was 6 afraid of 9	Because 9 was still alive.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he Neverlands.
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he Neverlands!
Why do programmers get Halloween and Christmas mixed up	Because Oct31 = Dec25
Why are Women and Children evacuated first in a Disaster	So we can think about a solution in silence.
Why are giraffes' necks so long	Because their heads are so far from their bodies.
Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens	Because they kept saying ""Bach, bach, bach
Why did the water turn into steam	It mistbehaved
Why was Biggie hungry at school	He forgot Tupac his lunch! *knee slap*
Why does Trump wear a hairpiece	Because he thought the kids on the roller coaster were making fun of him when they shouted ""Donald, duck!"" Yep.
Why is the ocean so salty	Because the land never waves back.
Why are London buses red	Because they have to come every 10 minutes
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Because their peckers are on their face.
Why do people carry around umbrellas	Because they can't carry themselves
Why is Dick Clark a favourite star with horses	Because he was a disk jockey from Filly!
Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field	Because, corn has ears!
Why did Walt Disney visit a mechanic	He wanted to get his Car tuned
Why God impregnated Mary	Because instead of ""Oh Joseph! Cum in me!"", Mary said ""Oh God! Cum in me!
Why was the topologist confident about performing a vasectomy	Because open balls are in his neighborhood
Why do scuba divers fall backwards	Because if they fall forward they fall in the boat dumbass.
Why do black people have bigger penises	TestosTyrone
Why was the Gungan sent back in time by the Weeping Angel	He Jar Jar Blinked.
Why did the bank robber go to the chiropractor	Because he had a crook in his neck.
Why did the car swerve off the road	It hit the chicken. Bazing!
Why do farts smell	So the deaf can enjoy them.
Why did Insane Clown Posse never learn about magnets	They're repulsive!
Why did the Bloody Mary need a restraining order	Celery Stalks.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Why?"" To get to the gay-cunt's house. Knock knock. ""Who's there?"" The chicken.
Why are redneck murders so hard to solve	There are no dental records and all the DNA is the same.
Why was six scared of seven	Because seven ate nine.
Why did the stupid racing car driver make ten pit stops during the Grand Prix	He was asking for directions.
Why don't you starve in the desert	Because of the sand which is there.
Why did the Germans bail the Greeks out	Because they took Pita on them
Why did the sausage beat his kids	For being little brats.
Why should you never hire a Jewish plumber	They all seem to get a bit weird around showers.
Why do melons tend to have large weddings	They cantaloupe
Why was The Joker's US Passport application denied	Passports require proof of US citizenship and The Joker is a fictional character.
Why are gay men so well dressed	~~7~~ They didn't spend all that time in the *closet* doing nothing!
why couldn't the rabbi eat out during passover	His girlfriend had a yeast infection
Why don't Asians get constipated	Because of their frequent bow movements.
Why do vegetarian chefs type with their feet	Because they have great toe fu.
Why don't girls have beards	It's in their ""jeans"" ;)
Why does George Bush not know how to read	Because he was a stupid twat who should have never become president.
Why did the children cross the playground	To get to the other slide.
Why are doritos triangular	Because they are illuminachos.
Why do people with no arms have difficulty remembering	Because they can't put their finger on it.
Why should you never buy ukrainian underwear	Chernobyl fallout.
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why did the old woman put roller skates on her rocking chair	Because she wanted to rock and roll.
[NSFW] Why do the things Donald Trump says always sound fishy	Melania needs to douche.
Why should you hire a drag queen to help clean your garage	They know how to tuck away junk.
Why didn't Herbert Hoover get re-elected	Because he sucked.
Why was the one y.o. Ethiopian child crying	Because he was having his mid-life crisis.
Why do native american's hate snow	Because it's white &amp; on their land.
Why do scuba divers flip backwards when going into the water	Because if they flipped forwards they'd still be in the boat
Why did Raekwon tha Chef get fired from his job at an oyster bar	Cuz Wu Tang Clan got nuttin' to shuck with.
Why didn't the dog want to play football	It was a boxer !
Why do pedophiles LOVE twenty eight year old boys	Because, DUDE, there's 20 of them!
Why people cry during the weddings	...they are preparing for whats coming afterwards
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff	tequila
Why doesn't Melania Trump want her husband to become President	She doesn't want to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why did Snoop Dogg get arrested	Embezzlement
Why did the hipster burn himself	Because he played with fire before it was cool.
Why do you hold your hand flat above your eyes when you look into the distance	Because when you would cover your eyes with your hand, you wouldn't see sh*t. I'm lame.
Why does a Belgian have a knife in his car	To cut the corners!
Why are giraffes so tall	Because cheetahs are faster.
Why did god invent patchouli	So blind people can hate hippies too.
Why should you name your son Jackson	Because naming him Jacksoff would be embarrassing.
Why doesn't Skrillex like to go fishing	Because he always drops the bass.
Why aren't there any Mexicans in China	Because the Chinese know how to build a wall.
Why couldn't they show the orchestra concert on TV	There was too much sax and violins.
Why is Dave Mustaine described as ""heavy metal""	Because he sings lead. (Better read than said.)
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	It didn't want to get stuck in any cracks.
Why are there no Puerto Rican's in Star Trek	They won't work in the future either.
Why did the chicken cross the playground	... to get to the other slide. H/T - my seven year old son.
Why did the blonde pull the dildo out before she came	She wasn't on the pill
Why does #BLM make so many spelling mistakes	Because they got the whites out.
Why do white people own so many pets	Because they cant own blacks
Why was the young strawberry crying	His parents were in a jam.
Why did your sister jump out the window	Because she wanted to try out her new spring suit
Why was e^x so lonely at the party	Because every time he tried to integrate, he ended up with himself.
Why does the Asian News Anchor not stand up from behind his desk during presidential races	because he's covering an erection!
Why is a viola solo like a bomb	By the time you hear it, it's too late to do anything about it. A long list of viola jokes: http://www.mit.edu/~jcb/jokes/viola.html
Why are Panda's always sad	Because all their friends are dead.
Why the Chinese aren't democratic	Because their leaders can't bring themselves to say 'We need to have a great election; People will come from all over the country'
Why are cats so afraid of cucumbers	Because they're 96% water
Why didn't the Seahawks give the ball to Marshawn Lynch	They couldn't fined him.
[OC] Why don't dyslexics like the story of King Arthur	They think it's about the romance and majesty of Camelto.
Why was the sick eagle in prison	Because she was illegal.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl pee	Because they're all dead
Why did Hydrogen hurt Iron	Because he wanted to see him Sulfur.
Why did the chemist never say ""NO"" to anything	Because the reaction could be explosive.
Why can't I pay pay your mom for sex with my credit card	Because there's a minimum charge of 5 dollars.
Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman	- Because a woman who can't afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you.
Why was six afraid of seven... ...	because seven was a registered six offender.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippy	He was too far out, maan!
Why did the stoner go to the chapel	To marry Jane
Why haven't you ever seen a hippo hiding in a tree	Because they are really good at it.
Why was the baby ant confused	Because all of it's Uncles were Aunts(Ants)
Why can't Bruce Jenner drive a KIA	Because they have tranny problems too
Why does Jesus like Japanese food	Because he loves miso
Why do Catholics eat fish on Good Friday	Because Jesus died for our fins.
Why was the guy with the foot fetish in a bad neighborhood	Because he heard it was the place to get toes.
[Programmer Joke] Why did the int drown	Because he couldn't float! (Insert laughter here)
Why didn't anyone believe the transsexual's confession	It was a case of 'he said, she said'
Why didn't Spock do a mind meld with Frodo	Because he figured that would be a bad hobbit to get in to.
Why did the obtuse triangle go to the beach	Because it was more than 90 degrees.
Why would you rather run into a bmw driver than a cactus	Because it's easier to deal with just one prick
Why does the addict avoid going to the bank	Because he suffers from cash withdrawals.
Why did the drunk fall asleep at the wheel	He needed a place to crash.
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving	KFC isnt open on holidays.
Why are there no black people in the game Clue	Because then, it would be called Solved.
Why can't chickens pee	Their pecker's on the wrong end.
Why did the african child die while choking on rice	because he had malaria
Why is it never a good idea to use a Chinese phone book	There are so many Wings and Wongs, you might wing a wong number.
Why did Bob disagree with communism	He thought it was such Bolshevik.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a whiz	Because the P is silent!
Why do receipts need to be 75 feet long	I reach into my pocket thinking I have a wad of cash, turns out I just bought a soda earlier.
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think we give a fuck.
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera	Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
Why did the T-Rex get kicked outta the porn shoot	Because he had a reptile dysfunction
Why did the pig go to the casino	To play the slop machine!
Why do New Zealanders have so many furry conventions	Because they're kiwis.
Q: Why do men like blonde jokes	? A: Because they can understand them.
Why didn't Jesus eat bacon	It wasn't because he was Jewish, it's because he didn't exsist.
Why does a chicken coup only have two doors	If it had four, it'd be a chicken sedan.
Why did the tissue get up and dance	It had a little boogy in it.
Why doesn't the weatherman just say cloudy with a 90% chance of bullshit	Because that's pretty much what the forecast has been lately.
Why is a divorce so damn expensive	Because it fucking worth it!
Why is CoD like women	Search and Destroy.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	...he got the gas bill
Why did Mrs. Quartz divorce Mr. Quartz	He took her for granite.
Why did the cat give birth at the park	Because the sign at the park said ""Fine for Littering
Why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near.....	Because your an asshole that's why, dickweed
Why did the pasta get in trouble	Because he was stroganoff!
Why cant programmers tell the difference between christmas and thanksgiving	Because oct 31 = dec 25
Why does a blonde girl have a bruised belly button	She has a blonde boyfriend.
Why do black people like basketball	Because it invovles running, shooting, and stealing.
Why did god give Women legs	So they didn't leave slug trails. My father told me that when I was 8 years old.
Why is six scared of seven	Because seven is black.
Q: Why are conductors' hearts popular for  transplants	A: They've had little use.
Why was oedipus against profanity	Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Why are female inmates bad at grammar	Because they have their period in the middle of their sentence.
Why Can't Atheists Solve Exponential Equations	Because they don't believe in higher powers.
Why are Pakistan not allowed to play football	Because every time they get a corner they set up a shop.
Why is American Airlines the best airlines company	Because they are the only one to drop you directly to your office.
Why did the pig give his girlfriend a box of candy	It was Valenswine's Day.
Why is Mortal Kombat X popular among SJWs	Because it has the Block Button. *cue the flames*
Why was the leper hockey game canceled	There was a face-off in the corner.
Why couldn't the pornstar join the navy	There was too much seamen.
Why didn't Bruce Willis star in the movie ""Titanic""	Because he would've saved everybody.
Why are all ants British	Because they colonize.
Why did the paraplegic man cross the road	He couldn't
Why was the cancer doctor so tired	He was always oncol
Why do they call it GOLF	Because FUCK and SHIT were already taken.
Why didn't the bird cross the road	It chickened out.
Why are smaller breasts better for breastfeeding	They're more of a kids meal.
Why is your mother like the universe	They both create gravity waves when they bang.
Why is death rate among 20-25 year-old Chinese people rapidly increasing	It's just youth in asia.
Why couldn't the melon couple run off and get married	Because they can't elope.
Why can't Harry Potter distinguish between his best friend and his pot in potions class	They're both cauldron
Why was the Jew afraid to eat the pizza	Because it had pork sausage toppings.
Why do rogues wear leather armoe	Because it's made of hide.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered sex offender.
Why was the London sperm bank so unsuccessful	The were only two donors. One came on the bus, the other missed the tube.
Why JFK doesn't wear hats	It is an airport.
Why does everyone care who Tom Brady voted for	What we really wanna know is who Ja Rule voted for. WHERE IS JA?!
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	It was dead.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven's odd.
Why is semen white and pee yellow	So you know whether he's coming or going.
Why do the French have so many civil wars	So they can win one every now and again. (Thanks, John Cleese! This was too good not to share.)
Why is six afraid of seven	seven eight nine. (seven ate nine)
Why did the coke dealer retire	He was tired of putting his business in other peoples' noses
Why did the bishop love Walmart	'Coz the boys pants are all half off.
Why did the restaurant on the moon fail	They barely had any atmosphere.
Why to Native Americans wear Jockstraps	TOTEM POLE!!
Q: Why did the ghoul eat a light bulb	A: Because he was in need of a light snack.
Why is it called Black Friday	Because everything is a steal.
why do girls wear makeup and perfume	because they're ugly and they stink.
Why do computer programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas	Because Oct31 = Dec25
Why are girls so hot	because they lay out in the sun so much lol :P
Why did Cruz pick Carly Fiorina as his running mate	To lay off his campaign staff.
Why do girls rub their eyes when they wake up	Cause they don't have balls to scratch
Why are there fences around cemeteries	Because people are just dying to get in!
Why did the moron throw the clock out the window	Because it reminded him of Richard Clock, the man accused of viciously knife-raping his wife.
Why are dirty jokes so uncommon	Because the punchline's always so hard
Why are hippies against capitalism	Because money doesn't grow on trees.
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella	There was a Lil Wayne outside
Why is Nazi cooking horrible	Because everything is burnt but with a Jewey center.
Why do Chinese workers work so hard	Because their companies are always short-staffed.
Why do scholars use big words	To avoid circumlocution.
Why does the nazi love to bring his jewish friend to indian restaurants	Because he loves to order some **sizlar** for his jewish friend.
Why should men not engage in esports while horny	They get erekt.
Why did Jesus come to Earth	To get to the other side. Ba dum tssshh
Why are C programmers never invited to parties	They have no class
Why are Pokemon terrible to play hide and seek with	Because they pikachu
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize	Because he was *out standing in his field*!
Why does a dog lick it's balls	Because they're delicious. What? You've never tried them? You're missing out.
Why did the two men from Moscow get escorted out from the concert	Because they wouldn't stop Russian the stage...
Why did the English major break up with the pilot	Because the pilot kept ending sentences with a preposition, over.
Why were the Soviets able to beat the Western Allies to Berlin	Because they were Russian!
Why does Sean Connery suck at DIY	A lack of shelf awareness.
Why was the Sun mad at all the clouds	Because they kept throwin shade
Why didn't Jesus cross the road	Because you can't cross a road when your nailed to a cross
Why did the porkchop scream for help	I'd tell you the rest, but I don't want to spoil the meat of the joke.
Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies	For shits and giggles.
Why did the man with 5 dicks take his pants to the tailor	So they'd fit like a glove.
Why don't you see blind people skydiving	Because it scares the fuck out of the guide dogs.
Why did the blind jew got killed	because he could nazi
Why did the Irish man never get caught drink driving	Because he never left the pub.
Why were the witch and wizard always kissing each other's necks	Because they were neckromancers
Why couldn't Jesus eat M&amp;M's	because of the holes in his hands
Why do Trans people hate the former Soviet Republics	[Fucking CIS scum.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Independent_States)
Why do girls wear make up and perfume	'Cuz they're ugly and they stink!
Why does Pinocchio lie	Because he's a fucking liar.
Why did the Khmer Rouge smoke weed	Because Pol Pot's followers are called Potheads.
Why do black folk carry around ""boomboxes""	it's just their stereo-type!
Why was the President broke after the assassination attempt	Secret service charges.
Why is light beer like having sex in a canoe	They're both fucking close to water.
Why are a prostitute and a teacher so similar	They both get screwed
Why do toucans only go camping in pairs	So they can bring two canopies.
Why was the doctor forced to leave work early	The hospital ran all out of patience
Why was the attorney kicked out of choir	All she could sing was, ""Law, law, law, law, law, law, law.
Why did Steph Curry cross the road	Because he wasn't far enough from the 3pt line to take the shot.
Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants	In case they get a hole in one!
Why do failing college girls always screw their professors	Cause they want the D.
Why is Jesus happy people hang pictures of him	It only takes one nail to put him on a wall.
Why should you never disturb a mirror	Because they are always reflecting.
Why did the black man wear a suit to his vasectomy	If he was going to be Impotent he wanted to look impotent. (important)
Why was the healthy potato not allowed on the plane	He was on the ""No Fry"" list.
Why don't women wear skirts in San Fransisco	Because their balls would show.
Why did the grain call his sister ""momma""	Because he was in bread!
Why do Queenslanders call their beer, ""XXXX""	Because they can`t spell the word, beer.
Why does the graveyard have fences	Because people were dying to get in!
Why was the man so down in the mouth	Because he ate his pillow.
Why do record collectors have bad sex lives	They're always complaining about the 10"" they don't have.
Why did the internit paint his computer screen in little black and white squares	He wanted to check his e-mail.
Why's it a good idea to have a threesome with 2 Vietnamese girls	It's usually a Nguyen/Nguyen.
Why do the Scottish Wear Kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why didn't Jesus have any children	He only got nailed by guys ;)
Why did the dead baby cross the road	I ve been practicing my drop kick
Why did Adele cross the street	To say hello.... From the other side.
Why are turn signals great workers	When they get tired and burn out, they work twice as hard.
Why did Mozart kill his chickens	Because they were always saying, ""Bach, Bach, Bach, Bach
Why don't Jehovah's witnesses celebrate Halloween	They don't appreciate strangers coming up to their door.
Why do white girls like odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why couldn't the Mod get into the club	He never got banned.
Why do you never see any ancient Central American civilizations anymore	They're all M.I.A. ^^^Mayan, ^^^Incan, ^^^Aztec
Why is the sea so salty	Because the land didn't wave back.
Why is politics for the birds	Because politiciands always parrot the same old lines!
Why don't emus ever finish all the food on their plates	They don't want to be ostrich-sized!
Why did a Hispanic man rob a train	He had loco motives!
Why did the band Nickelback get booed at the football halftime show	Because they suck.
Why are batman and black man different	Bat man can go a whole night without robin
Why does Mexico do so badly in the Olympics	Because everyone who can run, jump or swim is in the US.
Why Did the Italian Go to the Sauna	For a self'a steam.
Why was 10 scared	... because he was in the middle of 9-11! Better phrasing recommendations appreciated :-)
Why are gardeners the best pimps	Because they are well versed in whorticulture
Why can't Chinese people tie their shoes	I would love to tell you, but I am afraid the answer is a little bit lacist.
Why do traffic lights never go swimming	Because they spend too much time changing.
Why did the girl fall off the swing	Because someone threw a fridge at her....
Why do British prostitutes always carry Vaseline	Because their lips have so many chaps on them!
Why is divorce so expensive	BECAUSE IT'S WORTH IT!!!
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucifixion	CrossFit
Why would you wear two pairs of pants while golfing	You might get a hole in one.
Why does Dracula have no friends	Because he's a pain in the neck.
Why did the Mexican fail English class	Because he refused to turn in his essays
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door	A: To win the no-bell prize.
Why dont they use phone books in China	Because they have so many Wing's and Wong's That they might Wing the Wong Numba!!!
Why did the pirate go to Ireland	he thought he was going to Arrrland.
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells	Because the D shells are too big, and the B shells are too small.
Why do Chinese people love NY	Because they heard we sell hotdogs for $0.75 each.
Why do men carry condoms instead of women	Because by the time women found a condom in their purses, kid would be 3 years old
Why did the blonde have bruises on her belly button	Blond guys aren't too smart either.
Why does Karl Marx like stormy days	There are no classes.
Why do computer scientists get Halloween and Christmas confused	Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey	He's always nailed to the boards....
Why did voldermort used Twitter instead of Facebook	Because he only had followers. Not friends.
Q: Why did the eskimo wash his clothes in Tide	A: Because it was too cold outside.
Why do pigs run into trees	To shake out the alligators. I've never seen an alligator In a tree. That's because the pigs do such a good job.
Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp	Because she's thick and tired of it.
Why shouldn't you get a Bachelors in Science	Because it's BS. Yea that was bullshit. Fine I'll cut it out..
Why does Santa have such a big sack	Becomes he only CUMS once a year
Why do sandwiches never have kids	Because they always turn out in-bread.
Why did the football player go to the bank	To get his quarterback.
Why do chicken coups have two doors	Because if they had 4 doors they'd be a chicken sedan.
Why does Santa have 3 houses	One for each of his hoes.
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team	Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
Why are there so few black hockey players	Because there was no cotton in Canada.
Why do deaf women wear tight jeans	So you can read their lips.
Why can't my girlfriend perform at open mic night	Because she's a cover thief.
Why are aspirins white	Because they actually work.
Why did Simba have trouble returning to Pride Rock	He ran into trafiki.
Why is Darth Vader so famous	He was the first black man to admit he is the father.
Why didn't the Mexican go bow hunting	Because he didn't habanero.
Why couldn't the dimwit read more than one sentence	There was a full stop
Why did Rembrandt lose his house	Because he was *Baroque*.
Why did the police assault the crowd	Because a-peppering them would make them sneeze!
Why did the bullet stay home	Because it got fired!
Why did the Irishman wear two condoms	To be sure, to be sure.
Why were the bakers hands brown	He kneaded a poo
why was the SJW angry at apple	because it wasn't PC.
Why did Eric Clapton switch from PC to Mac	He had a bad experience with windows.
Why did the can crusher hate his job	Because it was soda pressing
Why does Shang Tsung always enjoy a religious song from Finland	Because it's a Finnish hymn.
Why did the Irish Football manager flood the pitch	So he could bring his 'sub' on
Why do black people have white palms	Because everyone has a little bit of good in them.
Why did President Kennedy never get drunk	He wasn't very good at taking shots.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee	Because he drank it before it was cool.
Why were there only 3,000 Mexicans at The Alamo	They only had 4 cars.
Why do you think your report should be on the  net	Because my marks are all 'E's.
Why did the elephant eat the candle	He wanted a light snack!
Why don't melons marry on a whim	They cantaloupe.
Why does Oedipus hate to swear	Because he kisses his mother with that mouth
Why are men typically smarter than women	They come across more things.
Why did the hipster burn their tongue	They ate their dinner before it was cool.
Why did the boy peek down the toilet bowl	He was trying to find Winnie the Pooh.
Why is it a bad idea to hunt the US national bird	It's ill-eagle
Why did the roman only smoke 490 blunts and not 500	Because XD
Why do we call them the Smoky Mountains	Because the moonshiners got there before the cartographers!
Why did Santa divorce Mrs Clause	because he only came once a year
Why so the French line their streets with trees	So the Germans can march in the shade
Why can you only ran through a campground and not run	Because it's past tents.
Why do rednecks make the best sandwiches	Because they are in bread.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why did Henry VIII have so many wives	He liked to chop and change !
why are narwhals so sexually attracted to everything	because they are horny
Why did the blind girl fall in the well	She couldn't see that well.
why did the Marty Mcfly cross the road...	Because nobody calls him chicken!
Why did the women cross the road	Well thats  not the point what is she doing out of the kitchen?!!!
why did they bury liberace face down	so his friends could stop by for a cold one...
[NSFW]Why the Higgs boson is so respected by other particles	He decides who gets some ass.
Why did the dentist divorce the manicurist	She tried to stick her finger in his cavity.
Why do bald men cut holes in their pockets	So they can run their fingers through their hair.
Why didn't the sun go to college	He already had 28 billion degrees.
Why is a cow that he jumps	Because he higher and higher. ^(I translated the joke from Dutch, and yeah it's supposed to not make any sense, it just sounds funny, in Dutch at least. :-$)
Why is 'secret' such a popular password on Brazzers	You can type it with one hand.
Why does mama aardvark call her husband a cannibal	Because he ate his ant for dinner!
Why didn't the Mexican go now hunting	Because he didn't habanero.
Why do Americans weight lift in tank tops	Because they like to exercise their right to bare arms.
Why was the fish swimming backwards	It didn't want to get water in its eyes.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	Because it was too chicken!
Why don't black people know how to swim	Because nobody jumped off the ship
Why couldn't the bike stand up	It was two tired
Why don't pedophiles win marathons	They're always coming in a little behind..
Why is England so special	Only they can pull out of Europe twice in a week.
Why don't black people like pirates	they pronounce everything with a hard ""aargh
Why is a banana the most attractive fruit	Everyone finds it a-peeling.
Why do onions have poor self-image	Because people cry when they get onions naked.
Why are your kids like drugs	Because the law says you shouldn't do them, but it feels *sooooo* good - until you wake up the next day and just want to flat-out kill yourself.
Why do hunters make good lovers	1. They always go deep in the bush. 2. They shoot often. 3. They always eat what they shoot.
Why should you never order the eggs while in France	Because they are always uf.
Why is it not a good idea to send cats to Mars	Because Curiosity would kill them!
Why are notes natural leaders	Because while a note makes a sound, the rest is silent.
Why do scuba divers always fall backwards into the water	If they fell forward they'd still be in the boat.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax	To control Hispanic attacks
Why did the little girl eat her money for lunch	Because her mom gave her money for lunch. 8 year old sister told me this joke, gave me a good laugh.
Why do Jews have a big nose	Because air is free
Why didn't the child in the secret society get a present for christmas	He had been illumi-naughty
Why did the wave fail the driving test	It kept crashing on the beach.
Why was the broom late	Because it over swept! (Source: Thomas and Friends - Edward the hero)
Why did the jew leave the party early	He had gas.
Why can't men get mad cow disease	Because all men are pigs.
Why don't the zebra and the lion like to play cards in the prairie	'CAUSE THERE'S TOO MANY CHEETAHS!!!
Why did the blonde have a red sore on her belly button	Because blonde men are idiots too.
Why do Mexicans cross the border in pairs	Because it's says ""No *Tres*passing.
Why do people say love is like chemistry	Because you can put it in someones drink
Why did the man tear a page out of the calendar	He wanted to take a month off.
Why Jewish are one of the most intelligent people in the world	They spent a lot of time in Concentration camps.
Q: Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes	A: He wanted to go bear foot.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	Becoz, its a chicken ... bok bok bawwkkk [insert chicken dance here]
Why was Mohamed Ali born a fighter	In the womb, he used to fight bald clowns. (Self made joke)
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 killed the headphone jack with lightning
Why can't the NSA leaker leave Russia	Because he's Snow'd-in!
Why did Ernest Hemingway kill himself	He was paid per word.
Why are we making such a big deal about the wheels on the bus going round and round	They're wheels.
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book	Because they all have phones!
Why is the customer service at the Reddit Restaurant so terrible	Because all of the servers are busy.
Why are black people so tall	Because their Knee Grows! (Told to me buy a black friend so dont be calling me a racist)
Why couldn't Batman go to the movie	Because it was rated ""PG
Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs	Because they always take things literally.
Why do dogs lick their balls	Because they can! Why can't humans? Because they'll bite us!
Why do 95% of black males like sex in the shower	The other 5% aren't in jail.
Why is it hard to watch two elephants boxing	Because they've got the same colour trunks.
Why is it impossible to run through a campground	You can only ran, because it's past tents.
Why did darren willson quickscope michael brown	He was black.
Why do Asian women have small tits	Because only A's are acceptable.
Q: Why are frogs so happy	A: They eat whatever bugs them!
Why aren't koalas real bears	Because they don't meet the koalifications!
Why did Obama tap Merkel's phone	To hear a smart politician.
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.
Why are there only 239 beans in Irish stew	Because one more, and it'd be too farty.
Why did the prostitute join the Mormon church	She wanted a high paying missionary position.
Why did the bass player miss his second lesson	He had a gig that night.
Why are there no Walmarts in Syria	Because they're all targets.
Why do French people eat no more than 1 egg per meal	Because one is un uf.
Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq	Because there's a Target around every corner.
Why the rabbits love Selena Gomez	im farting carrots, im farting carrots...
Why does Beyonce say ""To the left, to the left""	Because black people have no rights.
Why aren't there any Muslim feminists	Pork is haram
Why are women and noodles alike	They both wriggle when you eat them.
Why did Nobelium's car got towed away	He parked at a *No* parking!
why didn't natalie wood take a shower on the boat	she wanted to wash up on shore...
Why don't golddiggers eat fruit	An apple a day keeps the doctors away
Why did neither Hillary nor Trump win the election	Jill Stein
Why do porn directors prefer real Christmas trees	Because they don't need fluffing.
Why haven't we sent a woman to the moon	It doesn't need cleaning
Why does Euler's Number say it's ""going number 2"" when it pees	Because its natural log is 1. I'll show myself out now.
Why were the people in the Twin Towers disappointed on 9/11	They ordered 2 pepperoni pizzas, but all they got were 2 large plains.
Why doesn't America like knock knock jokes	Because freedom rings.
Why wasn't toto as excited as dorothy when they traveled the yellow brick road	he missed the rains down in africa
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. stop drinking	It was making him Moody
Why are fruit fetishists never alone	Because they cum in pears.
Why does Kim Jong Un so quick to anger	He's been holding in his shit for years
Why is there such a big war in the Middle East	Because they're having difficulties finding out where the ISIS (created by my 10 year old 5 minutes ago)
Why were the flies playing football in saucer	They where playing for the cup !
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because number 7 is Luis Suarez, and he'll eat 9, 10, 11 and the rest of your team. (Disclaimer: The joke above is only applicable when he plays for Liverpool)
Why don't orphans enjoying playing baseball.	Because they don't know where Home is.
Why shouldn't you wear a watch on your belt	It'd be a waste of time.
Why did god give Marines one more IQ point than he gave to horses	So they won't shit during parades.
Why do Jews have big noses	Because air is free.
Why can't you trust atoms	Because they make everything up.
Why was the robot cold	He was missing his winter gear
Why Couldn't The Melon Get Married	Because it can't-elope!
Why do Arabs only buy Chevy Trucks	Because they're like Iraq.
Why did Jesus have a six pack	It was from all the cross-training...
Why is it impossible to argue with Trump	Because the Earth's rotation automatically makes a circle jerk out of him
Why did the dry cleaners get shut down	The owner was arrested for money laundry-ing
Why do they call it the Dark Ages	Because of all the ""knights
Why do Mexicans like spicy food	It induces labor.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he's out standing in his field.
Why don't feminists carry handguns	Because of the triggers. I'm sorry
Why did osama kill his wife	When he lifted her skirt, he saw *bush* .
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 8 and 9 died a horrible and tragic death, and 7 is the prime suspect.
Why is the oval office oval shaped	Because the government cuts corners.
Why did they call it cuppa soup	because ebola soup wasn't very appealing
Why was Osama Bin Laden obsessed with Eminem	He was an Afghani-Stan.
Why didn't the cargo ship want to leave the bay	Because it was a freight!
Why did the footballer hold his boot to his ear	Because he liked sole music !
Why women live longer than men	Because shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying bills does.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of a boat	Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Why do gyms produce the best Rebels	Because of all the resistance training
Why'd the apple jump in the grinder	He was suicider.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	they are really good at it
Why do black people always finish first in a running race	There's a KFC at the end of the finish line.
Why don't you see Santa for the rest of the year	Because for the rest of the year he's in prison for breaking into people's houses.
Why did the horny furry get arrested	Because he was a sexual predator.
Why is my father so abusive	Beats me
Why did hitler get an A in chemistry	He always knew the final solution!
Why is Iron Man Italian	Because to get him you have to rig-a-tony..
Why do they say ""Amen"", not ""Awomen""	Because they sing ""hymns"" not ""hers
Why do Catholic priests like Indian restaurants so much	Unlimited fresh naans!
Why does the american border patrol guard take Xanax	To stop hispanic attacks.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a registered six offender.
Why did the poor dog chase his tail	Because he was trying to make both ends meet.
Why couldn't Jango wear Boba's helmet	It didn't Fett.
Why was the Human Torch arrested	He had firearms.
Why did the joke on /r/jokes get removed	[removed]
Why did the skeletons start dancing	Because they forgot the g in graveyard.
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle	Because the paracetemol.
Why did the vegan avoid the confrontation	He didn't want any beef.
Why does chav code never compile	They end every statement with init
Why is 1 disapproving of 6	That one doesn't believe in six before marriage.
Q: Why do brunettes know so many blonde jokes	A: Gives 'em something to do on Saturday night!
Why did the surfer join ISIS	Because he was totally radical! EDIT: I guess this didn't blow up.
Why don't black people dream	Because we killed the last one that did.
Why didn't the man go under the boardwalk	He doesn't like giving in to pier pressure.
Why did the young Mexican solve the problem so easily	It was a no buena My girlfriend is Mexican so I love Mexican jokes. Let me know if you have one!
Why did the burglar take a shower	He wanted to make a clean getaway
Why do high school girls always travel in odd numbers	Because they can't evennn...
Why did the angry skeptic keep ignoring official reports about the eventual release of Half-Life 3	He was blowing off Steam
Why does 7 have an odd sense of humor	Because he abused when he was younger.. it's really quite sad.
Why did the man with one hand cross the road	To get to the second hand shop!
Why do Eskimos have wide noses	Because they pick their nose with their gloves on.
Why does Mexico do so poorly in the Olympics	Because everybody who can run, jump, or swim is already in America.
Why doesn't santa have any children	'cause he cums down the chimney
Why was the girl at starbucks counting her coins in 3's	Because white girls cant even
Why did the Tumblr user get cut up on Halloween	She identified as pump-kin.
Why is Daniel Radcliffe celebrated and worshiped in Judaism	Because he's the only one who escaped the chamber.
Why was the school principal not pleased when he bumped into an old friend	They were both driving their cars at the time !
Why do bad farmers make good DJs	Because they've got sick beets!
Why are gay men so good at holding their breath	There isnt a lot of air in a closet
Why do proctologists like Facebook	It's another chance to look up old friends.
Why was the tired criminal delighted when he was caught by the police	Because he needed *arrest*!!!
Why do people find Anne Frank so attractive	Because she is smoking hot
Why was Muhammad a successful merchant	Because he was god's profit.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	Because he couldn't pay the gas bill
Why are Ford cars so popular	Because they are affordable.
Why did the gay guy cross the road	I'll let you know when I get to the other side.
Why did the chiropractor have trouble waiting behind people	Because he didn't know what alignment. I hope this one cracks you up!
Q: Why are Republicans always so strung up about 9/11	A: Elephants never forget.
Why couldn't the drunk make it as a lawyer	He couldn't pass the bar.
Q: Why did the boy drop his ice cream	A: He was hit by a bus
Why do black men smell bad	Because prison showers aren't very good...
Why couldn't Mario ever watch Netflix with Peach	Because the princess was always on another Castle.
Why is Reddit the best place for freedom of speech	[removed]
Why did the chicken cross the road To see the ugly man. Knock knock Who's there	The chicken.
Why are turds tapered on the ends	so your asshole doesn't slam shut
Why don't Mexicans blow their noses	So that they have something to pick in the off-season.
Why Can't the Guy Addicted to Brake Fluid Quit	He couldn't stop.
Why did the spy cross the road	Because he was never on your side.
Why did the robot get detention	Because he was accused of Boolean.
Why are the Irish considered lucky	It's because they're always drunk as hell.
Why do bees buzz	Because they can't whistle !
Why did the H kill himself	Because the G had.
Why did the biker decline an invitation to the rally	He was just two tired.
Why can't lions ever conquer the world	Because the pride comes before the fall.
Why was the strawberry sad	Because her mother was in a jam.
Why is the Computer D Drive always sad	D:
Why do black people love God so much	Because he's the only father that hasn't left them.
Why is almond milk called almond milk	Because nobody would drink it if it was called nut juice.
Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip	To get to the same side.
Why You Shouldn't Drink Toilet Water There are two reasons why you should never drink toilet water: Number 1	Number 2.
Why do they call it PMS	Because mad cow disease was taken
Why do the horses hate the jockey	Because he's a horse racist.
Why did Dr Facilier cross the road	He had friends on the other side.
Why don't Polish girls use vibrators	They're afraid of chipping their teeth.
Why is it better to date a woman with heavy thighs during the winter	Your ears stay warmer.
Why don't cannibals like clowns	they taste funny!
Why did blonde open a fishcan in a shop	Because on top of it was written : Open here.
Why did the DJ consider himself to be a part of the LGBTQ community	Because he was transitioning.
Why did the blonde move to California	To be a star on Broadway Creds to That 70's Show S04 E6
Why is the cook worried about catching his runaway pig	He knows a little ham goes a long way.
Why did the climate change denier oversleep	He wasn't worried about all that alarmism.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory	For throwing out all the w's.
Why did the fish fall off it's bike	It's a fish.
Why does Michael Scott hate Hamlet	Toby or not Toby
Why did the chicken cross the road	BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T FUCKING COOK IT!"" -Gordon Ramsay
Why can't you bring valve oil to the airport	Because its a band substance
Why can't zombies play the blues	Just feels like they don't put their soul in to it.
Why are homosexuals usually so pale	Because there's no light in the closet. P.S: No, I'm not homophobic.
Why'd Sally fall off the swings	Cause she's got no arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea	Because proper tea is theft.
Why are astrophysicists always nervous before they launch a new satellite	It can be a very Hubble-ing experience. These jokes may not be funny for you, but they are Fermi.
Why is it so hard to get a comb from a bald man	Because they never part with them
Why did the husband go to jail for a crime his wife committed	Because they finish each other's sentences
Why is Mickeys dog named Pluto	Because hes not a planet.
Why did Mother Nature trip the last day of summer	To make it Fall.
Why did the jihadi hooker ask for advance payment from her clients	She blew them every time.
why was the 6 month old African baby crying	It was having a mid life crisis
Why don't lesbians make good cooks	They're always eating out.
Why are blood bank workers so good at correcting spelling mistakes	Because they see typos every day.
Why are Wendy's burgers so good	Because they don't cut corners.
Why is it a bad idea to snort cocaine out of someone's butthole	It's been tainted
Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money	All their work is pro Bono.
Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant	He comes in a bottle. - My grandma.
Why does a chicken coop have two doors	If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan !
Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees	Because they are really f**king good at it.
Why does T-Pain always look well rested	Because he is a NAPPY BOY!!!
Why is Michael J. Fox better than a vibrator	You never have to buy batteries.
Why do fish always sing off key	You can't tuna fish.
Why do women have legs for	To not leave a snail trail behind them.
Why do pigs run from medicine	They hate getting cured.
Why are cows so horny	Cause they're always in the moo'd!
Why was epsilon afraid of zeta	Because zeta ate a theta
Why does Barbie like Halloween	It's pump-ken time
Why don't Episcopalians play chess	They don't know the difference between a bishop and a queen
Why was the orphan so successful	When they told him ""go big or go home"", he only had one option.
Why did the doctor go on a ski trip alone	He was part of doctors without boarders .
Why did Tigger jump down the toilet	He was looking for Pooh.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	To get to the bottom! (This was my favourite joke when I was 8) :)
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween confused	Because: 25 DEC == 31 OCT Merry Christmas Fellow Nerds! :)
Why is reddit called reddit	Because everyone keeps reposting the same stuff.
Why did the pedophile go to Walmart	He heard that boys pants were half off.
Why does no one want to work in the yard with a carpenter	Because they take a fence to that.
Why do farmers put bells on cows	Because their horns dont work!
Why is the vagina also called pussy	Because, when the chick gets aroused, it gets all sticky, like it has pus in it. Get it? Pus-sy.
Why does a moon rock taste better than an earth rock	Because it's a little meteor.
Q: Why are horses poor dancers	A: They have two left feet.
Why are ballerinas so vigilant	They are always kept on their toes.
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey	He doesn't want to get nailed to the Boards.
Why did twoface go to the dentist	He dented his tooth
Why does the doctor spank the baby after birth	To knock the dicks off the dumb ones.
Why are blind people bad computer programmers	Because they can't C.
Why don't klansmen like to eat sushi	because that would be a case of rice mixing
Why are dentists really good hackers	Because they always get root access.
Why did the power go out when Optimus Prime got his first blow job	Someone blew a transformer.
Why did you destroy that urinal cake	Peer pressure
Why do white girls go out in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
Why is Reddit called ""Reddit""	The first name they came up with reminded them too much of olive oil.
Why didn't the melons get married in Vegas	Because they cantaloupe. This joke was brought to you by Dads inc.
Why are Jedis allowed to use negative numbers	Because only Siths deal in absolutes.
Why Can't America tell knock knock jokes	Cause' freedom RINGS!
Why did the spy cross the border	Because he never really was on your side.
Why do stormtroopers make good drivers	They won't ever hit anything.
Q: Why did God create man before woman	A: He didn't want any advice.
Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own	**Because it's two tired.**
Why are yachts and ships so scary	Because they're for boating.
Why did the airplane no longer work	Because it was **terminal**ly ill. I'll show myself out.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants	In case he got a hole-in-one.
Why do women wear white wedding dresses	So the dishwasher can match the refrigerator and stove
Why was ""six"" afraid of ""seven	Because seven was a registered six offender.
Why don't Hollywood talent agents drink chocolate milk	Because it's not about who you know, but no Yoo-hoo.
Why is OP's dog never satisfied	They don't do liver
Why was ""what is love"" played at a funeral	Because he had a will, and he haddaway.
Why didn't Isaac Newton drink wine	He knew better than to drink and derive.
Why did the bike fall over	Because it was two tired
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player	Love means nothing to them.
Why does a squirrel swim on its back	To keep its nuts dry.
Why did the Jews wander in the desert for 40 years	Because one of them dropped a nickel.
Why was Georg Ohm such a badass rockstar	Because he knew a squared amp and resistance gave you power
Why does light travel faster than sound	Because some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Why are Chihuahuas such good bedtime storytellers	They have short tales!
Why is Columbus a slang term for cocaine in Native American communities	Because it's white and kills them.
Why do drugs for small dogs have to be tested on larger ones first	All canine drugs must be lab tested before their public release.
Why did Frankenstein squeeze his girlfriend to  death	He had a crush on her.
Why doesn't Hermione keep her money at Gringotts	Offshore investment gains a better return.
Why can't a T-Rex clap	Because it's extinct
Why is Peter pan always flying	Because he neverlands
Why don't Baptist's have sex standing up	It could lead to dancing.
Why are monsters hipsters	Because they've been coming out of the closet since before it was cool.
Why is the Force like duct tape	It has a dark side, a light side, and it holds the universe together.
Why did Princess Dianna cross the road	She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Why did the dog sit in the front seat of the car	Because the car had a sun ""woof""! Yes, I made this up myself. Yes, I have no friends.
Why are there so many trees in Harlem	Public Transportation.
Why did the idiot drive his pickup truck over the side of the cliff	He wanted to try out his new air brakes.
Why do feminist picnics suck	Because no one ever makes sandwiches.
Why did the welder put on a scuba tank	Someone's got to fix this sub.
Why do nuns always travel in pairs	Because one nun follows the other nun to make sure that nun doesn't get none.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	He uses the best ingredients, you cruel bastards.
Why do bird watchers invest so much money in breast cancer awareness	Because they are greatly satisfied by seeing Tucans.
Why did the Boxer Rebellion fail	They had no Qin
Why does my son Richard like playing in the mud	Because he then becomes filthy Rich.
Why some people like Donald Trump...	Because he doesn't beat around the ""Bush
Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman	Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you.
Why are Democrats stupid enough to believe in climate change	Because they were vaccinated as children.
Why was yellow angry at red	Red blue green.
Why does Highlander 2 exist	There can only be one.
Why is it so hard to play cards in the jungle	There are too many cheetahs. Courtesy of the St. Louis Zoo Facebook page.
Why did the man bring his bed with him to the hospital	It's because he heard hospital beds have a high mortality rate.
Q: why did the blond stare at her orange juice for 2 hours	A: because it said ""concentrate
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He drank his tea before it was cool.
Why are there so many women archeologists	Because they love digging up the past.
Why did the chicken cross the road	... It chickened out. (Sorry if repost) (Also, first post so be nice :) )
Why is the space between a woman's breasts and her hips called a ""waist""	Because you could easily fit another pair of tits in there
Why does Jesus always leave a door open for you	Because he was born in a barn.
Why do people in wheelchairs have such low confidence	Because they never stand up for themselves.
Why do Women get So Big when they're Pregnant	To give their kids a wide birth.
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his mates	Because he's married.
Why did the alcoholic never realize his dream of becoming a lawyer	He just couldn't pass the BAR.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee	Because he was drinking it before it was cool
Q: Why can't the bankrupt cowboy complain	A: He has got no beef.
Why are camels considered the ships of the desert	They are full of arab semen.
Why do you look out the window in the morning	Because you can't see through walls, and you can't see anything at night anyway.
Why should you never take a pig out on a date	She might squeal on you.
Why are Japanese people all skinny	Because of their national diet.
Why does a woman smile when walking down the aisle	She knows that she no longer has to give blow jobs.
Why can't Jimmy ride his bike	Because he has no limbs Kinda dark, I know. It's just for those out there who would chuckle at this. ;D
Why is it bad that Peyton Manning shilled for Budweiser	Because he clearly owed the win to Miller.
Why did the bunch of grapes exile one of the grapes	It was a persona non grappa.
Why did the Eagle go to store to buy some Rogaine	To cover up his bald spot.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	He didn't want to get spotted.
Why did the moth nibble a hole in the carpet	He wanted to see the floor show !
why are bouquets only for flowers	why not a bouquet of hot dogs. or a bouquet of hot dogs with ketchup. or a bouquet of hot dogs with musta
Why did the hipster burn his tongue drinking tea	Because he didn't wait for it to be cool.
Why is Wendy never pregnant	Because Peter's sperm Neverlands.
Why doesn't Jesus enjoy manicures or pedicures	Because they always try to mess with his nails.
Why has /r/jokes won an environmental award	Everything gets recycled.
Why did NBC add the Michael J. Fox Show to its line-up	To shake things up on network tv.
Why was the legless man immortal	Because he couldn't kick the bucket.
Why do Jews have blue penises	Because they're tight-fisted wankers.
Why doesn't each pokemon have an additional poke ball	Testicular cancer
Why did the stupid boy put clothes on the valentines he was sending	Because they needed to be ad-dressed!
Why did the monkey fall from the tree	Because it was dead.
Why do pediatricians get so frustrated	They have very little patients.
Why do men die before their wives	Because they want to.
Q: Why is the letter E like London	A: Because it is the capital of England.
Why did the bareback performer ride his horse	Because it got too heavy to carry.
Why can't gay students ever have a 4.0 GPA	Because they're not straight A students.
Why dont i watch porn anymore	Because they all suck ass.
Why is a foreign exchange student like a gynecologist	Because they both study abroad!
Why did the college student ask for a refund on his student loan	#Because his *degree* didn't work!
[OC] Why Did the Paradox Cross the road	Because it didn't.
Why did the felon have so much energy	He was well arrested!
Why was Phil Collins... ...never a good betting man	Because he always went Against All Odds.
Why won't a bike stand up by itself	It's two tired.
Why was the Amish girl kicked out of her community	Too Mennonite
Why did the philanthropist learn how to subtract	Because he wanted to make a difference. My first original, time for open mic!
Why don't vikings send e-mails	They prefer to use Norse code.
Why should Ray Charles be a psychologist	Because he feels for everyone.
Why do ostriches have long necks	Because their heads are so far from their bodies!
Why don't Polish mothers breast feed their babies	They hate to boil their nipples.
Q: Why do cows moo	A: Because their horns don't work.
Why did the man with a stammer never get out of jail	He couldn't finish his sentence.
Why is everyone complaining about Mayweather	We're only 4 days in and I think it's been just fine
Why do Native Americans dance at strip clubs	They want to make it rain.
Why did Comic Sans's girlfriend leave him	He just wasn't her type.
Why should you never trust an atom	Because they make up everything.
Q: Why were the Clintonites pushing the BTU Tax	A: Because they could spell it.
Why was Princess Peach worried when Mario wanted to use her laptop	She forgot to delete her Bowser history
Why did the Skeleton cross the road	Question: Why did the Skeleton cross the road? Answer: To go to the body shop.
Why do asians eat dogs	Because they like their dicks?(* eating them ofcourse) I seriously dont know.
Why doesn't Mexico have its own Olympic team	Because all those who can run, jump, or swim are already in the US.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	Because if it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why do midgets laugh when they run in fields	Because the grass tickles their balls
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	because they're ugly, and they smell bad [and hate jokes](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/d2gmw/why_do_girls_wear_makeup_and_perfume/)
Why did the banker resign	His customers lost interest in him.
Why didn't anyone care about the circus	Because it was irr-elephant
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	He was too far out man...
Why do they call it PMS	Because mad cow disease was already taken
Why did the terrorist buy himself a Porsche	He was going through a midlife ISIS :(
Why should we make Gabe Newell president	There won't be any World War 3. \#gaben2k16
Why does an elephant have four feet	Because six inches isn't going to satisfy a female elephant.
Why'd the kid drop his ice cream cone	Because he got hit by the bus.
Why should trees never sign birthday cards	Because they're always so *Sappy*!
Why do Physicists make terrible parents	They think their children are small enough to neglect! Adapted from a Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal, I forget which one.
Why are farmers cruel	They pull corn by the ears.
Why did the turtle cross the road	To get to the nearest Shell Station!
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children	Because he only comes once a year and it is always down the chimney.
Why did you hit your birthday cake with a  hammer	Because you said it was pound cake!
Why is C afraid of every other letter in the alphabet	Because they are not Cs.
Why did the man have to sell his hospice	It was a dying business.
Why couldn't the anthropologist find any Lomekwian tools	They were looking in Oldowan places
Why can a number divided by zero never be found in the dictionary	Because it's undefined.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	Because it had no Guts.
Why do the say ""Amen"" in church but not ""Awoman	*Because they sing hymns, not hers!*
Why did the Mexican try to wear his taco	He was dyslexic.
Why did the Limestone feel unappreciated	Because he thought people were taking him for granite.
Why is whacking a Donald Trump pinata a really *bad* idea	Because it's full of shit
Why do Canadians prefer their jokes in hexadecimal	Because 7 8 9 A.
Why do girls wear make up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because its life is a joke.
Why wrap a hampster in scotch tape	.. so it doesn't pop when you fuck it!
Why do they say ""break a leg !"" to actors	If you said ""tear an ACL !"" to a star athlete, you'd be shot on the spot.
Why did the farmer fence in the bull	The farmer had too much of a steak in him to let him go!
Why couldn't the poop get flushed down the drain	Because it was deterred.
Why is it so hard to find Thor's brother	Because he stays low key
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9
why did the chicken cross the road	I dont know...
Why wont a Jewish cannibal eat a German	Germans seem to give them bad gas...
Why does the new Polish Navy have glass bottomed boats	So they can see the old Polish Navy!
Why do nice guys make good lovers	They always finish last.
Why did the one handed man cross the road	To get to the second hand shop.
[Racist] Why did Beyonce say ""To the left, to the left"" in her music video	Because niggers don't have rights.
Why is it illegal for a man living in North Carolina to be buried in South Carolina	Because he's alive.
Why do monks wear such plain clothes	It's a habit.
Why can't cats survive on Mars, even with spacesuits	Because Curiosity will kill them.
Why is crack a ""Rock""	Because it's as hard to get off as Alcatraz.
Why do they call c-section the caesarian	Because when brutus stabbed caeser A baby fell out. Original shit *drops the mic
Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver	He always leaves you hanging
Why did Sherlock Holmes not want a second cup of tea in the emergency room	Because it was More ER Tea.
Why do heavy drinkers usually live longer than light drinkers	Because you thought this was going to be a fat joke, that's why
Q: Why would you take a hammer to bed	A: So you could hit the sack.
Why do ants not go to church	Because their in sects
Why do Buddhists always buy 1 ply toilet paper	Because they like to get in touch with their inner self.
Why was the Lego boxer unmatched in the ring	He was a master of blocking attacks.
Why did the picture go to jail	Because it was framed
Why did the acronym buff decide to go join the etymologists instead	He heard they had PIE.
Why do sumo-wrestlers shave their legs	So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
Why can't you tell when a Pteradactyl goes to the toilet	Because the P is silent.
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors	If it had 4 doors, it'd be a chicken sedan.
Why shouldn't you laugh when a black man falls off his bike	It could be ~~yours~~ your bike. EDIT: Spelling.
Why couldn't the witch get pregnant	Her husband had a holloween-ie.
Why didn't Hitler cross the road	Because he could nazi anything
Why can't T-Rexs clap their hands	Because they're all dead
Why didn't Tim have any friends while he was studying fishing	Because he would just go home and master bait.
Why aren't the Eagles worried about big cats sneaking up on them	They know there ain't no way to hide those lion eyes.
Why did the man smear peanut butter on the road	To go with the traffic jam.
Why was the woman sent to jail for 12 months, while the man got a year	Because there needs to be a period at the end of each sentence.
Why did the dog wear white sneakers	Because his boots were at the menders !
Why do police officers keep water in the automobile trunk	Because they don't want the siren to die.
Why does America not have knock knock jokes	Because freedom rings.
Why did Lady Gaga wear seashells to the VMAs	Because B-shells were too small.
Why do good farmers only excel when they are actually farming	(X-post from /r/jokes) Because they are out standing in their field.
Why aren't jokes in base eight funny	Because 7, 10, 11!
Why did Ellen Pao punch the puppy	Cause shes terrible.
Why did Ally refuse to do her homework, when all she had left was to square the x and y axis	Cause Allies don't like axis powers
Why do we eat	Because we are hungry
Why can't astronauts listen to music	The beat can't drop in outer space.
Why was the Ethiopian baby crying	It was having a mid-life crisis.
Why is China a communist country	Because nobody wants to hold an erection.
Why do cowboys have foreskin	So they have a place to put there chewing tobacco when brushing their teeth
Why do older polygons make sure their sides all stay an equal length	It keeps you regular.
Why was the headmaster worried	Because there were too many rulers in school!
Why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo	for meatier showers.
Why do waiters like Gorillas better than flies	Did you ever hear a customer complain 'Waiter there's a Gorilla in my soup!'
Why do software developers make the best relationship partners	because they're not afraid of committing.
why do dolphin jokes always make you laugh	that's the porpoise. (came up with this at work...i love a good pun)
Why did the brownie get kicked off the baseball team	Because she was a girl.
Why do scuba-divers go in backwards	Because if they went forward they'd fall in the boat.
Why are ISIS fighters afraid to join the TEA Party	They're afraid they'll be audited by the IRS.
Why was the big hairy two-headed monster top of the class at school	Because two heads are better than one.
Why doesn't a dog ever have a nose 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot.
Why did the chicken coop have two doors	'cause if it had four doors it'd be a chicken sedan
Why did Santa flick a booger on Beyonce	bc shes a cunt
Why did the mermaid cover her breasts with seashells	She outgrew her B shells.
Why don't gay jokes ever get old	Because they get AIDS and die.
Why can't Ray Charles drive	He's dead.
Why did they fire the contract lawyer with lazy eye	He was always dotting his T's and crossing his I's. (I made up this joke myself)
Why was Eric Clapton arrested	He was fingering A minor.
Why do midgets not wear tampons	They might trip on the string.
Why didn't John Travolta go to church on Sunday	He had a Saturday Night Fever
Why does a dog lick his balls	Because he can't curve his paw into a little fist
Why don't they have a concert on the moon	No atmosphere
why couldnt the teddy bear eat any more thanksgiving dinner	he was already stuffed!
Why did the chicken cross the road	It wanted to get to Hungary.
Why did the packaged green onion get into trouble	Because it was a wrapped scallion.
Why is Europe like a frying pan	? They both have Greece at the bottom!!
Why did the Russians send a dog to space to die	Because they didn't Lajka.
Why did the barracuda want to hire the clown fish's anemone	Because the barracuda believed that ""anemone of my enemy is a friend.
Why doesn't a sociologist look out the window in the morning	Because then they'd have nothing to do in the afternoon.
Why do all The Hunger Games fans can't even	The odds are ever in their favours.
Why'd the semen cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning
Why is the algorithms lecturer so fat	Because he always minimises the running time.
Why was 9 mad at 0 after winning a game of bingo	Because 0 1 2
Why was the Windows PC broke	It ran out of cache.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle.
Why are lesbians bad cooks	because they always eat out...
Why was there so much chaos at the sperm bank	Because it was first cum first serve.
Why did the redneck Father walk his kid to school	They were in the same grade!!
Why are there so many Mike Tysons on my news feed today...	May the forth be with you
Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road	it got stuck in a crack
Why did the young soldier go off searching for a wounded prostitute	A cowboy told him there was a hoedown.
Why can't Chinese people have white babies	Two wongs don't make a white
Why does Hillary keep bumping into people at the White House	So she can be pardoned.
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in dirt and then cross the road again	Because he was a dirty double crosser!
Why did the sailboat start exercising	It wanted to get into ship-shape. HA!
Why is The Hulk going to get laid tonight	Because he is stronger than you.
Why was Nancy always on top when the Reagans made love	Ronald Reagan always fucked up.
Why are dogs always SENSITIVE	------------ Because they have tears in their eyes
Why did Sarah name her pet Fawn 99 Cents	Because it wasn't big enough to be a Buck.
Why was the cook late to Thanksgiving dinner	He lost track of thyme. Happy Thanksgiving.
Why did jillian fall of the swing	She had no arms! Why didnt jillian get back up? She had no legs! Knock knock! Whos there? Sure as hell not jillian :)
Why did the polynomial tree fall over	It didn't have any real roots
Why did the guitarist keep his condoms in his guitar case	He only needed them after he'd opened it.
Why is there no ""Lets settle this like women""	Because it lasts forever.
Why did the seal make a Tinder account	To find a Significant Otter.
Why should you wrap your hamster in duct tape	So it won't explode when you fuck it.
Why is sex like a game of Euchre	You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Why are mirror makers proud of what they do	Their work is a reflection of themselves.
Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq	Because they're all Targets.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Why do all the ladies love Jesus	(spreads out arms to fullest length) Because he was hung like this.
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted!
Why do carpets in white folk houses always need vacuuming	Crackers always leave crumbs.
Why did the elephant paint itself lots of different colors	So that it could hide in the crayon box. Courtesy of my 4 y/o niece.
Why is women's soccer so rare	It's quite hard to find enough women willing to wear the same outfit.
Why should you never play cards in the jungle	Because of all the cheetahs
why do gorillas have big nostrils	Big fingers!!!
Why does Peter Pan always fly	Because he Neverlands.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 didn't have a removable battery and blew up in everybody's pocket
Why did the python do national service	He was coiled up !
Why are there so many Chinese people	Because as soon as you fuck a Chinese girl, you're horny again half an hour later.
Why are so many people obese these days	Because burgers are$.99 and salads are $4.99
Why do Spanish tests take so long	Because of all the ese questions.
Why did the baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken.
Why did the baby cross the road	Because it was stapled to the chicken!
Why did Jesus Christ go to the doctor	His resurrection lasted more than four hours.
Why do Pandas have such a hard time mating in captivity	Because all of their broads are in Atlanta
Why did the professional poker player season his meat with marijuana	Because he wanted his steaks high.
Why are Italians so good at football	Because it involves changing sides halfway through.
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella	For Drizzle
Why can't you take a pig out on a date	Because she will squeal on you.
Why did Princess Leia spit and not swallow	Because it was Chewy
Why is a giraffes neck so long	Because its head it so far away from its body
Why didn't the dog speak to his foot	Because it's not polite to talk back to your paw !
Why did the superhero flush the toilet	It was his duty!!!! told to me by my 7yo son
Why did frosty the snowman pull down his pants	He heard the snowblower was coming by.
Why does time go by so fast in Italy	Because every time you turn around you see a dago by.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children	Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel..
Why did God create men	Because vibrators can't mow the lawn.
Why did the fallen child cross the road	Believing that one day, the chicken will cross the road, it fills you with determination.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Why'd the short man take the elevator up	He was feeling down
Q: Why did the kid dump a bucket of water off the school roof	A: He wanted to make a big splash in front of his class.
Why do we measure snakes in inches	Because they don't have any feet!
Why did the tomato turned red	Because it saw the salad dressing
Why does Islam get angry if you criticize their religion	Im not sure they always seem to blow things up out of proportion.
Why did the pie go to the dentist	It needed a filling.
Why was the road in so much pain	Because it has a carpool tunnel.
Why did the man hit the fortune teller when she started laughing	He was striking a happy medium.
Why shouldn't you drink Diet Coke after having sex	Because then you'll have TWO aftertastes to get rid of!
Why don't black people go on cruises	They're not falling for that one again
Q: Why can't you keep secrets in a bank	A: Because of all the tellers.
Why are baby cows considered lunch meat	Because calves are below-knee
Why does the sun never set on the British Empire	Because God wouldn't trust an Englishman in the dark!
Why are pizza makers always poor	Because they knead dough to make a living.
Why were some people not allowed in to the Poet College	Because they were bard.
Why are there so few Mexican athletes in the Olympics	Because most of them who can run, jump or swim are already in the United States.
Why did the cannibal leave the restaurant	Because he got cold feet.
why did the lobster refuse to help anyone else	because he's shellfish
Why do the Lannisters have such a big bed	They pushed two twins together and made a king.
Why can't you tell a joke in a cornfield	Because the stalks are all ears.
Why do tigers have stripes	They don't want to be spotted.
Why didn't the rock make it to work today	He was stoned
Why is Florida not an island	? Because Georgia sucks...
Why do bears poop in the woods	So nobody will see their bare (bear) bottom!
Why didn't the shepard cut off his sheep's wool	Shear laziness.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose!
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	He got freaked out when he received the gas bill.
Why do SJWs hate cannibals	They're always man-spreading on their sandwiches.
Why do we live in a society where pizza arrives faster than police do	Because the pizza guy has consequences for not doing his job correctly. ""Oh damn, shots fired!"" But not by the pizza guy.
Why does Cuba not have any casinos	They Havana no money to spend.
Why did the chickens cross the road	I had to get back to my car from KFC
why did the toilet paper roll down the hill	to get to the bottom!
Why is Time a whore	Because she fucks everybody.
why cant you hear a pterodactyl go pee	Dinosaurs are extinct
Why did the painter from Boston have trouble making friends	He was way too autistic for his own good.
Why do scientists look for things twice	Because they re-search everything.
Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space	He wanted to find Pluto !
Why are Japanese people so good at judo	You can't ippon a Nippon.
Why did Silly Sue throw her guitar away	Because it had a hole in the middle.
Why is flour retarded	Because it's in-bread.
Why is Santa Clause always so Jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why doesn't Sean Connery have any grown up children	He prefers them shaken, not stirred.
Why can't a Pirate make it through their ABC's	They always get lost at C.
Why is the north pole of a magnet red	Because they don't have seals on the south pole Takes a while to get, but it's worth it in the end.
Why does Jesus perform miracles on quadriplegics	He can't fuckin stand 'em.
Why don't Muslims fill out online forms	Because they refuse to Submit to anyone but Allah.
Why couldn't the joke walk	It was lame. (I think this is an original by me)
Why is a miscarriage like a shitty pizza	They're both cold upon delivery.
Why do chat fail always look fake	Because they are
Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups	Because they can't even
Why is a lobster similar to a Asian under a steamroller	They are both crushed-asians
Why was the dolphin keeper depressed	Because he had no porpoise.
Why are Ice Cream Truck music so loud	NSFW To muffle the sound of the captive kids that are held captive
Why don't blind people like to go skydiving	Because it scares the shit out of the dog.
Why is the new OS from Microsoft called Windows 10	Because 7 ate 9.
Why Was Vista Afraid of Seven	Cause seven eight ten.
Why did Robin Hood steal from the rich	Because the poor didn't have any !
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road	It got stuck in a crack.
Q: Why didn't the little girl want to leave nursery school	A: She wanted to be a nurse.
Why can't an orphan play baseball	Because he can't run home
Why do we use black pens on white paper	So hangman is more realistic.
Why are children never the main characters in horror movies	Instead of gawking at the killer waiting to see what will they do with the bloody axe, kids will do the smart thing: Run.
Why did the Hipster order piping hot soup	He wanted to eat it before it was cool.
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because B shells are too small and D shells are too big.
Why did Helen Keller fail her road test	Because she was a woman
Why did they spray rose water cologne on Scott Weiland at the funeral home	So he smelled great while dead &amp; bloated.
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle	Because the parrots eat em' all.
Why did the gingers shoe break	Because it had no sole.
Why did the dolphin commit suicide	Because its life had no porpoise!
Why are wedding dresses white	It's the most popular colour of home appliances, washing machines, dishwashers,........
Why did the frog cross the road	He was stapled to the chicken
Why do blonde girls have bruises on their belly buttons	Because blonde guys are stupid too!
Why did the dog go to the vets	He was pawly. I'm sorry. I'll see myself out.
Why did the chicken fall into the well	He couldn't see that well.
Q: Why shouldn't violists take up mountaineering	A: Because if they get lost it takes ages before anyone notices that they're missing.
Why do Asians squint with their eyes	Because bombs are bright.
Why don't orphans like baseball	Because they don't know were home is XD
Why did the PI detective cross the road	He needed to keep up with Jenny's U-turns.
Why can't , melons get married	Because they cantaloupe.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because there's something odd about him
Why ""Trojan"" condoms	Didn't the Trojan horse burst open & thousands of little guys poured out? Less than stellar marketing.
Why did the girl give Jesus a blowjob	She wanted to see the messiah cum
Why does Britain like tea so much	Because tea leaves.
Why are so many computer scientists atheists	Because praying for a bug fix is guaranteed to fail.
Why did the anvil hit the blacksmith instead	Because it was irony.
Why do you take toilet paper to the twilight zone	DODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODO
Why do cats love small spaces	'cause pussies gotta be tight
Why do jews watch porn backwards	so they can come when the prostitute hands the money to the guy
Why wasn't the man considered attractive	The laws of gravity didn't apply to him.
Q: Why did the old lady put wheels on her  rocking chair	A: She wanted to rock and roll
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	To avoid being confused with feminists.
Why doesn't Hitler like Jewish wivern's	Because they're a dragon the state
Why do they call me seven days	Because I'm weak.
Why are aroused campers so extreme	I don't know, but they end up fucking in-tents (intense). Yes, it's a pun, but what else do you expect from me first thing in the morning.
Why didn't Napoleon get his wish	Because he couldn't pull the wish Bonaparte.
Why can't blondes make Kool Aid	Because they can't figure out how to get eight cups of water into that  tiny little package.
Why does the Pope always win at chess	He has so many Bishops!
Why was the skeleton missing a funny bone	Because this joke ain't funny
Why is air a lot like sex	Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any
Why did the chicken cross the ocean	To get to the other tide.
Why do so many black people believe in God	Its the only father they will ever know.
Q: Why did the wrestlers have to fight in the dark	A: Their match wouldn't light.
Why did the Dictator ban Soda	Because there couldn't be 2-liters.
Why is being in the military like a blow-job	The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
Why couldn't the blind man go skydiving	It would of scared the shit out of the dog.
Why was a happy couple weary to kiss at the gas station	They were scared of sparks flying.
Why did little Dan dropped his ice cream	He was hit by a buss
Why doesn't Kim Jong Un ever defecate	Because he's too legit to shit.
Why did Obi Wan not kill Anakin when he had the chance	Because Anakin was ... unarmed.
Why do blondes wear panties	To keep their ankles warm.
Why do people nickname Cersei's kids after sandwich meats	Because they're both in bread
Why can't black people be virgins	Because they're born fucked.
Why don't big trains have little trains	They pull out on time.
Why did the integer stop multiplying with other integers of equal value	He was Squared Straight.
Why were you late	Sorry teacher I overslept. You mean you need to sleep at home too !
Why did the nazi work in the animal hospital after the war	He was a veteran Aryan.
Why is the pH of a white girl either 9, 11 or 13	1. She's basic. 2. She literally can't even.
Why did the gamer refuse to join the Boy Scouts	He hates camping
Why is an engaged girl like a telephone	Because they both have rings.
Why did the clown refuse to juggle	He didn't have the balls to do it.
Why dont guys like working in the rain	Because only pussys get wet.
Why is the beach wet	Cause the seaweed
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year, and it's always down the chimney.
Why couldn't Tommy ride a bicycle	Because he was a gold fish.
Why do cannibals make suitcases out of peoples heads	Because they're headcases !
Why did the blind lady fall into a well	She didn't see that well.
Why did the phosphorus atom go to the fortune teller	To find out his phos-fate!
Why was the menopausal hooker so noisy in the sack	Whore moans
Why is it called the 3/5 compromise	Because it is only 2/5 solution.
Why did the kid get in trouble for wearing a bed sheet ghost costume	He wore a pointy hat underneath.
Q: Why did the sheriff arrest the tree	A: Because its leaves rustled.
Why did the turkey cross the road	To prove he wasn't chicken.
Why do all the elements get cranky once a month	Cause they are on their periodic table.
Why does LeVar Burton not like to travel by airplane	He usually flies twice as high.
Why did the Mexican civil war last so long	Because they were fighting Juan on Juan.
Why doesn't Kermit the Frog like elephants	They always want to play leap frog with him
Why is it NASA has never sent a woman to the moon	It don't need cleaning!
Why did Erdogan stop a man from jumping off a bridge	One does not simply fly in Turkish airspace without Erdogan's permission.
Why couldn't anyone help the tortilla	He didn't want to taco 'bout it
Why are teenage girls so odd	Because they can't even
why was Elsa afraid of Sven	because Sven eight nine! hahahahahahahahaha...
Why do white people shop from black people's yard sales	To get their stuff back.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating	Penis envy.
Why did the Scottish cannibal live on a sugar plantation	He said ''So that I can feed my lads with m'lasses!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because YOLO
Why do many kids die in school massacres	Because they can't run in halls
Why are there so many Redditor archeologists	Because /r/jokes loves digging up the past.
Why did God create men	Because dildos can't take out the trash.
Why Russians never drive stick shift	They really hate Stalin
Why is the Democratic electoral landscape like a Moebius strip	Cause no matter what you do, there always seems to be a Clinton claiming to be ""on your side"" . . .
Why aren't pigs invited to black tie events	Haven't you ever seen pig's tie? It's filthy!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom	The ""p"" is silent.
Why are white girls so odd	Because they ""can't even!
Why didn't the man buy Velcro shoes	....because they were a rip off
Why are there no good jokes about men	Because they were written by women.
Why can't a vegetable win an argument	Cuz he always uses a straw, man!
Q: Why did the boy close his eyes before opening the refrigerator	A: He didn't want to see the salad dressing.
Why they never refuel in Fast and Furious	Vin Diesel
Why didn't Russia return the NSA whistleblower to the United States	He was Snowden.
Why did America remove the ""u"" from ""colour""	Because fuck u that's why
Why do you never see any Stormtroopers as photographers	They always miss the shot
Why do you have to wait so long for a  ghost train to come along	They only run a skeleton service.
Why are boxers never late to their fights	Because they have developed very good punch quality.
Why do Italian men grow moustaches	So they can look like their mothers.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can	Because his wife is dead.
Why did the toy company stop donating toys to kids in Africa	Because it's pretty depressing to have a Tamagotchi that'll out-live you.
Why do we all marry	- because romance is not the only element of life, we should also know horror, terror, suspense, irony, stupidity and tragedy of life!
why are dubstep artists so bad at fishing	They always drop the bass
Why are people so impressed with voice control	Women have been around for 100,000 years
Why did Harry Potter's friends pick him up and pass him around on his birthday	They were playing pass the Parseltongue.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	Because he didn't have any guts
Why are the Greeks so in debt	They demand credit for everything
why are computers so smart	because they listen to their mother board.
Why did the bank robber take a bath	So he could make a clean getaway.
Why do shower heads have 11 holes	Cause Jews only have ten fingers.
Why did the blonde have an Abortion	She wasn't convinced the baby was hers.
Why did Sally the Sloth sleep in all day	Because her crippling depression leaves her unable to function properly.
Why does nobody like to sit next to Elsa	Coz...she ""let's it go!
Why is Jesus gay	Ahhh men
Why am I ambivalent about a swimming pool	It just deepends.
Why did the otter cross the road	To get to the OTTER side!
Why are they called The Fine Bros	Because they try to get everyone fined for copyright.
Why is it so hard for men to get on Christian Mingle	Only women get a ""SUBMIT"" button.
Why did the train go left	Cause it couldn't get on the right track. I made that joke when I was little and remembered it today, might as well post it.
Why did the dog sleep on the chandelier	Because he was a light sleeper.
Why did the boy put candles on the toilet	He wanted to have a birthday potty!
Why did H blow itself up	Because G had.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack	Because he only comes once a year. (   )
Why should you never invite a boxer to a party	He always throws the punch.
Why do so few men end up in Heaven	They never stop to ask directions.
Why is a baby so hard to blend	Because one hand is used to masturbate and the other hand is used to hold the video camera.
Why did the NSA spy on Germany	Because after meeting with Merkel, they heard Obama say ""I'd tap that"".
Q: Why did the sheep jump into the lake	A: He wanted to take a ba-a-a-th.
Why did Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia never get together	Because Luke was looking for love in Alderaan places!!
Why does Shakira have such a hard time sleeping at night	Because her hips won't lie.
Why do Ethiopian girls give the best head	They always swallow.
Why can't Elvis Presley drive	'Cause he's dead.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the P is silent
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants	Because its pecker is on its head. (Get the reference?)
Why can't the insecure fish sing well	He's never comfortable in his own scales.
Why does the Coast Guard have a 6 foot height requirement	So when their ship sinks they can walk back to shore.
Why did they stop the leper hockey game	There was a face off in the corner.
Why Batman never joke into comedy	One rule: NO KILLING
Why can't the bicycle stand on its own	Because its two tyred
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
Why was Santa in the asylum	He lost his SANTAty
Why Are Mexican &amp; Black Jokes Overdone	Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal!...I'm sorry, you can hate me if you wish. ;(
Why did the Chemist give up a singing career	He could not hit any of the ketones.
Why is your wife annoying	Because she is always jalapeno business.
Why was the scarecrow given an award	Cause he was out standing in his field
Why couldn't Mike Tyson go to the laundromat	Because it was clothed.
Why did the chicken run into a well	Because it didn't see that well.
Why don't you hire a violinist as your babysitter	Because he might fiddle with your kids.
Why did the Hippy Drown	he was tooooo faaaaaaar oouuuuutttt maaaaaannnn
Why do all black people have nightmares	Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
Why is Santa's sack so big	.... he only comes once a year.
Why did God create gay men	So fat girls could dance.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its on	Because its two tired
Why didn't Napoleon qualify for the urgent marrow transplant	They couldn't get his bonepart
Why did Moses part his hair	To make a path for the Israelice.
Why did Angela Merkel ban use of crabgrass lawn treatments	She was told they would stop the ""German nation
Why was Santa's little helper  depressed	Because he had low elf esteem.
Why do they carry Marines around on Naval ships	Because sheep would be too obvious.
Why did the metal worker at the recycling plant quit	His job was soda-pressing
Why does Missouri share borders with the most amount of States	Because Missouri loves company
Why couldn't the blind black man play hockey	Because he was black.
Why did I break up with my spare change	It was too clingy
Why do Gnomes always laugh when the run	Because the grass tickles their balls!
Why are mountains so funny	Because they're hill areas....sorry I had to share this cheesy joke I just overheard my coworker tell.
Why did the cowboy get a wiener dog	Cause he wanted to get along little doggie.
Why do old men need Viagra	Because they are screwing old women!
Why didn't the little girl want to leave nursery school	She wanted to be a nurse.
Why did the chicken cross the playground	To get to the other slide
Why Make Your Bed	MOM: Make your bed! KID: Why make my bed if I'm gonna sleep in it again tonight? MOM: Why wipe your ass if your gonna poop again? KID: O_O
Why did the yankee wolf like southern ladies	By the time they said ""I'm not that kind of girl"" they were.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was arrested for manslaughter.
Why are Rhinoceroses so wrinkly	Because they're hard to iron.
Why are Skeleton's so calm	Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why would anyone want to study the Earth and how it rotates	I guess that some people just want to see the world turn
Why can't you see Hippos hiding in trees	Because they're good at it.
Why did Vietnam revolt against the French	Because they knew they would Nguyen.
Why don't the Cubans have Olympic swimmers	Because they make it here.
Why are redneck murders so hard to solve	Because all the DNA matches and there's no dental records.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because I put on the wrong socks this morning.
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;M's	They fall through his hands.
Why are proteins so cranky	Because they're made of a mean ol' acids.
Q: Why must judges learn to spell well	A: They must follow the letter of the law.
Why was the Easter Egg so happy	He just got laid by some chick!
Why did the hipster drown	Because he went ice-skating before it was cool (   )
Why did the chicken cross the road	Why do you care? Shouldn't he be able to cross the road without having his motive questioned? Now let me just... exit through that conveniently placed door..
Why doesn't Mexico ever do well in the Olympics	Because every mexican that can run, jump, or swim is already in America.
Why did the alarm go off at the mansion	Because the owner entered the correct code.
Why did the blind man become Hitler	Because he could **Nazi.** *(disclaimer may have to read aloud for joke to occur, if laughing occurs for more than 4 seconds please contact your doctor)*
why should you never buy a Asian graphics card	bad drivers.
Why did the one eyed banker lose his job	He didn't have any debtperception.
Why did the woman take a load of hay to bed	To feed her nightmare.
Why was the father centipede annoyed	Because all of his children needed new shoes.
Why did the mushroom get invited to a party	because he was a fungi
Why was the lumberjack executed	He committed treeson.
Why should you work for a vegetable factory	Because they offer a good celery.
Why were all the ships sinking	Because the japanese just learned to fly and were looking for a fun target
Why do we have to listen to a 45 second instructional to leave someone a voice mail	Beep, talk. We get it, condescending cell companies.
Why do Communists only write in lowercase	Because they hate Capitalism.
Why couldn't Pinocchio get a date on craigslist	because everyone wanted ""no strings attatched
Why is the sea salty	Because the land does not wave back.
Why was the plumber stressed	He had a high pressure job
Why is Santa so Jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why did the cat join the Red Cross	It wanted to be a first aid kit.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to your place! Knock knock Who's there? Bak bak My chemistry prof said that one today
Why did six take seven with her to social events	Seven was her ""plus 1
Why has Hillary Clinton ask Santa for a 23 letter alphabet	Because she's sick of F.B.I
Why is the gay rights movement succeeding	The message is loud and queer.
Why did the skinhead have Velcro on his boots	He was a lacist.
Why are sinks depressed	People look down on them.
Why isn't NSA mass surveillance a hot topic in the US elections	Because it's the only part of the govt that listens to the American people.
Why don't eggs like comedians	Cause they always crack them up
Why did Lebron leave Miami	Because he just couldn't stand the heat
Why does no-one use the rhinos ATM	Because he charges!
Why did the chicken cross the road	BECAUSE 7 8 9 HAAHAHA Wait...
Why cant you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the P is silent
Why is NTFS healthy	Because it's FAT free.
Q: Why did it take the blonde a whole week to wash three basement windows	A: It took her six days just to dig the holes to put the ladder in.
Why is it so hard to contact comedians	Because their marketing is a joke.
Why are men great cooks....	because with 1 sausage, a pair of nuts and some milk it can fill up a woman for nine months.
Why are redditors bad stand-up comedians	Because they'll just tell the crowd that the real joke's in the comments.
Why do they call ""roach-clips"", ""roach-clips""	?? because potholder was already taken. I know it's like a venn diagram of drug jokes and dad jokes.
Why does Santa give better presents to rich kids	Because poor kids have behavioural problems! \*rimshot\*
Why did the Baker have smelly hands	Because he kneaded a poo
Why suicidal people are usually skinny	because most likely, they haven't eaten in years.
Why do people keep a picture of their wife and kids in their wallet	To remind them why there's no money in it
Q: Why is Bill infuriated with Chelsea's new private school	A: They broke family tradition by making her wear a uniform.
Why did the spider cross the road	To get to his website!
Why did the thumbs-up become the universal symbol for approval	hey let me show u my weirdest finger because i'm down with what ur saying
Why didn't Anne Frank finish her diary	She needed more concentration.
Why is Ireland the richest country in the world	Because the capital is always Dublin.
Why is toilet paper no good for wrapping presents	Cos it's tear-able.
Why did 10 die	10 was in the middle of 9/11
Why should all teenagers get a case for their cell phones	Because they should use protection to practice safe text
Why are there no Walmarts in Iran	Because there's a JC Penny at every corner.
Why did Steve hate being the youngest clone	Because all his genes were hand me downs.
Why did the cactus cross the road	It got stuck to the chicken.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	He got his gas bill
Why are girls like rocks	You skip the flat ones.
Why do women like men with moustaches	Because they immediately see something about you they can change.
Why don't they have a Phone Directory in China	Because there are so many ""Wings"" and ""Wongs"" they'd still wing the wong number.
Why do Native Americans hate snow	It's white and on their land.
Why are Women like buses	You wait all day for one then find out 48 other people in the local area have been riding on her.
Why couldn't the band director pick a piece in 4/4 time	It's too common
Why I will never go bungee jumping	.. I was brought into this world through a broken rubber and I'm not about to be taken out by one.
Why does the bride always wear white	Because it is good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.
Why do bulimics make such good food	Cus they have to taste it twice!
Why is studying statistics hard to do in Afghanistan	because of the tally-ban
Why do women close their eyes during sex	They hate to see men have a good time.
Why are strip clubs now banned in South Carolina	Because they can't handle anyone else making it rain
Why do they say that eating yogurt and oysters will improve your sex life	Because if you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.
why did the scarecrow get a promotion	he was outstanding in his field
Why was the calendar depressed	His days were numbered.
Why do SJW's hate Programmers	They objectify everything.
Why don't people get married in North Korea	Well, all marriages are legal in North Korea, but no one has them because there's no rice to throw.
Why was Hitler sent to the grocery store	He killed the juice.
Why was the Ethiopian baby crying	He was having a mid-life crisis
Why do black people wear flares	because their knee grows
Why couldn't the skeleton add 1 + 1	Because he doesn't have a brain
Why did the octopus blush	He'd just seen the bottom of the ocean!!!!
Why was the professional so impressed with the farmer	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why do Sumo Wrestlers shave their legs	So you don't confuse them with a feminist. [Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/MeanJokes/comments/2hezp9/why_do_sumo_wrestlers_shave_their_legs/)
Why did the kiddie pool have no friends	Because it was too shallow.
Why was the Instagram star so bad at making coffee	Because she used #nofilter
Why are men are like public toilets	The good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit.
Why are Mumford &amp; Sons the only agnostic rock band	Because they don't even know if they believe.
Why did the cannibal eat the tightrope walker	He wanted a balanced meal.
Why Did Hitler commit suicide	Because his gas bill was too high...
Why would OP make a terrible pizza chain	Because they don't deliver.
Why don't kleptomaniacs have a sense of humor	Because they take everything, literally....
Why do girls never travel in odd numbers	Because they can't even.
why did the golfer wear two pants	in case he got a hole in one
Why did Han go out Black Friday shopping.	... because the prices were Solo
Why should you never trust a one armed philosophy professor	He never mentions ""on the other hand
Why do terrorists have high sex drives	Because their sperms are always ready and eager for suicide missions.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a licensed six offender.
Why do Firemen have bigger balls than Policemen	Because they sell more tickets.
Why don't the Beastie Boys juggle vegetables anymore	Because they kept making the beets... MMMMMM DROPPPPP
Why are there no fertility clinics in Arkansas	Sooner or later they find a potent cousin.
Why is it ""canceled"" in America, but ""cancelled"" in England	Because we gave them that L in 1776.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable	..like a coma.
Why do so many Latinos drive Hondas	Because they're reliable, quality made cars.
Why did the director get kicked out of the bar	He was making a scene!
Why's it taking so long to legalise gay marriage in the whole of the US	I mean, America had four fathers and it turned out alright
Why didn't we learn about essential oils in school	I mean, that shit is ESSENTIAL. Should've been the first lesson!
Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall	To make up for a bad summer.
Why did Yoda never get married	Because when he was standing by alter, and asked ""If he would take this women as his lawful wedded wife?"" His response was ""Do I?
Why did the woman miss the spaghetti train	Because it went straight pasta.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 had a six-shooter
Why doesn't the guy with OCD ever get laid	Because when he turns his girlfriend on he has to turn her off again three times.
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why was the lion alone and disheartened	He lost his pride in a bet
Why did the shark swim in circles	He had a nosebleed.
Why is the number '9' like a peacock	It's nothing without its tail.
Why don't ghosts have kids	Because they have Hollow-Weinies
Why did little Johnny lose his ice cream	He got his by a bus. My little brother just told me this!
Why was the Berlin Wall torn down	It didn't match with the Iron Curtains.
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them	In loving memory of all the faces that were buried in them.
Why did Al Gore get a nipple ring	Cuz he heard Bush got a Dick Cheney.
Why do fencers make terrible Redditors	They always riposte.
Why does Beyonce sing ""to the left, to the left""	Because women have no rights. *Sorry of this is rude/offensive and if its a repost, I just wanted to share.*
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down the chimney.
Why did Frodo set his cell phone to vibrate	He was afraid the ring would give him away.
Why do Santa and Mrs. Claus not have any children	...because Santa comes but once a year
why did the hipster burn his lips	he drank coffee before it was cool
Why was the monster standing on his head	He was turning things over in his mind.
Why don't girls go to.... Why don't girls go to the bathroom after having sex	Have you ever tried opening a grilled cheese sandwich?!
Why didn't the magician shave	He made it disabeard..
Why did the burgler take a bath	He wanted to have a 'clean getaway'.
Q: Why didn't Count Dracula get married	A: He wanted to remain a bat-chelor.
Why do Jews love sandwiches	Because they're not made in ovens.
Why doesn't Japan have elections	I dunno but it's probably the reason for their low birth rates.
Why did the peanut go to jail	He was a-roasted peanut.
Why did the Computer Engineer retire young	He had a lot of cache.
Why did the 3 men go in to the bar	.. To get drunk
Why does the speech impaired baker say he got fired	He took one too many whisks.
Why don't vultures eat at restaurants	They don't allow carrion.
Why did the pig have ink all over his face	Because it came out of the pen.
Why didn't the Terminator upgrade to Windows 10	I asked him and he said, ""I still love Vista baby"".
Why did the French chef kill himself	He lost the huile d'olive
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year
Why was math so easy in ancient Rome	x always equals 10
Why has the pope never won a gold medal	Because he always came in a little behind.
Why are you prodding me with that ruler	Im measuring your patience
Why are pharmaceutical chemists considered such studs	They're able to make a fun-gal cream.
Why do computer teachers never get  sick	Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Why did Hitler really commit suicide	He got the gas bill
why should you never pick a fight with an Israeli baker	Because they know Jew dough
Why did Princess Diana cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Why is it a bad idea to date a girl from the leper colony	Whenever they get upset, they cry their eyes out.
Why did the apple cross the road	To get to the other cider.
Why did seedless grape cry	Unable to produce child.
Why do people walk by and say ""Hi, how are you	but they don't stop long enough for you to reply!
Why is the hipster sweating	Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.
Why is air like sex	Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Why shoudn't you take you Pokemon cards to the shower	Cuz Pikachu might Pik a Chu
Why you shouldn't have sexual intercourse with a citrus fruit	... You may contract lemonaids.
Why are there windows on the back of French tanks	So they can watch the battle
Why did the girl fall off the swing	She had no arms
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven raped Snow White.
Why was the lightbulb invented	Somebody had an idea.
Why was the fisherman wealthy and prosperous	Because he was a master-baiter.
Why don't you undress in front of Pokemon	Because they might Pikachu!
Why did the cannibal get food poisoning in India	He ate Rameet!
Why is it difficult to pan for gold in Somalia	Because pyrites arrrrrr everywhere
Why is Patrick so dumb	He's living under a rock.
Why do cow wear bells	Because their horn doesn't work!
Why did the mangaka fire her assistant	She didn't like his tone.
Why are carpenter ants the sexiest ants	Because they eat your wood.
Q: Why did the comedian do time	A: Is it cause his jokes killed? (Nope, one in ten dead)
Why was the gay man ambitious	Because all he wanted to do was *SUCCEED*.
Why yes, person on the Internet, I would love to make $596 per day sitting at home	Let's do this!!!
Why can't a blonde dial 911	She can't find the eleven
Why does Donald Trump want classical music at his inauguration	He wants to grab them by Debussy.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 6 is dating 7's ex, and 7 has a history of violence and has been leaving 6 increasingly threatening messages. There is no joke here, 6 is in serious danger.
Why are Americans so good at shooting	They have the best schools for it.
Why did the tree eat the other tree	It was coniferous.* *sorry
Why do black people have nightmares	The cops killed the ones that had a dream
Why do Mexicans cross the border alone	Because there can only be Juan.
Why aren't there any republicans in Star-Trek	Because it's the future.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why did the chicken crossed the road	To piss off drivers
Why didn't the Buddhist monk vacuum under his couch	He had no attachments.
Why didn't the black kid play Pokemon	He was afraid they were trying to catch Jamal.
Why was the Moon in a bad mood	It was just going through one of its phases.
Why do scientists call Helium , Barium and Curium the medical elements	Because if you can't Helium or Curium , You'd Barium!
Why Can't Charlie Sheen Finish the Alphabet	Because when he gets to 'P' it burns.
Why can't Admiral Ackbar fly to Hawaii	Aloha Ackbar"" doesn't go over well at the airport
Why was the criminal's argumentative essay so good	He had some outstanding warrants.
Why is Oedipus against swearing	He kisses his mother with that mouth!
Why are men like blenders	You need one but you're not quite sure why.
Why parents don't allow their children to listen to M. Jackson songs	because they are very touching
Why is Chelsea Clinton growing up a  confused child	Because dad can't keep his pants on and mom wants to wear them.
Why did the bear dissolve in water	It was a polar bear
Why was Farmer Bob so good at his job	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why should you never wear Ukrainian underwear	Because Chernobyl fall off.
Why is it so expensive to divorce a woman here in California	Because it's worth it.
Why did Robert Oppenheimer's wife go to the beach naked	There was no bikini atoll
Why don't rabbits make any noise when they have sex	Because they have cotton balls
Why are beans named after Jews in Spanish.	Because they are healthy and good for you.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because it was out standing in its field.
Why did Mubarak and Gaddafi get dehydrated	They didn't want water from the Arab Spring.
Why are pirates so bad at telling jokes	Instead of 'knock knock', they say, 'Arrr you there?!'
Why was the cat afraid of the tree	Because of its bark.
Why didn't Mark Hamill go crazy while voice acting as the Joker	Because he overcame the dark side
Why are birthday's good for you	Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
Why did the brothel only employ ugly prostitutes	To increase *gross interest*!
Why did the astronomer hit himself on the head in the afternoon	He wanted to see stars during the day.
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away	I would too if my name was NUYHAIMONBARG
Why does a cucumber has a lot of seed	He has no hands.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat	Because if they fell forwards, they'd still be on the boat!
Why do only 9/10 dentists recommend Crest toothpaste	The last dentist is busy killing a lion
Why is a toothbrush a ""tooth"" brush	Cause it was invented in Alabama! [Inspiration came from the comments](http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN0GP1NS20140825?irpc=932)
Why did the feminist get raped	Cuz she 'asked' for it!
Why did your sister cut a hole in her new umbrella	Because she wanted to be able to tell when it stopped raining.
Why wouldn't the Kabuto share his Potion	He was a little shellfish.
Why did all the potato chips but one jump off the cliff	He was a Wise Potato Chip.
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant	Burger King didn't cover his whopper.
Why'd the scarecrow get promoted	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the party	I told her that drinks were on the house
Why did the molecular biologist want to make a porno film of gametes	Because sex cells.
Why did Jack get a restraining order	Beanstalking.
Why didn't the car have a tire	Because cars don't wear clothes.
Why did Hitler kill himself	The Jews gave him the gas bill.
Why did the owl 'owl	Because the woodpecker would peck 'er.
Why couldn't the two melons get married	They can't elope.
Why do all kids with down syndrome look like they came from the same father	And the shuttle to hell is boarding if anyone cares to join me....
Why do you keep saying flail	Because Fail isn't in my vocabulary. ------- Overheard on the train.
Why do you love your puppy more than you love your wife	Because the puppy only knows the tricks you taught her
Why is my ass good.	Because I poop out of it and pick up average household items with it
Why did Trump run in Us instead of Canada	Because He's worried that he would win with a minority government.
Why did the crowd watch the man futily attempt to blend oil and water for hours on end	It was unmiscible.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender. ^(Saw it on Reddit before, if someone can find source I'll link it.)
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water	. Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat
Why aren't cars made out of wood	Because they wooden go.
Why does Santa have 0 children	He only comes once a year and its a down a chimney.
Why do Kenyans always win marathons	At the end, they get a bag of chips and a Coke. -My dad told me this joke when we went to a race-
Why did Stephen get an A on his test	He held his teacher at gunpoint and forced her to give him a good grade despite the fact he got an F.
Why didn't Jesus start a charity	Cuz they're not for prophets.
Why did Bernie Sanders's chicken restaurant throw out so much food	He only sold left wings.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee	Cus he drank it before it was cool.
Why did the Islamic woman die when she fell into the ocean	She thought to yell for help, but her husband was nowhere around to grant her permission to do so.
Why didn't the fisherman go to Florida to fish for long jawed fish with rows of razor like teeth	He didn't have a Gar
Why did the Energizer Bunny need to lawyer up	He was charged with battery.
Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only comes once a year!
Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only comes once a year.
Why don't catholic priest believe in condoms	Because little boys can't get pregnant.
Why are dogs and engineers alike	They both have intelligent eyes, but neither can talk properly.
Why does everyone love Plato	Because he loved Dogs and he had two sons named Plato and Socrates
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a well known six offender
Why can't Hillary Clinton be called a female	Because she deleted the emale.
Why did the toilet paper stop crossing the road	It got stuck in a crack.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet	Because they can spend years at C!
Why do all black people go to heaven	The Son is attracted to black
Why was the bicycle lying on the side of the road	It was two tired.
Why did Blacula get kicked out of a Yale Halloween party	The party was for ""Wights only.
Why do black guys always have red eyes after sex	Mace.
Why are there no Irish attorneys	None of them can pass the Bar.
why are sex ed and drivers ed never on the same day in Iraq	the camel would get overworked
Why did Prince William lose his cool	He wasn't properly heir conditioned.
Why do people say clean as a whistle	Whistles aren't clean, they're full of spit
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel peace prize	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why are there so many piggy banks	Pigs don't like to hide their money in the mattress.
Why does Noddy have a bell on top of his hat	Because he's a dickhead.
Why did Ginger go to the psych ward	Ginger snaps
Why in the hell would I clean my bathtub	I put soap and water in there every day...
Why couldn't Bill Gates get any girls	His hardware was Microsoft
Why do they call camels the ships of the desert	Because they're full of Arab semen
why don't blind people skydive	Its scares the heck out of the dog.
Why did the chicken cross the road	It was going to... Al's Toybarn!
Why did Renault name a car ""Le Car""	So customers wouldn't accidentally drive Le Lawnmower to work.
Why did the army send so many women with PMS to the Persian Gulf	They fought like animals and retained water for 4 days.
Why did the Frenchman not want two eggs	Because one egg is un oeuf.
Why don't debutantes like group sex	Too many thank you notes to write
Why don't Brits like revolving doors	A: Because they can't hold it for the next person.
Why didn't the math teacher sin	Cosecant.
Why I don't trust women	... Never trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Why did the german die from his injuries	Because when his friend asked if there is a number to call incase of emergencies like this, he replied ""999"".
Why are refugees bad at math	They refuse to integrate.
Why did Hitler kill himself	He saw his gas bill.
Why do black people have white palms	(NSFW) Because everybody needs a little good in them. *Found in my Spanish text book in 6th grade... kids man
Why was the doctor in a hurry to move to the big city	He was running out of patients.
Why should you never bully a dyslexic dwarf	Because it's not big and it's not clever!
Why are Muslims so violent	Because I slam.
Why didn't the pirate chessplayer enjoy his crackers	Because they were stale, matey!
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells	Because B-shells are too small, and D-shells are too big.
Why do Jews have big noses	Because the air is free :)
Why did Sally fall off the swings	She didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's There) Not Sally
Why do mexicans dislike rust	Because it is feo
Why did the banana go out with the prune	Because it couldn't get a date.
Why did the USA bomb the kebab shop	Because there was a rumor they were harboring free radicals.
Why do whites call it reverse racism	because, only whites are racist.
Why are cpws made for dancing	They're all born hoofers!
Why won't the ocean let us drink its water	Because it's too salty.
Why was the fruit/vegetable hybrid upset	He was a melon-cauliflower.
Why was the mushroom a hit at parties	Because he was a *fungi*
Why do they call it the wonder bra	When you take it off you wonder where her tits went.
Why was the man at the cookout so happy	He met the grill of his dreams.
Why are there so many Female Archaeologists	Because women love digging up the past.
Why couldn't the hippie be saved from drowning	He was too far out man.
Why dont sharks ... Why don't sharks eat black people	They think it's whale shit
Why isn't suntanning an olympic sport	Because the best you can ever get is bronze.
Why did people hate going on road trips with Kurt Cobain	Because he always called shotgun
Why did the crowd riot at the Nickelback concert	Because they didn't get their nickel back.
Why Does Ariel wear seashells	Because she can't fit into D-shells
Why didn't the astronauts land on the moon	Because it was full. * (from a taffy taffy wrapper--oh my god what am I doing with my life)
Why was the man intently watching the bowl of snickers	He wanted to see who would have the last laugh. ^^back ^^to ^^work...
Why do Japanese people squint	Nuclear explosions are bright
Why does Marx's toilet play a sonata when flushed	Because of the violins inherent in the cistern.
Why German Loves Americans why do Germans love Americans	because Americans are the most hated people in the world now.
Why does Dr Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife is dead.
Why did the ram run off the cliff	...He didn't see the ewe turn! .&gt;_&lt;.
Why does a penis have a hole in the end	So men can be open minded
Why should you never take a shower with a pokemon	Because it may Pikachu.
Why does riding in an elevator make ghosts happy	It lifts spirits
Why was Harry Potter surprised when Ferrari won the F1 race	Because he expecto'd Petronas.
Why would Adrian Peterson be a great baseball player	Because he's a switch hitter
Why Don't Lobsters Share	Because they're shellfish.
Why does Donald Trump secretly not want to become president	He'd have to move in to a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why do stoners love English	Because it's lit
Why are Americans bad at chess	They lost two towers
Why did the dyslexic engineer fail college	Because he didn't understand psychics.
Why'd the ISIS fighter bring his son to the execution	Like all fathers, he wanted his son to get ahead.
Why didn't the string get anything for Christmas	Because he was knotty!
Why is a racehorse like a letter	They both begin a trip at the post!
Why did the Square divorce the Circle	It was sleeping around.
Why did Aquaman join the DC universe instead of Marvel	Because he was hydra-phobic.
Why do seals swim in salt water	Cause pepper makes them sneeze.
Why are the sheep in Africa coloured pink	The elephants are using them as tampons
Why do crows fly upside down over Reservations	Cause even they know that indians get enough free shit!
Why do rappers repeat their names in their songs	So they dont forget it.
Why is President Carter important to  Hamburger Land in April	One the opening day of the baseball season he throws out the first meatball!
Why did the redditor make the post	To KILL THE JOKE EXPLAIN BOT that kills every joke. If you don't get the joke that's your problem! We don't need a bot. Fuck you joke bot
Why was the man hanging out in the market all day	I don't know, but it was pretty bazaar
Why did the pirate update his Macbook	His matey told him he needed an iPatch
Why are hot pickle buns so popular in polish women's prisons	They're made out of dill dough.
Why can't you fight an accountant	They'll always out number you!
Why did Elton John have to go to hospital after the Queen concert	They found traces of Mercury in him.
Why did the boy jump up and down on the letter	He heard that you have to stamp letters or the post office won't send them.
Why can't you wear shorts in the Ukraine	Chernobyl fallout...
why did the chicken cross the road	because it was stuck to the farmers knob.
Why do they call a bird that lives by the sea, a seagul	Because if it lived by the bay, it would be called a Bagel.
Why doesn't God like pizza	Because he doesn't exist.
Why did the droids take so long to complete the Death Star	Because they had bad motivators... Star Wars fans will get this one...
Why do rednecks love fall	Because it's the only time of year they can pump kin.
Why won't a black man go see a 3d movie	He'd rather spend his money on a forty
Why did Woodrow Wilson take a long time to turn around	Because he could only make 14 point turns.
Why when geese fly in a V formation is one side longer than the other	Because it has more geese in it.
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To get the Chinese Newspaper. Do you get it? . . . . . . . Me neither, I get the New York Times
Why do women get so upset when they miscarry	They just can't come to terms with it
Why is Shakespeare bad at hunting	because he can't aim steadily
Why should you always rent, rather than buy, a multimeter that measures ohms	Because it's easier to follow the path of leased resistance.
Why can't Mexico field a good Olympic team	Because everyone that can run, jump or swim is already here in the US.
Why did God create the orgasm	So women can moan even when they are happy.
Why was the stoner kicked out of the eating competition	He was caught using performance enhancing drugs.
Why can't a Mac sing	Because it's not Adele
why does snoop need an umbrella	for the drizzle.
Why do French tanks have rear view mirrors	So they can see the battle!
Why did the otter cross the road	To say ""hello from the otter side
Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat	A: In case she locks the keys in her car.
Why did the college student change his major from Biology to Physics after his first exam	He needed to see if how fast his grade dropped broke any laws of physics.
Why don't girls where skirts in the winter	So they don't get chapped lips.
Why did the trio of Mexicans get arrested	Because they were trespassing!
Why does Donald Trump tweet stuff at 3am	Because it's almost afternoon in Russia at that time.
why can't you hear michelle pfeiffer in the bathroom	Because the P is silent.
Why hello, dear! ""trent, did you bring cue cards to read off of during our date	Lovely weather! ""and did you only bring two?"" Why hello, d
Why does The Little Mermaid wear seashells	Cuz she grew out of her B shell *im so sorry*
Why do women have babies	Because it hurts and they deserve it
Why would atomic weapons be useless against Turkish rebels	Because roaches can survive nuclear radiation.
Why shouldn't you be racist	Because racism is a crime, and crime is for black people.
Why do they put fences around graveyards	Because people are dying to get in.
Why haven't I ever met a full blooded jew	All of the ones I've met have just been Jew-ash.
Why did Bill Cosby go to the gynecologist	He heard they carried rape kits.
Why did God have no sense of humor when putting the planets in order	because he didn't want to put Uranus at the end of the solar system
Why does everyone start to fight the day after Christmas	Because it's Boxing Day!
Why do politicians wear neckties	To keep their foreskin from flopping over their head.
Q: Why did god give blonde's 2 more brain cells than he gave cows	A: So they wouldn't shit all over when you played with their tits.
Why did the WTC get hit by Terrorist	They didn't get hit by Terrorists.
Why did the rock band get in serious treble	They failed on a consistent bassist.
Why do some blondes have bruised belly buttons	Because there are blond guys too.
Why did I spill root beer on a DNS server	Just because ICANN.
Why aren't there many women on death row	Ladies first.
Why are brides so happy on their wedding days	No more blowjobs.
Why are cowgirls Bowlegged	Because Cowboys eat with their Hats on.
Why is the fridge shaking so much	It's running just fine. Probrably because it's so turned on!
Why is Germany uninhabitable for cats	They have nein lives!
Why Does The Bride Wear White	So That The Dishwasher Matches The Fridge.
Why did the Weimar Republic ban balloons	Because of the Hyperinflation.
Why couldn't Donald Trump be a successful song writer	Because every good song has a bridge, not a wall.
Why didn't they punish the student who hung himself	He was already suspended.
Why is God depressed	Imagine...*You* Being God, the Lord, Him... But imagine us.
Why did the lonely man work on his days off	(X-post /r/dadjokes) He loved the company.
Why are there windows on the back of French Tanks	So they can watch the battle.
Why did the librarian hush the mime	Because actions speak louder than words.
Why did the Energizer Bunny go to prison	He was charged with battery.
Why is a laundromat a really bad place to pick up women	Because a woman who can't afford her own washing machine won't be able to support you.
Q: Why do ducks have flat webbed feet	A: To stomp out forest fires.
Why did Microsoft name their new operating system Windows 10	Because Windows 7 8 9!
Why did the girl sit on her watch	She wanted to be on time.
Why did the chicken cross the road	He just made it across and his buddy was like BAACk BAACK.
Why is C afraid of D	Because DEEZ NUTS!
Why do women get periods	Because they deserve it
Why do mice have small balls	Not many of them know how to dance.
Why did the ant-elope	Nobody gnu !
Why was Piglet in the bathroom	He was looking for Pooh.
Why do seagulls live by the sea	Because if they lived by the bay they would be called baygulls. My dad loves this joke.
why was the chicken population so large	because it grew **eggs**ponentially
Why are programmers so consumeristic	Because they're object oriented.
Why do they say all minorities look the same	Because once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamaul.
Why do sailors drink so much	We sleep better when the room is moving
Why did the scarecrow get promoted	Because he was out standing in his field
Why are womens feet shorter than mens	So they can stand closer to the sink.
Why do bald men cut holes in their pockets	So they can run their hands through their hair.
Why shouldn't white people go swimming	Nobody likes a soggy cracker!
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because fuck you
Why don't vampires go south of the border	Because every time they suck a Mexican's blood, they get the vshits for a month.
Why do people post missing person posts on Facebook	Like we're going outside...
why did god make girls so stupid	so that they would love boys
Why was Aron Ralston arrested by the FBI	For giving arms to Iraq.
Q: Why should you keep a blonde on the job 7 days a week	A: So you don't have to retrain them every Monday.
Why did the Tinman not go to the ball	His heart wasn't in it.
Why don't Asians make good Knights	Because then there would be a chink in the armor.
Why don't anteaters ever get sick	Because they are full of antibodies!
Why did the programmer confuse Halloween with Christmas	Because OCT 31 = DEC 25.
Why'd the crazy guy jump out of the hot air balloon's basket	He wanted to escape from the ballooney bin.
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle	Because the parrots-eat-'em-all
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple store	For the watch
Why did Jesus lose the basketball game	Because Peter denied him three times.
Why are most hurricanes named after women	Because when they come they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and your car.
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand	She moans with the other.
Why did the computer programmer put his brownies back in the oven	They were too GUI.
Why did the Scotsman sell drugs	He had to get plaid.
Why did Sally drop her ice-cream cone	She got hit by a bus.
Why do ducks have webbed feet	To stamp out forest fires !
Why are there no Walmarts in Syria	Because there is a target on every corner. Guys, this syriaous.
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip	...To get to the same side
Why are 490 Romans are funny	Because XD Edit : Sorry about the typo the second are is not supposed to be here
Why is Vladimir Putin always Russian	Because he's never Finnish.
Why did the salad cross the road	To get away from the PETA convention.
Why don't lamps talk	They're antisocial lights.
Why did the turtle cross the road	To get to the shell station
Why didn't Ronda go to Prom	she got Holm schooled &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; [/r/funny told me to go here &gt;.&gt;]
Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets	Q: Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets? A: To smell like big girls.
Why did the baker... Why did the baker have dirty hands	Because he kneaded a poo.... HAHAHAHA
Why is fruit so expensive	I want some raspberries, not the tears of Jesus.
Why do hipsters love Raiders of the Lost Ark	Because it's the first Indy movie.
Why did the console player cross the road	Because fuck you for clicking on this just to tell me how much of a shitty repost this is!
Why were Star Wars Episodes 4, 5, and 6 released before 1, 2, and 3	Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why did the Jedi cross the road	To get to the dark side.
Why do people make fun of me because I've never grabbed a girl's boobs	I still don't get tit.
Why did the twinkie go to the dentist	He lost his filling!
Why did the Mexican tie his wife to the train tracks	To-kill-er
Why is there so little Puerto Rican literature	Because the spray paint can wasn't invented until 1949.
Why do dentists like potatoes	Because they are so filling.
Why is there only a stairway to heaven but a highway to hell	Because of anticipated traffic numbers!
why don't Italians like Jehovah's witnesses	Italians don't like ANY witnesses.
Why should you never trust a noodle	Because they're in-pastas.
Why does internet explorer ask so many questions	Because it's insecure. It has trust issues.
Why are there no knock knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings!
Why did the ghost cross the road	To come back from the other side.
Why did the queen bee scald the worker bee	Because he was misbeehiving
Why did the sperm cross the road	I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why don't the Amish waterski	The horses would drown. Ba-dum TISH
Why did the rapper scream into his Easter basket	He wanted to give a shoutout to his peeps
Why am I not afraid of Michelle Obama banning soda pop	She said ""If you like your Dr. Pepper, you can keep your Dr. Pepper.
Why can't you have military coup in Russia	Because in Russia the military coups you.
Why does your Penis bend	It follows a pair'o'bollock trajectory.
Why did the belt get arrested	Because it held up a pair of pants. I'll show myself out.
Why didn't the pony speak	Because he was a little hoarse....
Why did the chicken fall in the well	He couldn't see that well.
Why did the programmer quit his job	Because he didn't get arrays.
Why can vietnamese handle heat really well	It is natural selection...
Why won't the US change over to the Metric system	Because we'd rather die on our feet than live on your 30.48 centimeters.
Why aren't fish good tennis players	They don't like getting close to the net!
Why should you wrap a gerbil in duct tape	(NSFW) So it doesn't burst when you fuck it.
Why is Jabba so fat	Because he goes to Pizza Hutt a lot. Edit: Best flair 2016
Why is 'dark' spelled with a k and not with c	Because you can't see in the dark Badambum!
Why was the car theif not able to steal the wooden car	Because he couldn't drive stick!
Why are Black people so tall	Because Their Negros
Why did the cat befriend the dog	Because the dog let the cat out of the bag! Haha!
Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver	? She was a woman
Why does coffee take so long to make in a purcolator	Because it's not called a purconow.
Why are they using two ply toilet paper in Russia	Because authorities want a carbon copy of all matters.
Why do big trucks have nuts on the trailer hitch, but no shaft	Because the prick's behind the wheel
Why did the chicken get run over by a car as it was crossing the road	To get to the Other side
Q: Why did the invisible man look in the mirror	A: To make sure he still wasn't there.
Why doesn't anyone care about the plot in porn	Because, nobody appreciates good friction anymore.
Why could the drunk man only move left	The officer hadn't read him his rights.
Why did Sally fall off the swing	She had no arms.
Why was the sacajawea coin made	because the Trail Of Tears had a toll booth.
Why did the ant crawl up Princess Kate's stocking	To go to the grand opening. Why did the ant crawl up Prince Williams' trousers? To get to the royal ball.
Why did the dinosaurs go extinct	Because they were veloco*raptured*.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a poo!!
why did the wife of the fish and chips fetishist file for divorce	she was sick of being a battered woman
Why can't you run in camp sites	Its 'ran', because it's past tents... Ill see myself out.
Why did the French chef kill himself	He lost the huile d'olive.
Why did the condom leave so quickly	Because it got pissed off.
Why is Aaron Rodgers sucking so much	Because he got tired of being rodgered!
Why are colds such bad robbers	Because they're so easy to catch!
Why was the snow yellow	Elsa let it go.
Why can't you talk to spiders who get shut in pianos	They'll B flat
Why are cemeteries surrounded by walls	Because people are dying to get in them!
Why doesn't Seattle have a professional volleyball team	Because then the people would demand a professional football team
Why did the chicken cross the road	As a child, you could have been anything. And one by one, you didn't become any of them.
Why did the chicken commit suicide	To get to the other side
Why did Moses lead the Jews around the desert for 40 years	Because someone dropped a quarter.
Why did the Farmer win a Nobel-Prize	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why did the mouse whisper into the elephant's ear	The giraffe put him up to it.
Why do people on acid listen to Dubstep	Because if they didn't drop the base it would be a neutral reaction and they wouldn't feel the psychedelic effects.
Why are hands so important	You always need them for thumb finger another.
Why can't Hellen Keller drive	Because she is a woman
Why were episodes 4, 5, 6 made before 1, 2, 3	Because in charge Yoda was.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side.
Why is your paper blank	Teacher: Why is your paper blank? Student: Sometimes silence is the best answer ! :D :D
Why don't we assassinate Kim Jong-Un	Because the North remembers.
Why was the ketchup in the refrigerator embarrassed	He saw the salad dressing.
Why are elephants wiser than chickens	Have you ever heard of Kentucky Fried Elephant ?!
Why did the English teacher hire a midget geography nut as his lawyer	He wanted someone who understood *capitals* and *lower* case.
Why did the blonde give up on trying to blow up a car	She burnt her lips on the exhaust pipe
Why was tigger looking down the toilet	Because he was looking for Pooh! www.onebadjoke.com
Why did the scarecrow get a nobel peace prize	Because he was *outstanding* in his field.
Why did the suicidal chicken cross the road	To get to the other side
Q: Why is it good that accordionists have a half-ounce more brains than horses	A: So they don't disgrace themselves in parades.
Why did Shrodinger's girlfriend dump him	Because she didn't like his lack of commitment
Why are New Yorkers so depressed	? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.
Why was Juan late to the Mexican food party	Because he had to pick up the [pace!](http://imgur.com/21sH8sj)
Why did Sally fall off the swing	Because Sally had no arms. Knock knock ""Who's there?"" Not Sally
Why did the stoplight turn red	Well, you would too, if you had to change in front of that many people!
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a six offender.
Why did Frosty the snowman pull down his pants	He heard the snow-blower was coming.
Why do seagulls fly by the sea	If they flew by the bay, they'd be Bayguls!
Why did the T-Rex go extinct	He had a reptile dysfunction.
Why is twelve an unfair number	Because it's two against one
Why did the tornado get arrested	-For speeding theft vandalism assault and murder
why dont they have drivers ed and sex ed on the same day in mexico	it's too hard on the donkey
Why do French tanks have rear view mirrors	So they can see the battle.
Why is 7 in front of 9 Q: why is 7 in front of 9 A:	Because 7 8 9
Why should you always take two pairs of trousers when you play golf	.... ....In case you get a hole in one!
Why did Timmy fall off his bike	Because Bill threw a mattress at him.
Why did the pervert cross the road	He was choking the chicken.
Why don't gay necrophiles like to talk about their pasts	Too many skeletons in their closets.
Why did the banker eat lunch by himself	Because he was a loaner.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican	Because they always steal all of the green cards.
Why did the weather want privacy	-It was changing
Why are Aluminum Phosphate ions so bad at math	They have trouble forming solutions.
Why did the bike fall down	It was two tired
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	The p is silent.
Why shouldn't Canadian adults laugh at children who believe in the Easter Bunny	Because most of them still believe in Justin Trudeau
Why do people consistently make bad chemistry jokes	Because all the good ones Argon.
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong sock.
Why are there so many trees along the Champs-Elysees	Because ze Germans like to march in ze shade.
Q: Why do they call a horse a horse	A: Because they speak English.
Why is sleeping with a weatherman always disappointing	Because he always promises 10-12 inches, but you only ever get 2-3.
Why are modern women more likely to pursue a STEM degree	They need to learn scientific notation to keep track of their n-count.
Why did Jon Snow wait in line at the Apple store	For the watch .
Why is the middle east the best place to open a store at the moment	Because business is booming.
why does snoop dogg carry an umbrella	Fo drizzle
Why don't people tell Jim Jones jokes	The punchline is too long.
Why do pills bottles have cotton in them	So they can remind black people the picked cotton before they sold drugs.
Why do teenage girls only hang out in odd numbered groups	Because they literally cannot EVEN right now, ugh!
Why is it hard to break up with a Japenese girl	...you have to drop the bomb twice in order for her to get it.
Why did the serial killer become a chef	Because you can't make an omelette without killing a few chicks.
Why do lambs go to casinos	They love to gambol.
Why do kids hate Steven Hawking	They don't like their vegetables.
Why did the black man cross the road	To catch the chicken (Btw I came up with this myself)
Why does the Easter Bunny go around hiding all those eggs	Because he doesn't want everyone to know that he's been fucking that chicken.
Why won't Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary as president	The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Why couldn't Batman go fishing	Because Robin ate the worms.
Why was the cannibal fined by the judge	He was caught poaching.
Why do first year film students like analyzing porn	It's easy to identify the climax.
Why should you never mess with a Gladiator who knows his English literature	First he'll bellowulf at you, then he'll shakespeare
Why don't Malaysian TV shows get commissioned	Because they all have terrible pilots.
Why couldn't Muhammad pick his wife up from childcare	Because Muslim girls can't go to school
Why did the monk hate the musician	because he hated violins I made this up just now
Why do black people wear lots of chains	It's a habit that stuck from when they were slaves.
Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and 7 on a calulator	A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
Why is it so difficult for Trump supporters to find a job	Because Russia banned LinkedIn
Why do midgets laugh while running through the yard	The grass tickles their nuts.
Why is poo tapered	So your arse doesn't slam.
Why did the anorexic cow take great offense when the farmer wished him Merry Christmas	...because he was a moo-slim.
Why shouldn't you protest wound treatment	It won't get better if you picket it.
Why shouldn't you take away a hobos shit	It might be his lunch.
Why are gay guys good helpers when moving	They know how to pack your shit.
Why are divers always so nervous	Because they're always under pressure!
Why did the gay choir boy die	He choked on his last hymn.
Why Twitter deleted so many terrorist accounts recently	Otherwise they'd kill all the 140 characters.
Why couldn't the Italian chef get into his restaurant	Gnocchi.
Why did Satan keep growing his herb garden even when his oregano died each time	Because he always had a Hell of a good thyme.
Why are portraits of George Washington displayed in British bathrooms	Because nothing makes the British shit quicker than the sight of George Washington
Why would I go to a high school reunion	I have Facebook, I already know who got fat.
Why don't math majors like to drink alcohol	Because they don't like to drink and derive.
Why do women wear make up and perfume	Because they're ugly and they stink
Why couldn't little Johnny get the toy he saw on TV	His parents weren't 18 or older.
Why is Hitler never invited to the BBQ'S	Because he is always burning the Franks
Why does Hitler has a red phone	To make Phone calls...
Why were the treefrog's stories always so attention grabbing	Because he was absolutely ribbeting!
Q: Why did the astronomer hit himself on the head in the afternoon	A: He wanted to see stars during the day.
Why were Mary and Joseph considered such good businessmen	Because they produced such a great prophet.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon	because she'll let it go
Why don't lobsters share	Because they're shellfish...
Why was the skeleton using the Internet	To bone up on his schoolwork.
Why do churches ban Wi-Fi	Because they can't compete with an invisible power that actually exists
Why did the superhero make a lot of shredded cheese	It was for the grater good.
Why do they like to watch Star Wars on the big screen on aircraft carriers	They're all about force projection.
Why did the Italian get thrown out of the hotel	He said ""I wanna two sheet onna the bed"".
Why did the H kill itself	because the G had
Why are do gays always get to the airport early	They get their shit packed the night before.
Why can't a storm trooper get a girl pregnant	Because they always miss their target!
Why was the robber so secure	He was a safe robber.
Why did the boy stare at his orange juice for so long	Because it said, Concentrate.
Why is there so much ""twang"" in Country music	It is the sound a guitar makes after six or seven generations of inbreeding.
Why is Lance Armstrong a good citizen	Because he is always recycling
Why do we have Martin Luther King Jr. Day off	So the black people will not be the only ones skipping school.
Why would Pinocchio make a bad criminal	He wasn't cut out for this.
Why did the woman miss the spaghetti train	Because it went straight pasta!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl pee	Because the P is silent!
Why did the miner feel so low	He was in a deep depression.
Why are titties like toy trains	They are meant for children but daddy likes to play with them, too.
Why did the Englishman wear a tie to his vasectomy	Because he wanted to look mptnt
Why are Jews so good in school	They were taught how to concentrate well.
Why did the pony have such a hard time talking	He was a little horse
why didn't the toilet paper cross the road	Because it got stuck in a crack
Why the patriots deflated 11 balls out of 12	because they knew the ""12"" will be deflated during/after Superbowl.
Q: Why couldn't the shoes go out and play	A: They were all tied up.
Why are librarians so shy	Their occupation makes them very shelf conscious.
Why doesn't a skeleton fall in love with a human. maybe it's	Because the skeleton doesn't have a heart.
Why did Florence Welch sing 'Sweet Nothing'	Because she was out of lemo-nada. It's okay guys, i'll let myself out...
Why did the condom fly across the room	It was pissed off.
Why did Sally fall off the swings	Because she had no arms. Knock knock... [who's there] Not sally
Why did the T-Rex fail his business project	He couldn't make hands meet.
Why do girls have to get periods	Why can't Mother Nature just text us and be all like ""yo bitch, you ain't pregnant. Catch ya next month homegirl"".
Why is Santa's sack so large	He only comes once a year.
Why did the foreigner vote for Trump	He heard he would get to watch the inauguration on a plane
Why were the two managers sitting around  sketching crockery before the start of the game	It was a cup draw!
Why did the Libertarian cross the road	None of your damn business. Am I being detained?
Why is gay marriage an issue	Because people are fucking assholes.
Why was the potato chip angry	Because he was salty Edit: im so sorry.
Why do white people have bigger dicks than asians	Because they're caucasian.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say ""hello from the other side.
Why did little Jimmy cross the road	Because he wanted a good view of the front of a moving Porsche. RIP lil' Jimmy
Why do jihadists drink instant coffee	Because they hate the French press
Why couldn't the coal worker get into the movie	He was a miner.
Why Can't Foster Kids Play Baseball	They Don't Know Where Home Is!"" Daniel , Reddit Clown
Why should one not talk about Titanic with a stranger	Because it can't break the ice
Q: Why is a violinist like a Scud missile	A: Both are offensive and inaccurate.
Why do Japanese hate bingo	They all scramble for cover when you call B-29
Why are business men's toilet clogged	They gave too many shits
Why can't you make something that's sort of like a macaron but not really	Because then it'd just be macaroni
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the little bitch's house.
Why don't black people dream	Because the last guy who had a dream got shot
Why are cows lazy and fat	Because they don't like to mooooooooooooove.
Why did the man shut his donut shop	Why did the man close his donut shop? ...because he was fed up with the hole business!
Why are churches never broke	Because Jesus saves.
Why do Cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose.
Why are black people so good at sports	Hard work and dedication.
Why do divers fall out of the boat backwards	Because if they went forward they would still be in the boat.
Why don't you see tampons with maxi pads	Because they're stuck up cunts.
Why is it called xbox one	Because when you see it, you turn one degree and walk away.
Why do people like r/citrus	It's sublime
Why does a cow need a bell	Because its horn doesn't work.
Why did Donald Trump outlaw grated cheese	So he could make America grate again.
Why do rappers love weed so much	Because the majority of their relatives used to pick it
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them	In loving memory of all the faces that were buried there.
Q: Why do we put candles on top of a birthday cake	A: Because it's too hard to put them on the bottom! #HappyBirthdayBob
Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive	Because she was a woman.
Why was the pilot dying	Because he had terminal cancer.
Why was Einstein unable to build a wall	He only had Ein Stein
Why do the Scottish wear kilts	Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why does a blonde nurse carry around a red pen	To draw blood.
Why is it hard for men to understand women	Because you have to study abroad to understand them.
Why did the bees build the hive	It's in their beehavior.
Why was Hitler kicked off the track team	He could never finish a race.
Why do asians squint all the time	Because nukes are so bright
Why did the light turn red	You would too if you were caught changing in the middle of the street!
Why are E.T.'s eyes so big	He saw the phone bill.
Why are atoms untrustworthy	They make up everything. Credit to /u/ipsokinetikon from an askreddit thread about what not to trust.
Why don't monkeys gamble in the jungle	There are too many cheetahs.
Why do women get yeast infections	(NSFW) So they know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils	Because they have big fingers.
Why do fat white women like black guys	Because they heard black makes you look thin.
Why are spiders so unproductive	Because they hang out on the web all day!
Why couldn't the melons run away and get married	Because they cantaloupe!
Why did the air freshener company go out of business	Because they lacked common scents...
Why are there no casinos in China	They hate Tibet.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was too far out.
Why do ninjas make bad porn stars	Because nobody can see them coming.
Why was the homeless man's body cremated	Because he urned it
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	When she gets to 69 she gets a frog in her throat.
Why is Hillary better than a prostitute	Hillary will be whatever you want her to be for a whole campaign, a prostitute only lasts 30 minutes.
Why are they giving Lance Armstrong a hard time about doping	??... Going to the moon is very scary shit!!!
Why will we never know if Rick James was bald	Rogaine is a hell of a drug.
Why did the chubby kidney doctor go to the weather convention	He heard they were looking for meaty urologists.
Why cant people with no feet drink milk	Because they are lack toes intolorent.
Why are blowjobs referred to as ""giving head""	... because it's the only way for women to get ahead in life.
Why did they pull a lawsuit against the spa for their wax treatment	It was a ripoff.
Why hasn't Nintendo released a Mario themed basketball video game	Because Japan isn't good at basketball.
Why did the black guy cross the road	He wanted some chicken!
Why won't North Korea ever have a successful space program	There's no air in space for them to eat.
Why do you always see Santa with a full sack	Because he only comes once a year!
Why does America use Mexicans to pick our oranges	As we saw on Tuesday, it takes 1/2 of America to pick an Orange.
Q: Why did the engineer put a clock under his desk	A: He wanted to work overtime.
Why don't women sleep on the left side of the bed	Because they always want to be right.
Why is Jesus never able to finish more than half of a crossword puzzle	He always gets stuck on across.
Why was the ghost on an episode of Hoaders	He was a little... Possesive
Why did they go from Windows 8 to Windows 10	Cause Seven ate Windows 9
Why did the T-rex cross the road	Chickens didn't exist yet.
Why did the old lady fall into the well	Because she didn't see that well.
why yes i studied sports medicine at the university of phoenix	*puts stethoscope on basketball, nods*
Why do bulimics love KFC	It comes with a bucket.
Why did the boy eat his homework	His dog died.
Why did Michael Jackson not molest Macaulay Culkin	He wasn't hot enough.
Why do North Americans hate playing chess	Cause they lack the towers.
Why does tigger have no friends	Because he plays with pooh.
Why do Jewish men like to watch porno movies backwards	They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
Why didn't the feminist shave her arm pits	Just kidding, just wanted to rile a few people up. But if you want to have a punchline contest, feel free.
Why is Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven is a Six offender.
Why is Iran called Iran	Because when I saw the bombs, I*ran*
Why can't the homeless ever get by in America	because there's no chaaaannggggeeeee
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	He heard the ref was blowing fowl.
why was the sand wet	because the sea-weed.
Why couldn't the kid get in to see the pirate movie	It was rated PG-13, and he was only 11. Plus, he had no money, and his mother didn't want him watching movies like that.
Why do birch trees only have daughters	Cuz they kill the male birch trees. Nobody likes those sons of birches.
Why do cops make good farmers	They're good at planting evidence.
Why do people get divorced in the holiday season	Because they Marry Christmas!
Why did the Muslim comedian blow himself up	For Allahf
Why does the Pope only eat munchkins	Cause they're the holy part of the donut!
Why is a violin difficult to play	Because it is fiddly!
Why did Ray Bradbury use heated lube	It was a pleasure to burn.
Why did the snowman smile	He heard that the snow-blower was in town.
Why did the little girl bury her flashlight	Her batteries were dead.
Why couldn't Princess Leia find love	She was looking in Alderaan places.
Why did the campfire turn into a forest fire	It wanted to get off its ash.
Why do fencers make terrible Redditors	They always riposte. ^^^^^^^^this ^^^^^^^^is ^^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^^riposte ^^^^^^^^too
Why do Tajikistani people wear trucker hats	Cuz they're from Douche-anbe!
Why do maxi-pads hate tampons so much	Because tampons are stuck up cunts
Why shouldn't you listen to people who have just come out of the swimming pool	Because they are all wet.
Why would you name your human child Hunter	Hunter is a profession. That's like naming your kid Dentist.
Why did the calculator pay $100 for a pack of cigarettes	There was a sin tax error. [8.5]
Why do Native Americans make the best strippers	Their dancing can make it rain.
Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months	Because on the box it said From 2 to 4 years.
Why did Hitler commit suicide suddenly	He lost the war.and he did Nazi that coming..
Why can't atheists solve quadratic equations	They don't believe in higher powers.
Why didn't the penguin close on his mortgage	He had cold feet.
Why Did the Native Americans Car Break Down	Their Injun died on them!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	Because if they had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
why do queens play poker in the bathroom	so they'll always get a royal flush
Why do women make better soldiers	Because they can bleed for a week and not die.
Why did the black man cross the road	Black men always follow the chicken.
Why did your sister refuse the gift of a  Japanese car	Because she'd never be able to learn the language
Why are families only allowed 1 child in China	The government is opposed to euthanasia.
Why did the black guy wear a suit and tie to his vasectomy	Well, if I'm gonna be impotent, I'm gonna look impotent.
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill Clinton first thing in the morning	She wants to be the first lady.
Why did Sally fall of off the swing.... Because she didn't have any arms. Knock knock Who's there	Not Sally.
Why are gay prostitutes so expensive in China	Because there aren't any free erections.
Why were the people in the Twin Towers so upset about their pizza order	They ordered pepperoni but all they got was plane.
why doe s porn hub even have a share to google + button	I dont want any one to know i have a google +...
Why are rosary beads so small	Because altar boys are really tight.
Q: Why do most people have trouble obtaining blood transfusions in Taiwan	A: Because they only have Taipei.
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them	In loving memory of all the faces that have been buried there.
WHY DID YOUR MUM ASK FOR FOOD	Edward Macaroni fork
Why did tomato blush	because it saw the salad dressing
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because she suspected that 7 knew she had witnessed a murder he had committed the night before.
Why aren't there any Walmarts in the middle east	Because there's Targets around every corner.
Why can't an orphan play baseball	It couldn't find home
Why did god invent whiskey	(x-post /r/drunkjokes) So the Irish would never rule the world
Why did the Mexican army attack the Alamo with only 2000 soldiers	they only had one pickup
Why do people buy expensive rims	they're investing in wheel estate.
Why can't bike stand on its own	...because it's two tired.
Why are 90 degree angles so cocky	Because they are always right
Why are Holocaust jokes never clean	Because they're full of Germans.
Why couldn't the chameleon change colors	Because it had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did Jon Snow go to the Apple Store	For the Watch.
Why does Karl Marx only drink herbal tea	Because proper tea is theft!
Why do walruses just love a Tupperware party	They're always on the lookout for a tight seal.
why do women fake orgasms	because they think men care.
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only cums once a year.
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only cums once a year!
Why did Hitler kill himself	He saw his gas bill
Why can't there be some sort of mathematic formula for making friends	A squadratic formula, if you will.
Why isn't John Oliver having sultanas in his fruitcake	Because it's the currant year.
Why does no one makes fun of the gay kid who hung himself	Because it's low-hanging fruit
Why did the police shoot the black insomniac	He resisted a rest.
Why did the redneck cross the road	Because his dick was still in the chicken!
Why don't kleptomaniacs ever get puns	The take everything, literally.
Why do women make such horrible capenters	Because for years men have telling them that |----------------| is 8 inches long.
Why did the scientist take off his doorbell	...because he wanted to win the ""Nobel"" prize!
Why did the chicken cross the road	Cause that's as far as I could kick it.
Why did the elephant cross the road	Because the chicken was having a day off !
Why aren't there any muslim stand-up comedians	Because they keep bombing.
Why did the leper return to the shower	He forgot his head and shoulders.
Why is peter pan always flying	He never lands.
Why doesn't the gas balloon want to have a flame	6 Because he could become a brandfare
Why did the girl fall off the swing	...she didn't have any arms.
Why was the tomato blushing	Answer: ...Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why is it possible for a door to be made out of kittens	Because they are a-door-able.
Why was the chef mad	He had all the money in the world, but no thyme.
Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill insects	Because he's an ex-terminator
Why do women live longer than men	God gives them the time back they spent parking.
Why did John Lennon get shot	because Mark Chapman was a terrible shot, and kept missing Yoko.
Why are black people good at basketball	Because it's all about shooting and stealing.
Why do Japanese people look so serious in pictures	Last time they saw a flash it destroyed their country
Why did the researchers stopped their research on embryos	Because the subject is still to immature.
Why did the medium cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why do anarchists only drink herbal infusions	Because proper tea is theft.
Why can't you hear Django coming	The D is silent.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get away for North Korea's long range missiles.
Why did the vulture cross the road	To eat the dead chicken on the other side.
Why are there no jehovah's witnesses in Italy	The mafia doesn't like witnesses.
Why do dentists recommend jpeg	It is a flossy compression method.
Why are hurricanes sometimes named after women	When they come they're wild and wet, but when they go they take your house and car with them.
Why do greeting cards today all play songs & shit	Giving innocent folks migraines & whatnot. Go to hell, today's greeting cards!
Why does a giraffe need such a long neck	Because its head is so far away from its body.
Why is one side of the V always longer than the other when geese are flying south for the winter	It's because there are more geese on that side.
Why did the sailor ground his son	His grades were below sea level ^^im ^^so ^^sorry
Why are so many Italians named Tony	Because when they left the old country, immigration officers put a sticker on their lapel that read To NY.
Why are British anti-smoking PSA's often made by homophobes	Because they want to prevent people from bumming fags
Why do white men shop at black yard sales	To get all their stuff back.
Why Do Mathematicians Never Go To The Beach	Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student	Because education pays off in the long run!
Why can't Abraham Lincoln remember the Gettysburg Address	Because he's dead.
Why does Dracula always travel with his coffin	Because his life is at stake.
Why did the physicist move across the street from the haunted graveyard	To observe spooky action at a distance! Thank you, I'll be here all week.
Why does Harlem have so many trees	Public transportation.
Why is the set including the square root of 5 and the square root of 4 similar to the set including anarchism and authoritarianism	They are both unlike radicals.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up for itself	Because it was two-tyred.
Why do Russians like pho so much	It's So-Viet.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns	Because they taste **funny**.
Why can't you find good quality clothing on the Iron Islands	They do not sew
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes	-&gt; He uses the finest ingredients.
Why do fish live in salt water	Because pepper makes them sneeze!
Why do more men die in car crashes than woman	Because women are at the wheel.
Why do dinosaurs use Christian dating sites	Because they can lie about their age!
Why are bachelors thin, and married men fat	Bachelors come home, check to see what's in the fridge, and go to bed. ....Married men come home, check to see what's in the bed, and go the fridge.
Why did the squirrel cross the road on the telephone wire	To be on the safe side!
Why did the Gorilla enlist in the ragged continental army	To avoid the draft!
Why did Kanye West blow up the bakery	Because no one man should have all that flour.
Why did the black man have to sell his parrot	because polly wanted a cracker
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund	'Cause he wanted to git a long, little doggie.
Why couldn't the redditor fit his dick into Ray Charles mouth	TL;DR
Why is the white guy the scariest guy in prison	You know he's guilty.
Why Can't Dinosaurs Clap.	Because They're Dead. :)
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He tried to drink tea before it was cool.
Why do Native Americans hate snow	It's white and it's all over their land.
Why did the insomniac get arrested	He resisted a rest.
Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan	Because there's a Target on every corner!
Why did the riot police show up early to the protest	They wanted to beat the crowd.
Why was the Nun admitted to rehab....	Because she had a habit! I'll just show myself out
Why did the broom take a nap	It was sweepy. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Why was the janitor late	He overswept
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because Pacquiao was chasing it!
Why did the Russian man get food poisoning	Because NE-coli.
Why are elephants big and grey	Because if they were small and purple, they would be called grapes.
Q: Why do saunas remind some people of blonde's	A: Because they're both steaming and wet when you enter and they don't mind if you bring friends.
Why did the Soviets implement 5 year plans instead of 4 year plans	'Cuz they were stalin'!
Why was the kamikaze pilot so depressed	He felt his life was heading for a downward spiral.
Why did the football player tackle the phone booth	To get his quarter back! Hahahahahha
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors	Because if it had four doors it'd be a chicken sedan.
Why do tectonic plates wear diapers	Because they're in continents.
Why does a chicken coup only have two doors	Because if they had four doors they'd be called chicken sedans.
Why do some people cough alot	Because they drink to much coughee.
Why did the father of the asian couple know the baby was not his	Because two Wongs don't make a white
Why are steam trains naughty around Christmas	They're hoping Santa will give them a lump of coal.
Q: Why don't Polish people kill frogs	A: Because it's their national bird.
Why do robots make bad boyfriends	They just screw, nut, then bolt.
Why Was Jill upest about the new iphone	because there was no jack.
Why is Santa Claus so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why did the Raisin take a Prune to the Prom	Because he couldn't find a Date!
Why does Hillary Clinton want to be president	She also wants to get a blow job in the oval office
Why can't you ever trust pillowcase salesmen	Because it might be a *sham*
Why is it so hot in a stadium after the game is over	Because all the fans left...
Why did the socialist drop out of high school math	Because there were too many damn inequalities.
Why didn't the Photon have any luggage on the plane	He was Travelling Light
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza	Because he was eating it before it was cool.
Why did Pavlov have extra soft hair	Classical conditioning
Why did the incarcerated 12 year old furiously jerk off in jail	He was hoping for an early release
Why did the thesaurus have a creeping feeling	He had an antonym.
Why was the accountant constipated	He couldn't budget.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat	Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
Why would it be bad to be a black Jew	.....you would have stand in the back of the furnace! (Just jokes guys no hate here )
Why does Reddit love Ronda Rousey so much	she hits women
Why has no one invented a device where I can move myself around from place to place while lying in a hammock	I remember when we used to make stuff in this lazy country!
Why did Snow White go to bed	She was feeling Sleepy.
Why did the smoothie get assassinated	He got mixed up with a few bad apples.
Why should you never kiss a slutty bird	Because you might get chirpies, which is a canararial disease, but don't worry, it's tweetable.
Why shouldn't you trust a midget	Because their head's close to their butt.
Why is the sky blue	Son: Dad..Why is the sky blue? Dad: Because if it was green, we wouldn't know where to stop mowing the lawn.
Why don't asians like to applause	Because every time they do all they do is crap
Why did the duck go into Rehab	Because he was a quack head
Q: Why do ya reckon Blonds don't have elevator jobs	A: Cos they've no idea of the route.
Why did the grapes gang rape and sodomize the orange with a chain saw	They found him aPEELing.
Why didn't the ghost have any children	Because he had a Halloweenie!
Why do old men prefer golf more than sex	The fewer the strokes the better you are at it ;)
Why is the brain always anxious	It's part of the nervous system.
Why didn't the racist eat the middle of his sunny-side up egg	Because he only likes whites.
Why are Americans bad at League of Legends	Cause they can't protect their towers.
Why do Jews stay home during the summer	They don't like going to camps.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	For the 23rd flavor.
Why is Russia the gassiest country	Because their leader is Putin.
Why did the bee started talking poetry	He was waxing lyrical !
Why could Luke and Leia never be together	They went looking for love in Alderaan places.
Why did the punk cross the road	He was safety-pinned to the chicken.
Why can't Shia Joe travel in eastern Pennsylvania	Because it's always Sunni in Philadelphia.
Why do mushmelons always have traditional marriages	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the semen cross the road	I wore the wrong sock today.
Why was Oedipus against profanity	because he kisses his mother with that mouth.
Why didn't the electron leave it's house	Because it was grounded.
Why don't black people go on cruises	they won't fall for that one again
Why don't dentists display their awards	Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.
Why will the ghost never succeed in life	He's too eeriesponsible!!!!
Why didn't Princess Diana have very many friends on Xbox Live	All she does is stay on the dashboard.
Why is the time in the USA behind that of England	Because England was discovered before the USA !
Why the word redundancy when lawyers say cease and desist	Billable vowels.
Why do Spanish men get half price movie tickets	They take the senor discount.
Why did the two knives go to the dance together	Because they both looked sharp!
Why are dead baby jokes so funny	They never grow old.
Why did the condom cross the road	It got pissed off.
Q: Why did Ariel wear seashells	A: Because she grew out of her B shells.
Why did the ghost go into the elevator	To lift his spirits.
Why did the cannibal leave the restaurant	The waiter gave him the cold shoulder.
why did the chicken commit suicide	to get to the other side.
Why do groups of cows not like new music releases	Because they've herd it all before
Why did the Green Giant get a new lid	Because he always spills the beans.
Why are pirates never scared of a storm	Because they love torrents.
Why did the Boston Marathon runner collapse before finishing the race	(WTF?) His thighs were burning too bad.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 contracted the Ebola virus and is highly contagious.
Why do all chicken coupes have two doors	Because if they had four doors they would be sedans.
Q: Why is a man's pee yellow and his sperm white	A: So he can tell if he is coming or going.
Why do black people have big nostrils	Because air is free
Why do people call Donald Trump a clown	Because we used to find him funny, but now he's just shit-your-pants terrifying.
Why did the Windows OS skip from 8 to 10	Because seven, eight, nine.
Why did the aligator spit out his lunch	Because it was two years old
Why did the console cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side
Why did the chicken cross the road	He knew he'd be remembered for it.
Why was the Amish girl shunned	Too Mennonite.
Why can't you bring an Indian to a fancy restaurant	Because they get the Buddha in the Gouda! ;D
Why should we all worship Jesus	Because he makes a bloody good wine.
Why did the football coach go to the bank	To get his quarterback!!
Why did they bury the Scottish man on the West side of the hill	Because he was dead
Why can't you tell jokes to kleptomaniacs I stole this joke from somewhere	..
Why do all Egyptian's farts smell the same	Because they have a tutankhamun!
Why does Snoop Dog always carry an umbrella	Fodrizzle
Why did the creator of 9gag call it that	Because that was how many dicks he could fit in his mouth before he gagged.
Why did Siegfried and Roy close their bakery	A batch of Tiger bread turned on them.
Why don't you invite a Comcast worker to your party	Because nobody likes his company!
Why did Mozart kill his chicken	It kept saying ""BACH BACH BACH"" Why did Mozart kill his other chicken? To impress his Wolf-gang.
Why did the can crusher quit his job	It was soda pressing...
Why are black people so tall	Their knee grows
Why is it called PMS	Because mad cow disease was taken.
Why aren't hippies good pitchers	Because they're always high and outside.
Why is the sea salty	Because when it waves, you never wave back!
Why did the guy that owned a chocolate building bang his mom	Because he had an edible complex.
Why did the Fall break off from all the other seasons	Because it wanted autumnomy
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get out of North Korea's missile range.
why does Wally wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Why is my algebra textbook so sad	It has a lot of problems.
Why are redneck crimes so hard to solve...	Because everyone has the same DNA and there are no dental records. . . . . Not original, I heard it on satellite radio yesterday.
Why are orphans so bad at baseball	They don't know where home is.
Why do buzzards prefer to fly	Because they really like their carry-on..... yeah total dad joke, i know.
Why was Hitler better than Jesus (offensive)	Belated Hitler birthday joke! Jesus may have fed 5,000 people with a few loaves of bread and fish, but Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Why do we feel like whistleblowers right now	Because we're Snowedin.
Why can't T-Rex's High Five	Because they're all dead
Why doesn't Iowa have a professional football team	So that Minnesota does not get jealous.
Why do women talk so much	Because they have 4 lips.
Why don't southern belles go to orgies any more	Too many thank you notes to write
Why won't Apple's new MacBook sell well	... because it has NO FANS!!! (get it? no fans? ... thank you!! don't forget to tip your server.)
Why did the airplane crash	The pilot was a loaf of bread.
Why are pot heads always so condescending	They always think they're higher then others
Why do dyslexics drink tea when having a heated argument	Because they're having a sipping contest.
Why didn't Darth Vader make it as a stand up comic	Fans thought his sense of humor was a little too on the dark side.
Why was the corn farmer paranoid	Because the field has ears.
Why are high end clocks designed and made in Switzerland	As they don't get arrested for doing their job as they do in America!
Why don't you see any slow black people	Because the slow ones are in prison.
Why did Joey fall of the swing	Because he doesn't have arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Joey.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneeded a poo!
Why is it so difficult for people with breast cancer to remember things	They have bad mammaries.
Why did Mrs. Piggy's relationship fail	She couldn't stand making Kermitments
Why are gay men such bad people	Because they are all fucking assholes
Why are 9/11 victims great readers	They can go through 90 stories in 10 seconds
Why do lawyers wear neckties	to keep their foreskins from creeping up.
Why can't a bicycle stand with out a kick stand	It's just two-tired.
Why are there no cats on mars	Curiosity.
Why did the blonde get fired from the sperm bank	Because she was drinking on the job.
Why did the two tampons not talk to each other	because they're both stuck up cunts
Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party	He heard they had a tight seal
Why is 77 better than 69	You get eight more
Why is it good news that Aroldis Chapman moved to the Yankees	Because pitchers don't hit in the American League!
Why didn't the Cancer Cowboy head out West	He was afraid of Chemo-sabe.
Why did the geologist's wife leave him	He took her for granite.
Why did the samurai hate nonsense	Because he was a sensei.
Why did your sister shoot the alarm clock	Because she felt like killing time.
Why do the Irish have 239 beans in their soup	If they had one more it would be to farty
Why don't cannibals like to eat Carl Lewis	He gives them runs!
Why did the old lady fall in the well	Because she couldn't see that well
Why do Gay guys wear condoms	To play star wars.
Why did they make the toilet paper so hard in North Korea	Because the Party wants to make every asshole Red.
Why did the worm want to learn kung-fu	so he could flip the bird
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong socks today.
Why is Santa's sack so big	Because he only comes once year.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong socks today!
Why were those customers on Crazy Taxi' so pissed off all the time	SORRY IT TOOK 34 SECONDS TO GET TO PIZZA HUT MA'AM!
Why don't cops get along with black people	They should at least take a shot at it
Why do ghosts make the best thieves	Because possession is 9/10 of the law
Why is there a ""D"" in fridge but not in refrigerator	Because you don't put the ""D"" in the big ones.
Why did Princess Leia cry at the end of Return of the Jedi	Her father just died.
Why is stephen harper a bad stripper	Because he doesnt do well on the poles
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party	Because it had nobody to go with.
Why do people wash their clothes in Tide	Because it's too cold out-tide.
Why is Santa a terrible sexual partner	Because he doesn't exist
Why did Holden Caulfield hate his job at Sprint	He was surrounded by phone-ys!
why the sadman buy keybord	because is the ""key"" to hapennies
Why did the farmer fire the DJ	Because he kept on dropping beets.
Why do elephants have big flat feet	To stomp out burning ducks.
Why did batman fill his freezer with water bottles	Because he wanted just ice.
Why are trombones the sexiest instruments in the orchestra	Because they can be played in seven positions and you have to oil the slide.
Why can't America play chess	They are missing 2 towers
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a registered six offender
Why is Halloween one of the most popular holidays in West Virginia	It gives them an opportunity to *pump-kin*.
Why did Ted Cruz's father assassinate JFK	To get to the other side!
Why wasn't the plastic surgeon worried about running out of breast implants anytime soon	He had a large drawer of chests right there in his office.
Why didn't the lawyer monkey make any money	Because he did all his work pro bonobo
Why did a pair of tomatoes play footsie	To-mate-toes!
Why couldn't the lizard get it up	He had ereptile dysfunction.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered six offender
Why did the spanish man's boat sink	Ola
Why did God create Adam before Eve	To give him a chance to say something.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	Because if they had four, it would be a chicken sedan
Why did the kid punch the bed	His mother told him to hit the hay.
Why didn't the skeleton ask out the Zombie to go to the Halloween party	He didn't have the guts
Why was Simba unable to save his dad in the Lion King	He couldnt Mufasa enough.
Why did the Pharaoh Build a Statue of Himself	Because he Sphinx he's the best.
Why did the blond snort NutraSweet	She thought it was diet coke.
Why did the KKK member fail his calculus class	Because he didn't believe in integration.
Why are cowboy hats curled up on the sides	Cowboys can sit three abreast in the front seat of a pickup truck that way.
Why do blondes wear underwear	To keep their ankles warm.
Why hasn't there been a woman on the moon yet	it doesn't need cleaned.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns	They taste funny.
Why was the Taiwanese business man so stressed out	Because he had a Taipei personality.
Q: Why don't they teach driver's education and  sex education on the same day in Iraq	A: They don't want to wear out the camel.
Why did the kid run across the freeway	To show his friends he had guts. And boy, did he have guts.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100	At 69 she always gets a frog in her throat.
Why Does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella	For drizzle, my nizzle. :D
Why are fishermen so good at geometry	Cause they're good anglers.
Why couldn't the bike stand up on it's own	Because it was two tired.
Why was the sun wearing sunglasses	So he could creep hard on uranus
Why was the calculator salesman happy when he sold his cheapest calculator	Because they all add up!
Why do Hutus hate Dustin Hoffman	He impersonated a Tootsie.
Why are Asian students so smart	Because they keep trying to take Engrish classes but end up in Engineering.
Why did the man call his horse Fleabag	Because he was often scratched!
Why did the dyslexic butcher feel left out	He felt like he just didn't belong-a (bologna)
Why was Yoda afraid of the number Seven ...	... because *six seven ate*
Why couldn't the Great Ape tell a story	Because he doesn't have a tail.
Why did the chef take a job at a soup kitchen	Because they had great stock options.
Why couldn't JFK be a boxer	He couldn't take shots to the head.
Why don't Junior League debutantes engage in group sex	Too many thank you notes to write afterwards.
Why do women wear make-up and perfume	Because they're ugly and smell bad.
Why did the baker have smelly fingers	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why do Americans suck at DOTA2	because they are bad at defending towers
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the picnic	Because he burnt all the Franks.
Why do Texans duel at high noon	They distrust clocks.
Why did the female asteroid deny her boyfriends marriage proposal	Because she was scared of comet-ment
Why did the chicken cross the road	Your mom xDDddd
Why did Jared from Subway call Boyz2Men	He thought they had delivery service.
Why can't they use PC's as word-processors in Poland	The screens keep on filling up with white-out.
[OC] Why couldn't the dragon breathe fire	He had a cold
Why can't Mexicans play Uno	Because they steal all the green cards.
Why did the child have two black eyes	Because telling them once wasn't enough.
Why doesn't Superman like the Mummy	Because the Mummy's always saying, ""I'll be in the crypt tonight.
Why did the blonde call the welfare  office	She wanted to know how to cook food stamps!
Why did the horse stumble	He was de-stable-ized.
Why does my son deserve some Reddit Gold	Because he's Autistic.
Why do some women wear panties with flowers on them	In memory of all the faces that have been buried there.
Why are black men taller than white men	Because their knee grows.
Why did the Tumblr killed the Reddit fan	Because Reddit SUCKS.
Why aren't there any jokes about Jim Jones	The punchlines are too long.
why are fish good astronauts	They love trouter space!
Why do girls like vampires so much	They still eat no matter what time of the month.
Why does history keep repeating itself	Because we weren't listening the first time !
Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill	It ran out of juice. I shall take my leave now.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus	It wasn't born yesterday.
Why do sharks hate clowns	They taste funny
Why do women die from suicide five times less than men	Because they can't climb high enough on the corporate ladder.
Why did the bread machine go to see a therapist	It was too self-loafing.
Why did the ghosts haunt the bar	For the boos.
Why did Sarah fall off the swing	...because she didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's there?) ...not Sarah.
Why was 7 afraid of 8	Because may be 8 didn't have charging jack
Why do Java programmers wear glasses	Because they can't C#
Why does West Virginia have so many unsolved murders	There are no dental records and all the DNA is the same.
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow	Because he didn't want to fall into the cup of hot chocolate.
Why can't leopards hide	Because they are always spotted!
Why the hell are Zach Braff, Zach Galifianakis & Zac Efron not running around Hollywood as the ""Zach Pack""	?? This needs to happen.
Why don't blind people skydive	It scares their dogs too much
Why can't atheists solve exponential problems	Because they don't believe in higher powers.
Why did Kesha switch ""$"" back to an ""s""	Because she no longer has a dollar to her name.
Why do professional product reviewers like vacuum cleaners	No matter how good or bad it is, they can truthfully say ""it sucks.
Why is the white girl so odd	Because she can't even. I'll be over in /r/dadjokes if you need me.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion	Because he was outstanding in his field! :p
Why couldn't The Doctor play baseball	They couldn't figure out Who was on first (Sorry, if this has been submitted before, im new here)
Why did EA Cross the road	Buy the season pass now to find out!
Why is the Statue of Liberty hollow	Because she's really French, and the French have no GUTS!
Why are anorexic people cannibals	Because they're always putting their fingers in their mouths.
Why did everyone think the pie was gay	Because he blueberry.
Why did Adele cross the road	To say ""Hello"" from the other side.
Why did the vegetable band break up	They couldn't keep the beet.
Why did the paleontologist measure the height of a dinosaur using a T-Rex's foot	Jurassic times call for Jurassic Measures.
Why is Donald Trump like a college football team in Tijuana	They're both slipping in the polls.
Q: Why did the girl fall off the swing	A: Because someone threw a piano at her.
Why was Joseph late to the meeting	He was Stalin.
Why wouldn't you ask the zebra for music advice	Because he only knows about The White Stripes.
Why do native Americans make the best strippers	Because when they dance, they make it rain
Why did the hipster burn his tongue	He took a sip of his coffee before it was cool.
Why doesn't Spiderman like rice	It reminds him of Uncle Ben.
Why don't you stamp e-mails	Because your foot would go right through the computer screen!
Why did Bruce Jenner go back to college	So he could spend a semester a broad.
Why is a doctor always calm	He got a lot of patients
Why did the black man walk into a bar	Because the cell door was still locked.
Why is Donald Trump still running for president	It's the only race that he hasn't offended yet.
Why haven't we found aliens yet	because they are searching for intelligent life too.
Why was Homer Simpson in such a rush to get to the Kwik-E-Mart	He desperately needed Apu.
Why was Barbie kicked out of the toy box	because she kept sitting on pinocchio's face moaning, ""lie to me!
Why isn't the band ""1023 MB"" famous	They haven't had a gig yet.
Why does The Rock love Sonic the Hedgehog	***""IT DOESN'T MATTER""!***
Why is 4840 square yards like a bad tooth	Because it is an acre.
why didn't jimmy drive the tractor	Because he had no legs. Why didn't he have any legs? Because he was a potato.
Why couldn't the mayonnaise kethup	Cuz he musturd.
Why is a sinking ship like a person in jail	Because it needs bailing out.
Why is sex like signing-on	Both involve a log-in.
Why do black men love with their girls call them ""Daddy""	It's showing that she knows one day he's going to walk out on her and never come back.
Q: Why did eighteen blondes go to the movies together	A: They heard that under seventeen weren't admitted!
Why are there 2 dragon smileys on Whatsapp	He winked at me, I should send him a dragon head."" ""No babe, this calls for a full dragon.
Why is this wet	Just one of the fun games you get to play as a parent.
Why do French warships have glass bottoms	So that they can see the rest of their fleet.
Why can't an eel and an eagle team up	Because it would be eel-eagle!
why didnt natalie wood take a shower on the boat	she wanted to wash up on shore...
Why was the smurf's hat blue	Cus it was sad.
Why did the banker dump his girlfriend	He lost interest.
Why can't Monday get a girlfriend	Because it always comes to fast
Why couldn't the hunter cook breakfast	The game warden found out he poached his eggs!
Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards	A: Because he was sitting on the deck !
Why did the pig go in the kitchen	To start some bacon
Why did the crow go to the gym	To work on his caw strength.
Why black people are so tall	Because they're/their kNEe GROwS.
Q: Why shouldn't you bowl against a snake	A: Because snakes make lots of strikes.
Why don't you see elephants hiding in trees	They're really good at it.
Why did the boy carry a clock and a bird on Halloween	It was for 'tick or tweet' !
Why was the paranormal convention cancelled	Due to unforseen circumstances
Why did all the prisoners at the AT&amp;T jail escape	Because they had no bars on their cells!
Why did the Jamaican go to Syria	To get stoned
Why does the number 288 not come up in polite conversation	Because it's two gross.
Why can't melons get married	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the 3 year old go to jail	For resisting a rest.
Why did the star wars fan kill a blind man	Because he joined the dark side.
Why I dislike German sausages	They are the wurst.
Why did the Shitaki left the party	It was too crowded and there wasnt mushroom. It's a pitty he left... He is a funghi!
Why does santa have such a big sack	Cause he only comes once a year.
Why are so many racist jokes about black people	Because black people can't read. Duh. I'll show myself out.
Why did Jared go to a Goat farm	He heard there was lots of Kids there.
Why do Jewish men have to be circumcised	Because a Jewish women wont touch anything unless it's 20% off.
Why are pigs such great football fans	They're always rooting.
Why did the man break the clock	He wasn't comfortable with having that much time on his hands.
Why doesn't Dubai screen 'The Flintstones'	Because Abu Dhabi doooo.
Why didn't Frodo hide the ring up his ass	Because Sam would disappear.
Why does a fat man when squeezed compliment the ladies	Because the pressure makes him flatter.
Why did the feminist cross the road	To suck my dick
Why did the man vomit after eating Middle Eastern food	It made his stomach falafel.
Why do women fake orgasms	Because men fake foreplay.
Why are cats longer in the evening than they are in the morning	Because they're let out in the evening and taking in in the morning !
Why did the engineer put a clock under his desk	He wanted to work overtime.
Why do gingers always have such frizzy hair	You would too if you had no reflection.
Why can't Mexicans win the Olympics	Because every one that can run, jump or swim has already crossed the border.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	Because when she reaches 69, she gets a frog in her throat.
Why wouldn't you hire bears from Australia	Because they don't have the necessary koalafications. (Derived from: http://www.neatorama.com/2014/04/07/When-Animals-Argue/)
Why did the girl walk past her crush twice	He didn't believe in love at first sight.
Why did the yoga pants come in last place	They were bringing up the rear.
Why does Trump like French music	Because he likes to grab them by Debussy.
Why do women aged 40+ not play hide and seek	'cause nobody would be looking for them.
Why was President Banana of Zimbabwe elected	He had great appeal. - Courtesy of my dad.
Why isn't Hitler allowed at barbecues	Because he burns all the franks but leaves one undercooked.
Why do blonds have schools underwater.	Because deep down, they're not so stupid.
Why don't Arab women need Insurance	Because they are already covered.
Why does Reddit hate Pilipinos	Everybody hates Pilipinos.
Why did the podiatrist want to change careers	Because he always felt defeat.
Why don't birds ever wear underwear	Because their pecker is on their head.
Why was Michelangelo banned from bukakke porn	Cuz he could never paint dat mouth right
Why did the balloon go near the needle	.... Why did the balloon go near the needle? He wanted to be a pop star.
Q: Why do Mormon women stop having babies at 35	A: Because 36 would be too many.
Q: Why did the parasite listen to the clock	A: Because it liked the tick talk.
Why don't you buy Ukrainian underwear	Because cher-nob'll fall out
Why does the little Mermaid wear sea shells	Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big
Why did the scarecrow win an award	For being out standing in his field.
Why did the Yield Sign want to divorce the Stop Sign	He caught her in a 4-way
Why did the groom want his bride to wear white	He wanted his new dish washer to match his fridge.
Why don't Jewish cannibals eat Germans	Because they give them gas.
Why do carcinogens want to give us cancer so badly	Because they're trying asbestos they can.
Q: Why don't elephants go skinny dipping	A: They can't get their trunks off.
Why doesn't anyone like jelly donuts	They have fillings too...
Why did the male feminist take a cold shower	His other attempts to get his dick wet didn't work.
Why doesn't George RR Martin use twitter	Because he killed all 144 characters -stolen from /r/gameofthrones
Why don't orphans play hide and seek	Because no one will look for them.
Why did the artist throw his eraser away	Because it wasn't *kneaded*
Why do people who like bondage shy away from anonymous one-night stands	There's no strings attached.
Why were 80% of Chicago police dash cams broken	Because you need to warm up before you kill a nigga.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea	If they flew over the bay, they would be bay-gulls.
Why aren't their Mexican Olympics	Because all of the Mexicans that can run,jump,and swim are in America!
Why do they call it Almond Milk	Because if they called it Nut Juice nobody would buy it.
Why is stupid monster like a jack-o'-lantern	They both have empty heads.
Why can Kylie Jenner see right through Caitlin	She's trans-parent.
Why did Moses only go down on redheaded girls	He's into that burning bush.
Why didn't Jeffrey Dahmer eat vegetables	He didn't like getting rid of all the wheelchairs
Why did the teacher put the lights on	Because the class was so dim!
Why does Bono always wear those glasses	Because he still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Why is a coin factory so logical	Because it makes cents.
Why aren't digital images of Bob Marley scalable	Because they're all rasta graphics.
Why is titty fucking a girl the most romantic way to make love	Because it's when you're closest to her heart.
Why did Jesus die	He forgot his safe word.
Why do gay people dress so well	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing!
Why did the horseman put a saddle on a large  loaf of bread	It was a crusty steed!
Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning	They don't have balls to scratch!
Why No 1 likes Apple So there are some people in an electronics store and the computers are just Apple	Then someone farts and its bad,but someone says 2 bad there's no Windows
Why did the acid perform poorly	Because it didn't concentrate.
Why do you never see elephants hiding behind trees	Because they are very good at it.
Why are elephants large grey and wrinkly	Because if they were small round and white they would be  aspirins.
Why did the girl fall out of the swing	Because she has no arms
Why don't more dinosaurs join the police  force	They can't hide behind billboards.
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Because their pecker's on their face!
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	Because he was too far out, man.
Why did the chicken get himself run over by a car	To get to the ""other side"".
Why is six uncomfortable around seven	Because seven times seven was odd
Why do you duct tape guinea pigs	So they don't burst when you fuck them
Why is Peter Pan always flying	Because he neverlands.
Why is Santa Claus always a man	Because no woman will wear same dress year after year for same occasion.
Why were George and Lennie sad	(Of mice and men joke) Because they ran out of Weed :D
Why are the nordic countries the best countries to live in	Their flags are big plusses.
Q: Why did the blonde make love in the microwave	A: She wanted to have a baby in 9 minutes.
Why did Waldo go to therapy	To find himself.
Why did Darth Vader get suspended from the Police	He was under investigation for excessive use of Force
Why didn't Bono sell any wheat bread at his bakery	Cuz it's all rye, it's all rye, it's all rye.
Why are men like blenders	You need one, but you're not quite sure why.
Why hasn't Harper Lee had any kids	Because she's never spoonfed anyone anything.
Why is the African Justice System so flawed	Because there's too many *hung* juries.
Why did the condom fly out of the window	Because it was pissed off.
Why did the hearing aid saleman give it up for a life of piracy	Because he only made a good buccaneer.
Why was the driver fired from the destruction derby	He was accused of wreckless driving.
Why do women make better pilots than men	They only have one joystick to worry about.
[GOT SPOILER] Why shouldn't you ask Jon Snow what time it is	Because his watch has ended.
Why couldn't the blonde make icecubes	because she lost the recipe.
Why can't Asian parents make a white baby	Because two wongs don't make a white
Why were the inventors of the airplane correct in thinking they could fly	Because they were Wright.
Why did the condom fly across the room	It got pissed off.
Why did the condom fly across the room	It got pissed off!
Why is a bunny the luckiest animal in the world	It has 4 rabbits' feet.
Why did the friendzone kid love to spoon	Because sleeping on your side prevents suffocation
Why did Little Sally drop her ice cream cone	Because she got hit by a bus
Why is it that arms tell the funniest jokes	Because they are humerus
Why is there no 'Hot girls' guide to getting laid'	My phone number won't fill up an entire book.
Why did Hillary Clinton had her campaign chairman John Podesta send the crowd home from the Clinton HQ	She 'accidently' deleted the email with her consession speech.
Why did the fly fly	Because the spider spied'er. (SFW)
Why do blondes have bruises on their bellybuttons	Because blonde guys aren't that smart either
Why do melons always have church weddings	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did Adele leave the house	So she could say Hello from the outside.
Why do they call boats ""she""	Because the wives had to get on board somehow.
Why did the pig quit running the the marathon	He had a problem with his hamstring.
Why do SJWs hate Apple computers	Because they're not PC
Why do women over 40 don't play hide and seek	Because nobody is looking for them.
Why wasn't Cinderella good at sports	Because her coach was a pumpkin
Why are you so gay	Because you are happy.
Why did the scientist study soda	Because he was a physicist.
Why do blondes wear their hair up	To catch everything that goes over their heads.
Why is Joey Tribbiani a presenter on Top Gear	It makes no sense, he's not a good driver, he and all his friends are always stuck in second gear
Why are so many blind people religious	Because they just won't open their eyes!
Why couldn't the Dali Lama go out and play with his friends	Because he was grounded.
Why did the terrorist kill his wife on their anniversary	She got him the wrong kind of blowup doll.
Why should you never trust an atom	Because they make up everything..
Why did God create black men	So fat white girls could dance (and get laid).
Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors	Because if it had four it would be a sedan.
Why can't you trust snakes	They speak with forked tongues !
Why do lesbians go to modells	Because they don't like dicks
Why did Negan watch Arrested Development	Someone told him there were two Lucilles
Why can't you fool aborted babies	Because they weren't born yesterday.
Why do dwarves laugh when they run	The grass tickles their balls.
Why wasn't the vampire working	He was on his coffin break.
Why did the Pilgrims pants keep falling down	Because his belt buckle was on his hat ...
Why don't lobsters like to share	They're shellfish.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side!
Why are black people unable to get a Ph.D.	Because they can't get past their Masters.
Why doesn't ISIS attack Israel	Same reason children don't attack their parents...
Why cant Skrillex go fishing	...because he always drops the bass.
Why can't French people count to 5	Because there's a **tree** in the way.
Why does voldemort have flat face	He ran into wrong wall at train station
Why Do Philosophers Have Such Good Teeth	Because they philos all the time!
Why did the Australian pirate refuse lunch	Because he had Somalia.
Why don't you eat a girl the morning after sex	Have you tired pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwhich.
Why is gravity so weak	Because it doesn't lift
Why did the dolphin get a fair trial	Because Habeas Porpoise.
Why do heroine addicts rarely have meetings late in the afternoon	Because it's dangerous to shoot for 3 or even 4.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To say hello from the other side
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them	In loving memory of all the faces that were buried in there.
Why did 10 die	Cuz he was in the middle of 9/11
Why was Good Friday a favorite Nazi holiday	Because people all over the world celebrated the death of a Jew.
Why do meth addicts prefer to do it doggy style	So they can both look out the window.
Why do black guys have red eyes after sex	Pepper Spray.
Why did Johnny cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in a chicken.
Why couldn't Hillary win the election	Women only win .7 votes for every one a man wins.
Why couldn't Shah Rukh Khan enter America	... Because he wasn't an Amirkhan
Why did the kids not want to eat their pbj sandwiches	'Cause it had lead in them
Why you never mess with imported ants	Because they are **important**.
Why are crabs always so tired	It's because they only sleep in snatches.
Why don't women work as long and as hard as men in the office	They do it right first time.
Why do ducks have webbed feet	To stamp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stamp out burning ducks.
Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp	Because he was a cagey bee agent.
Why is a cat on a beach like Christmas	Because they both have ""Sandy claws"" !
Why are people who work in IT amazing at relationships and sex	When there is a problem they just turn them off and back on
Q: Why do bagpipers walk when they play	A: To get away from the noise.
Why didn't Sean Connery get his roof fixed	He said he ""couldn't find a shingle person to do it.
Why did the console gamer cross the road	To render the buildings on the other side.
Why are there no men's studies classes	World history already exists
Why do cowgirls have bow-legs	Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
Why is the letter ""O"" everywhere	Because it's a round U.
Why did the little girl fall off the swing	She didn't have any arms!!
Why didn't sine cross the road	Cosecant
Why did the lady poet go to the doctor	She had a Yeats Inflection
Why is OP's mum like a bowling ball	Because she gets picked up, fingered and thrown down an alley then still comes back for more.
Why did the bicycle fall over	It was two tired.
Why cant train drivers be sentenced to the electric chair	Because they're bad conductors.
Why are mexicans so predictable in Uno	Because they always wish for the green card
Why are there only seat belts in the end of the bus	Because #backlivesmatter
Why did the Kenyans win the marathon	They heard there was water at the end
Why do black people have white hands	There's a little good in everybody.
Why is there no Mexican olympics	because all the ones who can run, jump and swim have already crossed the border
Why did the chicken cross the road	She wanted to lay it on the line.
Why is Jesus Christ gay	Because he was nailed by guys.
Why couldn't the candle get any sleep	There's no rest for the wicked.
Why should you never invite a pig to join your  tug-of-war team	Pigs want to be pulled through the mudhole.
Why do old people read the Bible so much	Cramming for finals
Why was Tom Cruise hired by Volkswagen	Emission Impossible
Why Aren't There Riots When White People Get Killed	Because white people have work in the morning.
Why don't White Elephants run	because they Ele-cant....Can somebody explain this to me? (Seriously, I don't get it, is it like Elegant?)
Why does Kylo Ren have no friends	Because his whole life he's Ben Solo
Why are glow worms good to carry in your bag	They can lighten your load !
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven was a registered six offender
Why did the leper fail his driving test	He left his foot on the clutch.
Q: Why don't blondes like buttered  toast	A: They can't figure out which side the butter goes on.
Why did the Aggie think the weatherman got the  sunny forecast wrong	-The Aggie drove through a car wash
Why is it easy to defeat an army of suicide bombers	There are no experienced ones
Q: Why should you never run in front of a bus	A: You will get tired.
Why does Karl Marx not take milk in his tea	Because proper tea is theft.
Why did Hitler commit suicide	He saw the gas bill.
Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy	Because he thinks it doesn't matter if you make it or not
Why should you always bring charmander along when camping	Because he's the fire starter.
Why don't midgets ever get accepted into nudist colonies	They keep sticking their noses into everyone else's business.
Why don't people like gay soccer players	They score against their own team.
Why do French tanks have rearview mirrors	So they can see the battle.
Why did Carrie Fisher enjoy doing her one-woman show	Because she nailed that Solo.
Why did the vampire use mouthwash	Because he had bat breath
Why did Hillary go to the gynecologist	She was feelin' the Bern!
Why was E the only letter in the alphabet to get Christmas presents	Because the rest of the letters are not-E.
Q: Why do Chinese noodles make the best lovers	? A: Because they are 'Lo Mein-tenance' and they don't won a ton of attention. ...but then again, Italian noodles have great Penne-tration...
Why do turkeys always gobble	They haven't been taught good table manners!
Why did the girlfriend of a guy trying to pay down $20K in debt leave him	No eating out.
Why are the cops in Ferguson Steelers fans	Bullet train!
Why can't you shop in the UAE	There's nothing Dubai.
Why don't vampires like steak	Because it's bad for their heart.
Why don't Hindus ever have good luck after reincarnating	They always get buried in Indian burial grounds
Why don't Junior League debutantes like group sex	Too many Thank You notes to write.
Why did the Snowman pull his pants down	Because the snowblower was coming.
Why did Napoleon wear sleeves	For his armies
Why couldn't the pirate have gravy with his thanksgiving dinner	Because someone stole his boat.
Why does the hipster make crappy coffee	The beans are always under-ground.
Why do men like Haunted Bees	boobees ! :D I'll show myself out.
Why can't Africa have Volkswagen beetles	Because an elephant will screw anything with a trunk in the front. Thanks to a random guy outside of a 7/11.
Why did Captain Kirk go into the ladies  toilet	To boldly go where no man has been before !
Why the big pause................................	Said the man in the pub to the bear. First heard this joke told by Eddie Izzard.
Why does keeping tropical fish in your home have a calming effect on the brain	Because of the indoor fins.
Why did the fastest animal on earth got disqualified on the race	Because it is using steroids.
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled	because nobody made sandwiches
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because Popeye's is across the street and I prefer take-out to dine-in.
Why periods	Why can't mother nature just tweet me and be like ""Waddup girl. You ain't pregnant. Have a great week. Talk to you next month
Why don't Photons go to church on Sunday	Photons never have mass when at rest!
Why is Yoda afraid of seven	Because six seven eight.
Why would Superman have won any race he ran against Roy Roger's dog	Because he was faster than a speeding Bullet ...
Why does Snape teach options and not herbology	His lily died
Why should you always wear underwear in Ukraine	Otherwise Chernobyl Fallout.
Why Do Elephants Have Big Ears	Because Noddy won't pay the ransom!
Q: Why are doctors sued for malpractice at the beach	A: Because they are judged by a jury of their piers.
Why did the woman get stoned off her ass	Sharia Law.
Why do bees have sticky hair	Beacuse of the honey combs !
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Too many cheetahs
Why didn't the monk's clothes fit properly	Because he was cohabiting.
Why did the mean and mode laugh together	Because they had a co-median between them.
Why aren't Jewish people into rap	They can't drop dimes
Why is 6 afraid of 7...	Because 7 is a registered sex offender.
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in 3's	No tres passing
Why does Dr Pepper come in a can	Because his wife left him.
Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of  the window	He wanted to see a butterfly.
Why can't a blonde count to 70	Cause 69 is mouth full.
Why do rednecks like Halloween	Because they can Pump-Kin
Why Aren't SJW's Allowed In The Military	They are too trigger-happy.
Why did Lucy fall off the swing	Jimmy pushed her... Which is a shame because she was getting used to swinging without arms.
Why can the Cornish always lend a hand	They probably have a spare.
Why did the SpaceX rocket explode	because I don't love you anymore.
Why did the dog's owner think his dog was a great mathematician	When he asked the dog what six minus six was the dog said nothing.
Why do programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas	Because 25 DEC = 31 OCT.
Why did the little black kid start crying when he had diarrhea	He thought he was melting.
Why did the Koala Bear get a job	He was Koalified
Why did North Korea tell South Korea not to crow about the recent agreement	Because they'd rather see them raven. Obligatory apology: saw a headline and couldn't resist.
Why does Beyonce sing ""to the left, to the left	She's secretly a NASCAR fan.
Why did North Korea lose Internet	Because they switched to Comcast.
why are archaeologists so proud of their study	their work is always groundbreaking
Why didn't the fiddler have to pay for anything	Because it was all on the house
Why is 17 called the ""mother-in-law"" in black jack	Because you wanna hit it, but sometimes you cant.
Why am I against Donald Trump's wall idea	It will make fleeing to Mexico more difficult when he ruins our country.
Why dose the navy use liquid soap	Because it takes longer to pick up.
Why can't T-rex's clap	Cause they're dead.
Why does the Philippines ban rectal thermometers	They cause too much brain damage.
Why does Bill Clinton wear boxers in the winter time	To keep Hillary's chin warm!
Why is today John Philip Sousa Day	Because he told everyone to march fourth.
why do ghosts like elevators	it lifts their spirits
Why does Kim Jong Un love books	Because he's the glorious Reader
Why did the bean sell his car	The back seat didn't have enough legume.
Why did the feminist get fired from Subway	Because she refused to make a sandwich
Why did the Space Marine shoot the Tailor	The heretic kept crossing the warp
Why should you never ask people with Down Syndrome to use a printer	They always make an extra copy
Why don't black cops shoot unarmed white kids	Because they'd get in trouble.
Why couldn't the pig pay his bill	He was a little shoat.
Why are ET's eyes so big	He got the phone bill
Why can you trust a coffee roaster	Because he never spills the beans :-)
Why was the priest afraid of trigonometry	cos sin
Why won't the honeydew marry the watermelon	Because they cantaloupe..
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella everywhere he goes	Fo' Drizzle!
Why do so many Asians wear glasses	All that squinting gives them astigmatism
Why didn't Ahmadinejad have a beer	He wasn't in the MahMoud.
Why should you not trust atoms	They make up everything.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Why did the cross the road? To ge to the gay kids house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken.
Why is there no such thing as a great golfer	The best ones are consistently sub-par.
Why did the bad comedian visit the dominatrix	Because he was a sucker for Pun-ishment.
Why are gluten-free children so healthy	Because they're not inbred.
Why you shouldn't masturbate Dad: Son, you shouldn't masturbate otherwise you'll go blind	Son: Dad, I'm over here...
Why are black people good at basketball	Because they train hard....
Why can't a feminist shoot a gun	They can't handle the triggers.
Why did helium get into a fight with neon	They can't bond with each other, no matter how hard they try.
Why are gay men so well dressed	They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.
Why is a laundromat a bad place to pick up women	Because if she can't afford a washer and dryer, she will never be able to support your broke ass...
Why is DJ Khaled so good at music	He loves major keys.
Why was the Egyptian boy confused	His daddy was really a mummy.
Why did the whale like the  diver	Because he had flippers!
Why did Hitler prefer apples to oranges	He didn't like the juice.
Why do conspiracy theorists have such long beards	Because they don't know how to use Occam's razor
Why did the Smackhead kick the habit	He didn't like nuns.
Why can't you hear the pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because the 'p' is silent
Why is the suicide rate so low for Puerto Ricans	You can't jump out of a basement apartment.
Why are cats assholes	Because they are what they eat.
Why can't you tell jokes to a Nympho	Because they'll take them too hard.
[Dark Humor]Why is suicide illegal	Destruction of government property.
Why did religion cross the road	God is the answer.
Why'd the chicken cross the road	Because Pop'eyes couldn't use the same buildings as the former KFCs.
Why did the sand scream	Because the sea weed. ha.
Why did the scientist regret naming the organism ""Fungus""	Because after they hung out Gus was actually a pretty boring guy.
Why do people from finland have problems with sex	Because it's hard for them to Finnish.
Why are cows so famous	Because they're out-standing in their field.
Why did the number one go to jail	187
Why did the BDSM store get behind on its shipments	Bbecause they were all tied up...
Why did Adele cross the road	To say hello from the other SSSIIIIIIDDDDDEEEE
Why is safe sex a dumb idea	Because coat hangers are cheaper than condoms.
Why do Americans drink their tea cold	Because it takes too long to boil Boston Harbor.
Why does Popeye have the perfect dick	Because he's always dipping it in Olive Oyl.
Q: Why do blondes drive BMWs	A1: Because they can spell it. A2: Because they can spell BWM.
Why are Atheists so resistant to video game cheats	They don't believe in godmode
Why was the pedophile so excited by 23 year olds	There is 20 of them!!!
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree	Because it was dead.
Why don't they play poker in the savanna	because there are too many cheetahs. Thank you i will be here all day.
Why is the area between a woman's breast and hips called a waist	Because you can easily fit a second pair of boobs in there.
Why do computer programmers confuse Halloween and Christmas	Because OCT 31 = DEC 25
Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America	? Because Freedom rings! Happy Birthday U.S!
Why are females so moody when they're on their period	It's an ovary action.
Why did the guy cut a hole in his carpet	...He wanted to watch the floor show. And why did he cover it back up? ...He realized that he didn't want to watch the ""hole"" show.
Why did H kill itself	Because the G-had!
Why did the farmer get nominated for an award	Because he was outstanding in his field. Why didn't the farmer make it to the award ceremony? Because he was out standing in his field.
Why does everybody hate tampons	They're stuck up bitches.
Why don't gangsters play quidditch	They always just kill the snitch.
Why is Bernie Sanders' campaign like Jon Snow	(Game of Thrones spoilers) They're both ""dead.
Why didn't the Soviet Union send Cosmonauts to the Moon	In case they didn't want to come back.
Why was the church opposed to fire on torches	It was heat-on-a-stick.
Why doesn't Pacman use Twitter	He doesn't like being followed.
Why did the chicken cross the rhoad	.. To get to the other island.
Why are gay men so creative	They think outside the box.
why don't spiders go to school..	Because they learn everything on web. :( i know i suck at jokes.
Why do mathematician never go to the beach	Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan
Why don't you ever see rich people wearing glasses	They're always around so many karats.
Why did the clown go to the doctor	Because he felt funny. (I can't take credit for this joke, my boss's 8y/o son came up with it.)
Why don't blind people go skydiving	Because it scares the shit out of the dog.
Why did the firefly keep stealing things	What goes ""snap crackle and pop"" ? A firefly with a short circuit !
Why was Mary's phone bill so high	She was a roamin' catholic.
Why do you never see any gay Egyptian Sailors	Because they're all in de Nile.
Why was Star Wars shot Episodes 4, 5, 6, then 1, 2, 3	Because in charge of directing, Yoda was
Q: Why did the turkey cross the road	A: To prove he wasn't chicken.
Why can't Jesus roller skate	Because he's naild to a cross.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they...lactose... I'm sorry.
Why are all the streets in Paris lined with trees	Because Nazis prefer to march in the shade.
Why was I sentenced to 1 year in prison with 6 months probation after killing a nigger	On charges of impersonating a police officer.
Why are all black people fast	They aren't... The slow ones are in jail
Why did the bacteria cross the microscope	To get to the other slide! Courtesy of one of my Biology students
Why is the archaeologist sad	Because his career is in ruins.
Why isn't there a Price is Right porn yet	Nobody's willing to cum on down
Why couldn't the ex-CIA agent leave Russia	Because he was Snowden
Why did the human cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why is Batman so jealous of Superman	Because he has 3 dead parents and Bruce only has 2
Why couldn't the skeleton cross the road	Because the didn't have the guts to do it.
Why are there no walmarts in Iraq	Because there is a target on every corner,
Why the dwarves surf in the kitchen	Because it has microwaves
Why do New Zealand farmers now wear kilts	Because the sheep have gotten used to the sound of zippers
Why do java programmers need to wear glasses	Because they can't C#!
Why does the Pope kiss the ground when he gets off his plane	You would too if you had to fly Alitalia.
Why did the German baker claim on his insurance at Christmas	Because his bread was stollen!!!
Why are women and children evacuated first in an emergency	So the men can think of a solution in silence.
Why cant a Mexican man sleep with three women at once	Fear of over dos
Why cant you make fun of Chinese people	Because its just wong
Why do few black people have a PhD	They have trouble getting past their masters.
Why did the Rabbi stop buying beer	Hebrewed his own
Why do rednecks like the doggie position	That way they can both watch wrestling.
Why is Junkrat a feminist's favorite class in Overwatch	TRIGGERED
Why are there no casinos in China	Because the Chinese don't like Tibet...
Why do Native Americans hate snow	Because it's white and on their land.
Why is Paula Deen's restaurant called ""Paula Deen's Kitchen""	Because the name ""White Castle"" was already taken
Why did the ghost get in the elevator	to raise his spirits
Why are manhole covers round	Because if they were square, you couldn't play twiddlywinks with them.
Why don't oysters like to share	Because they're shellfish.
Why was Noah a great economist	He kept his stock afloat while everything else was in liquidation.
Why do they want to change the faces on dollars but not on coins	Because the only constant is change.
Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to Windows 10	They revived to much XP
Why did God make four cheeks in the human body	he made an ass of the first two.
Why did the mushroom go to the party	Because he was a fungi!
Why did the updraft get pulled over	-It was speeding in a high shear zone
Why are Subway footlongs only 11 inches	Because Jared likes his meat in smaller buns.
Why do all the trees in Wisconsin lean west	Minnesota sucks.
Why does a Canadian with a stutter never run low on batteries	He always has plenty of double ""eh""s, triple ""eh""s...
Why is the camel called the ship of the desert	[NSFW] Because it's full of Arab seamen.
Why can't Indians drive cars	It's impossible to reach the pedals whilst sitting Indian style
Why did the pig avoid the cooking class	Because he didn't like bakin
Why do the /r/jokes moderators like chess	It's the only chance they have to mate.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue when he drank his coffee	....Because he drank it before it was cool.
Why is the dyslexic afraid of Christmas	Because that's when Satan comes.
Why don't suicide bombers bathe	Because they are preparing a stink bomb
Why was the broom late for school	It over-swept
Why do the ladies love Jesus	Because he was hung like this! (spread arms out)
Why did the blonde starve to death	Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, ""Do not eat.
Why do all polish names end in SKI	They can't spell TOBOGGAN !
Why do tweekers do it doggie style	Son they can both look out the window.
Why do optometrists enjoy nautical jokes	They have a good sense of aqueous humor.
Why do Mexicans make refried beans	Ever heard of a Mexican doing something right the first time
Why did Bin Laden stop having sex	Every time he looked between a woman's legs, he saw Bush.
Why has the Trump circle jerk gotten so out of control	Because centipedes have 100 arms.
Why Kobe's Still Married Kobe: What do you want for your birthday this year	Vanessa: I want a divorce! Kobe: I wasn't planning on spending that much this year. Here's another ring.
Why did so many blacks die in Vietnam	Every time someone said ""Get down!"" they jumped up and started dancing.
Why don't Americans get knock knock jokes	FREEDOM RINGS
Why did the L.A. riots last only 4 days	Everyone knows black people can't work a full week.
Why are orphans so bad at poker...	they don't know what a full house is
Why didn't the native Americans go out to dinner	They lost their reservations.
Why did the hoover not make the football team	Because he sucked With love and sexy things from Jaques x
why is Charmin trying to get us comfortable with bears	HELLO THEY EAT PEOPLE
Why did the brain cell go to the other side of the brain	I don't know. It hadn't really crossed my mind.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs
Why did Jared stop eating subway	(NSFW) Because now he prefers cheese pizza
Why does a pterodactyl always urinate on the side of the bowl	Because the pee is silent.
Why did Native Americans stop sharing peace-pipes with settlers	They noticed the settlers were always blowing smoke out their ass.
Why did the melon get married in a church	Because he was in love with a cantaloupe.
Why was epsilon afraid of zeta	Because zeta eta theta.
Why are there no coup d'etat in the United States	Because there is no U.S. embassy there.
Why don't tampons talk to maxi-pads	Because they're stuck-up cunts.
Why did the couch give the table a dollar	Because it was for chair-ity
Why did the gay man dress so well	He didn't spend all that time in the closet for nothing
Why did the chicken say, ""In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit...""	Because the chicken crossed the road.
Why is 9 afraid of 7	Because 7 ate a bunch of PCP and is going apeshit!
Why did Liberace like playing the piano	Because he sucked on the organ.
Why did the chicken get a strike	Because it was a fowl.
Why did the computer crash	It had a bad driver!
Why is Chuck Norris still alive	## Because he's afraid of meeting Bruce Lee on the other side! Credit: Saw the comment in this [tribute video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8wL3AA4BP0) [1:55]
Why did I go to the dentist at an Indian Reservation	To get some Sioux veneers
Why can you not shower with a Pokemon	Because they'll Pikachu
Why did the guy get aroused by the highway	Because there were lots of turn ons.
Why did Steve Jobs die too soon	Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Q: Why did my wife cross the road	A: To fuck some dude (sorry my jokes haven't been as funny since I found out about my wife's affair)
Why do ghosts eat more sandwiches than bears	Because there's more sandwiches in your fridge. };)
Why should you use six hooks on your fishing  line	eFISHancy!
Why was Doughman the only hero to rise up and help	because he was kneaded.
Why do electricians make good mediators	Because they're good at finding common ground.
Why was christopher never in the same place	Because he's always Walken
Why are Paris's streets lined with trees	German soldiers like to march in the shade.
Why did the Broadway star with a tiny butt get evicted	Because he was a little behind on Rent!
Why are bad jokes like dead babies	Usually, something went wrong with the delivery.
Why couldn't the whore house build a second story	To much fucking overhead
Q: Why were screams coming from the kitchen	A: The cook was beating the eggs.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70	Because every time she gets to 69 she gets a little frog stuck in her throat.
Why was the school grey	Because it was a Greyed School. I woke up with this joke in my head this morning. I think my brain is trying to kill me with horrible puns.
Why can't horses fix merry go rounds	They'd be terrified
Why did the white girl die of alkalosis	Because she was too basic
Why can't a blonde dial 911	Because she can't find the eleven.
Why do black people eat tootsie rolls with a fork	So they don't bite their fingers
Why did the skeleton cross the road	because fuck you thats why.
Why didn't the approaching black hole concern the astronaut	He didn't understand the gravity of the situation.
Why is an old car like a baby playing	Because it goes with a rattle.
Why don't you remove those barriers to imports	It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago	Because 'Illinois you!
Why is divorce so expensive	... because it's worth it.
Why did the cultists adopt a dead child	They wanted to raise the dead.
Why are there so many jumpshots in the WNBA	Because women can't drive
Why do so many new brides get crow's feet as soon as they're married	From squinting and saying, ""Suck what?
Why doesn't Sweden export it's cattle	It wants to keep it's Stockholm!
Why is an Alabama divorce like a tornado	One way or the other someone is losing a trailer.
Why does the monster act wild and crazy on his birthday	He's trying to age disgracefully!
Why were the baker's hands smelly	He kneaded a poo
Why were the ancient Greeks considered so brave on the battlefield	They didn't want to leave their brothers behind.
Why can't Black Beard use the N-word	He always says it with a hard ""arrr.
Why do they call it a Wonderbra	Because you take it off and wonder where their tits went.
Why does the letter A look like a flower	Because Bs like flowers.
Why did the 16 year old girl get pregnant	She went to Jared.
Why do women and children evacuate first in an emergency	So the men can go on Reddit and repost this joke.
Why couldn't the monk who flew a helicopter understand the monk who flew commercial jets	Because he was on a higher plane.
Why shouldn't you buy trousers from northern Ukraine	Chernobyl fall out.
Why did the vegetable kill himself	He didn't carrot all.
Why was little Jimmy fishing in the well	Because Tom had previously drowned in the well and everyone said ""Tom is sleeping with the fishes.
Why do chemists enjoy working with ammonia	Because it's pretty basic stuff.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	7 is black.
Why are Sharks the only species that get their own week	I'd totally watch hermit crab week if they had one.
Why did the toilet want to start a rebellion	Because he was a slave to the cistern!
Why did the kidnapped clock always read 12:00	His hands were tied.
Why did the pig go into the kitchen	It felt like bacon.
Why wouldn't Hillary Clinton let Bill be her IT manager	She was too worried how often the servers would go down on him.
Why are doctors always calm	They have a lot of patients. Sorry.
Why did the chickens cross the road	Because they were Turkish.
Why is the Joker's makeup like a whitewashed tomb, his lips like torn paper, his eyes like burning suns	Because when he was young, the Joker's father said ""Let's put a simile on that face!
Why does the baker bake	Because he kneads the dough.
Why are the news media like a prostitute	Because they are good at making stuff up.
Why did the shark go to the doctors	Because he didn't feel very whale
Why does Pinnochio always get an erection when he's in a forest	Because he has a woodpecker!
Why don't the circus lions eat the clowns	They taste funny!
Why did the left shoe marry the right	Because they were ""sole""-mates :)
Why did the chicken cross the road	I don't fuckin know, maybe if you didn't run him over we could ask him.
Why don't you ever see hippopotamus hiding in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why aren't snowmen called snow women	Because they're in the kitchen melting.
Why does Wally (Waldo) always wear stripes	Because he doesn't want to be spotted! I'll let myself out.
Why did the calculus students get arrested	For drinking and deriving.
Why do adults like Legos so much, when they grow old	They can't lego of their childhood. Tell some more Lego puns, here!
Why can't Helen Keller drive....	Because she's a woman.
Why does Santa have such a big sack	He only cums once a year
Why are girls always cold	Because of their cold black hearts.
Why don't blind people go skydiving	It scares the shit out of the dogs.
Why don't people name their kids 'Napoleon'	It's too complex
Why couldn't Biggy or Tupac ever get decent internet on their phones	They were just 2G's
Why was the diamond depressed	He had been under a lot of pressure lately.
Why did the brake pedal see a therapist	Because it was depressed.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender.
Why was the scarecrow promoted	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why are Pirates pirates	?? Because they ARRRRR
Why did the ""H"" kill himself	Because the ""G"" had...
Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware party	He wanted a tight seal.
Why did the physicist throw out his shag rug	He assumed the lawnmower was a vacuum
Why did the cowboy get a wiener dog	He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why can you always trust a bee without wings	Because it's down to earth.
Why is it bad for blind people to skydive	It scares the hell out of the dog
Why was lil' Wayne tired after programming	He did too much coding.
Q: Why did the kid punch the bed	A: His mother told him to hit the hay.
Why did the melons get married in a church	Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the chicken go to the seance	To get to the other side.
Why can't the French cook two eggs	Because one egg is *un oeuf*
Why does the ocean have water	Because the sky is *blue*
Why do you put a fence around a graveyard	Because people are dying to get in!
Why do I watch the Cosby show	I enjoy dark humour. Yes, this was both a rapist and racial joke.
Why did the police chief hate going into the basement	Because it was beneath his station. :P
Q: Why do women wear makeup and perfume	A: Because they're ugly and they smell bad.
Why is every boob job the same	Two round boobs. Switch it up ladies. Someone get two Belgian waffles or something.
Why isn't there a college in the world of Harry Potter	Because even Magic can't pay your college Loan
Why did the chicken cross the road	(NSFW) To suck the cock
Why is George Bush always on the bottom when having sex	Because he can only fuck up!
Why was the communist school not successful	There were no classes
Why was the toilet paper in East Germany so harshly	So every asshole would turn red.
Why doesn't the man with an extra penis have any friends	He's too cocky.
Why does Snow White turns yellow when she's angry instead of red	because she's pissed.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles	Because he's a fucking creep
Why is the sea so salty	because the land won't wave back.
Why are flowering plants such good test takers	Because they have all of the anthers!
why don't you see elephants hiding in the trees that often	because they're really fucking good at it
Why are there so many female archaeologists	Because women love digging up old shit.
Why did the skeleton cross the road	He never crossed the road, he didn't have the guts to do it.
Why Can't A Bike Stand On Its Own	It's two-tired!
Why wouldn't the man dance	His pants had no ballroom.
Why did Mary Magdalen love Jesus	*Spreads arms* Because he was hung like this
Why did the duck cross the playground	To get to the other slide.
Why did a scientist disconnect his doorbell	because he wanted to win the No-bell prize!! Sorry, I ll walk out
Why does Spider-Man only drink Kool-aid	Because with grape powder comes great responsibility.
Why won't the members of the Westboro Baptist Church drink whole milk	Because it's Homo.
Why are hipsters the oldest known form of life	They were on the Earth before it was cool.
Why was the washing machine laughing	Because it was taking the piss out of the pants
Why were the Indians here first	Because they had reservations.
Why should you never high five someone in the gallows...	Because they always leave you hang'n
Why did 10 die	He was in the middle of 9/11
Why would Batman always beat Superman	because, being rich, Bruce Wayne can ride a horse properly.
Why couldn't the two testes be friends	Because of the vas deferens.
Why did the prostitute cross the road	To go to the motel with her client so they could have some fucking privacy.
Why doesn't the veteran have a blow-up sex doll	Because of the flashbacks.
Why are the twin towers and genders so similar	Because there used to be two of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.
Why is physics inherently racist	There's only two types of bodies: the free body and the black body.
Why do you never see black people on cruises	They're not falling for that one again!!
Why did the hipster drown, when he was iceskating	He was skating before it was cool
Why couldn't the chicken cross the road	Because he got hit by a car.
Why was the black man selling drugs	He was a pharmacist.
Why did Microsoft go straight from Windows 8 to Windows 10	BECAUSE SEVEN ATE NINE *drops mic*
Why does Waldo wear stripes	Because he didn't want to be spotted!
Why are all black people fast	The slow ones got caught.
Why did the scarecrow get an award	Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why did the bigamist cross the road	To get to the other bride.
Why does Donald Trump put his name on his buildings	So the banks know which ones to seize
Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards off the boat	Because if they went forward they'd be in the boat
Why did Jon lick the cat's butt	Because the dog was busy
Why are black people afraid of high fives	They don't want to be left hanging
Why is a Mexican midget called 'a paragraph'	Because he's not a full ese.
Why does it suck to be an egg	You have to share a room with 11 guys. And it takes you 4 minute to get hard and 2 minute to get soft. The worst part? The only woman that sits on your face is your mom.
Why can kangaroos jump higher than a house	Because a house can't jump.
Why did the scarecrow receive a Nobel Prize	He was outstanding in his field.
Why did Saddam Hussein never have sex	....because he was afraid he'd see Bush.
Why did the duck go to the basketball game	He heard the ref was blowing fouls!
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft	Because classical conditioning!
Why did the clock phone the ruler	Because desperate times call for desperate measures....
Why do jews have big noses	because the air is free
Why does the can crusher hate his job	Because it's soda pressing.
Why did the Country Bear Jamboree bear blush	Because he was a bear a-singing. ..... I am at Disney with the kids this week...
Why do women watch porn movies from start to finish	They think there will be a wedding at the end.
Why do politicians spend so much time at playgrounds	Because it's a great place to pick up swing voters.
Why do blondes have one more brain cell than cows	... So when you pull on a blonde's tit, she doesn't s**t on the floor.
Why are blondes so good with odd numbers	Because they, like, can't even!
Why are Jewish Men Circumcised	Because Jewish Women won't buy anything unless it's 25% off. You're welcome Reddit
Why did Jesus leave the dance floor	Because it was Hammertime'
Why did the cowboy get a Dachshund	Because he wanted to get a loooong little doggie.
Why do midgets have bad breath	Because their asses are closer to their mouths.
Why bother drinking water	You're just gonna pee it out. This is what Big Water doesn't want you to know.
Why was the hipster wearing a scarf during the summer	He liked wearing scarves before it got cool.
Why did Hitler fail math in high school	Because he could never get to the Final Solution.
Q: Why did Bill and Hillary send Chelsea to a private school	A: If they sent her to a public school the secret service would be out-gunned!
Q: Why did the man tear a page out of the calendar	A: He wanted to take a month off.
Why did the man use a pair of scissors on the rope	The knife just wasn't cutting it.
Why is Bruce Wayne's hair messed up	Because of his cowlick.
Why are they called jokes	Because calling them republican presidential candidates would make me cry.
Why did Mr. Steaks decide he would take his wife's surname	Because he didn't want his daughters to be called Ms. Steaks.
Why did MacDonald's ban Tumblr	Because they don't serve Trans-Fats.
Why do lesbians only shop at REI	Because they don't like Dick's.
Why the chicken cross the road	To look for his cock.
Why is it not a good idea to tell your parents about your failures while they are on an elevator	It would cause them to be disappointed on many different levels.
Why did the girl loaf of stale bread slap the boy loaf of stale bread	Because he tried to get fresh.
Why did Yellow divorce Green	Because Green blue Indigo.
Why is the ocean salty	Because the land never waves back.
Why do Belgians eat their french fries out of a funnel	They never want to lose a brown one once they've been burned
Why is it important for pious Muslim girls to wear the hijab	So that the semen doesn't keep getting in their hair.
Why did the music student have a piano in the  bathroom	Because he was practicing Handel's Water Music.
Why does Helen Keller play piano with only one hand	Because she uses the other one to sing
Why did the mountain climber quit halfway through his climb	He really wasn't feeling up to it.
Why are powerpuff girls sad	[Nsfw] Because they neither have boyfriends nor fingers
Why did God bless Texas	He didn't want to upset Chuck Norris.
Why does Edward Woodwood have four D's in his name	Because otherwise his name would be E-war Woo-woo.
Why do fish live in salt water	Because pepper makes them sneeze. My 8 y/o daughter told me this joke.
Why was the blonde nymphomaniac sad after she got her driver's license	She got an F in sex.
Why aren't there any pedophiles in Japan	Because they learned what happens when you touch a little boy.
Why are gametes used in big marketing campaigns	Because sex cells
Why do Butchers don't risk it all in life	Because the Steaks are too high.
Why do Norwegians drive Chevys	They're afraid of drowning in a Fjord.
Why do Europeans hate American food	Europeans don't want to die yet. Unlike Americans who don't wanna diet.
Why was the A.I. afraid of instagram	post-upload skepticism
Why can't Hellen Keller drive	Because she's a woman.
Why did Jimmy drop his icecream	He got hit by a bus!
Why do American tourists talk so loudly	So that they can hear each other over their clothes
Why is it good to have a blonde passenger	You can park in the handicap zone.
Why do some people like to date pessimists	All that salt must make them thirsty.
Why do girls who use Tumblr work so many odd jobs	Because they literally can't even.
Why don't Natives like snow	Because it's white, and it's on their land.
Why is Perfume so cheap	Because its only worth one scent!
Why did the chicken cross the road	because North Korean missiles cant go that far
Q: Why did the gorilla fall out of the tree	A: Because it was dead.
Why couldn't you hear the pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the pterodactyl is extinct.
Why do people never see an Apple store getting robbed	It doesn't have windows.
Why cant college students take exams at the zoo	Too many cheetahs
Why is it called an ""almond"" in the tree but an ""amond"" when it falls to the ground	When it falls to the ground, it knocks the 'ell out of it.
Why is the ocean blue	Because all the fish in there goes ""bloo bloo bloo
why did the hipster burn his mouth drinking coffee	he drank it before it was cool.
Why don't orphans play baseball	They don't know where home is
Why does Stevie Wonder smile	Because he's better than you.
Why did the diabetic win the weight lifting competition	Because he was so good at pumping.
Why does Harrison Ford run from Wesley Snipes	Because he's the Blade Runner.
Why was the magnet seeing the Psychiatrist	Because it was bipolar.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because it's free range bitch!
Why is the US terrible at league of legends	Because they can't protect their towers.
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant	...because Ken comes in a separate box.
Why haven't Women landed on the Moon	- Because it doesn't need cleaning yet!
Why are Jews noses so big	Because air is free.
Why can't you hear Django Freeman have sex	*The D is silent*
Why Do Farts Smell	So deaf people can enjoy them too!
Why did the broken straw go to rehab	It had a serious drinking problem.
Why are lawyers always buried 15 feet deep	Because deep down they're good people.
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road..	**Because he got stuck in the crack.**
Why do managers like pizza	It comes out of the box
Why should you never shout at a pirate	Because it hurts their buccaneers. (Sorry it's lame, I just made it up)
Why do squirrels swim on their back	to keep their nuts dry.
Why did the blind lady fall into the well	Because... she couldn't see that well.
Why did the Jew prefer to sleep in the dark	Because the lights in his house were contolled by a switch
Why did the spreadsheets get divorced	They just couldn't sort things out.
Why do teenage girls travel in odd-numbered groups	Because they can't even.
Why don't sharks eat niggers	They think it's whale shit.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office	You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Why is the ocean always wet	Because wherever she is, she's always getting rode.
Q: Why did the dog cross the road	- A: Because it  was the chickens day off.
Why are mods the worst	[Removed]
Why are periods called ""Aunt Flo""	Because for 3-5 days, it's a PROGRESSIVE pain in the ass.
Why's the camel considered the submarine of the desert	Because they're filled with iraqi semen
why can,t you trust a Atom	Because thay make up every thing
Why doesn't Usain Bolt have a girlfriend	Because he's literally the fastest man on earth (get it cuz sex)
Why don't blind people skydive	cos it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why was Samuel L. Jackson picking up ladies outside of the abortion clinic	Because he's a bad mother fucker.
Why are blacksmiths seen as very nosy	Because the are always metal-ing.
Why was the beaver mad	because no one came to his damn party.
Why did the cannibal break up with his girlfriend	She didn't suit his taste!
Why does it go from Windows 8 to 10	Because Windows 7 8 9
Why are rubber tires black	So the police know what to shoot at during a chase
Why did the fruit leave office	because he was imPEACHED! lol. i hate myself.
Why does mowgli run away from Shere Khan	Islamophobia.
Why Won't Monica Lewinski vote for Hillary	The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth
Why did the boy drip his ice cream	He got hit by a bus.
Why was the programmer unhappy at his job	He wanted arrays. It had to be reiterated several times before it was sorted out.
Why are black people so tall	Because their knee grows!
Why does Oedipus hate profanity	He kisses his mother with that mouth.
Why are black people so tall	Because their knee grows.
Why is a day at the office the same as Christmas	Because you do all the work, and the fat guy with the suit gets all of the credit.
Why do the English always carry umbrellas	Because umbrellas can't walk
Why are DJ's called 'radio personalities'	Because if they had the looks they'd be on TV.
Why don't people raid dodo nests anymore	Because their eggs stinked!
Why couldn't the Coast Guard save the hippie	Because he was wayyy far out man.
Why do Canadians prefer their jokes in hexidecimal	Because 7 8 9 A
Why little girls can't fart Do you know why little girls can't fart	Because they don't get a**holes until they get married.
Why does Paris have the best theaters	The audience is always dead quiet.... Looks like i'm going to hell.
Why should you never mess with an angry dysentery patient	They lose their shit over the smallest things!
Why did all the black people die in the war	Because when they captain said, ""GET DOWN!"" They all started dancing..
Why were the Boston Marathon Bombings worse than Hitler	(OFFENSIVE) Because they actually managed to end a race.
why are the new york jets like hillary clinton	both have Bills to push around
Why doesn't god like bacon	Because he isn't real.
Why did the chicken cross the road	I don't care now and I probably won't care later.
Why did Karl Marx dislike Earl Grey	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why are Austalian grocery stores the best	Because of their Koala Tea
Why do cats and dogs lick their own genitals	Because they can reach.
Why did you name your son Tinnitus	I don't know, me and my wife just thought it had a nice ring to it.
Why did the leper crash his car	He left his foot on the accelerator.
Why does the Coast Guard have ultraviolet lights	To help them find missing sea men.
Why did the boxer bring a bar of soap into the ring	The referee said he wanted a clean fight. :D
Why does santa have no children	He only comes once a year and thats down the chimney.
Why does Anders Brevik oppose gassing the Muslims	Because he knows it's a waste of time, it's impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower
Why do blacks wear white gloves	So they don't bite their fingers eating tootsie rolls.
Why is time wary of mathematicians	They're always plotting against it.
Why is Japan the only country to celebrate the Penis	Because it's kawaii.
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft	He conditioned it.
Why do engineers confuse Christmas and Halloween	Because OCT 31= DEC 25
Why do the ladies love Jesus	He's hung like this. (Stretch out arms.) Really one that you have to tell in person, but it's my favorite.
Why are criminals so good at basketball	They shoot first and ask questions later.
Q: Why can't Ray Charles see his friends	A: Because he's married.
Why was the transvestite always angry	cross-dressing
why did the Mexican man push his wife off of a clif	to-quila
Why does Edward Woodward have so many Ds in his name	Because if he didn't, he'd be called Ewar Woowar.
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children	Because he only comes once a year, and when he does it's down the chimney.
Why wasn't Euro Disney popular	Every time they set off the fireworks, the French surrendered.
Why did Hillary go to the OB/GYN	She was feelin' the Bern!
Why is it a bad idea for two butt cheeks to get married Why is it a bad idea for two butt cheeks to get married	Because they part for every little shit.
Q: Why did the banana put on sun-tan lotion	A: To keep from peeling.
Why is Bud light kinda like making love on a canoe	Because it's like fucking close to water.
Why did the baker have smelly hands	Because he kneaded a poo.
Why was six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered six offender.
Why don't the polls like Donald Trump	Because he wants to send them back to Poland
Why did the little kid dance on the jar of jam	Because the top said ""Twist to open.
Why are there no casinos in Africa	There are too many cheetahs.
Why is dog man's best friend	Because it's the only way to have a bitch that doesn't talk.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road	He didn't have the guts.
Why did the elephant paint himself with different colours	Because he wanted to hide in the colouring box !
Why are Indians the best pizza makers	Because they always do the kneedful.
why are black people fast	all the slow ones are in jail
Why did the Chicken Cross the Basketball Court	He Heard the Ref was Blowing Fouls
Why did the dog chase the bulldozer	It doesn't like Cats.
Why can't Chinese people have white babies	Because two wongs don't make a white.
Why do Marxists drink herbal tea	Because all proper tea is theft.
Why couldn't Cinderella play football very well	Her coach was a pumpkin
Why does Michael Jackson love placing 2nd in races	Because he loves coming in a little behind
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Cuz there's too many cheetahs.
Why did the cookie not laugh at your joke	Because it was crumby.
Why did some snakes disobey Noah when he said  ""Go forth and multiply""	They couldn't they were adders !
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive a car	because she was a woman!
Why is Jesus Christ so buff	Crossfit
Why do blind people not skydive	Scares the living shit outa their dogs!
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas	Because Oct 31 is Dec 25
Why was the man arrested for looking at sets of dentures in a dentist's window	Because it was against the law to pick your teeth in public.
Why can't someone who wears glasses get a job	They don't have any contacts!
Why can't men be accountants	because they don't understand periods
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render buildings on the other side.
Why don't plumbers like to work on instant hot water heaters	It's a tankless job!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees	... They're really good at it.
Why are there no mexican in the olympics	Because any Mexican that can run, jump or swim is in america!
Why don't whales eat sushi very often	Of course whales like sushi. It's just those itty-bitty chop sticks that keep getting stuck in their teeth.
Why are giraffes' necks so long	Because their heads are so far away from their bodies.
Why did the lebo cross the road	To fuck a chicken Why did 20 lebo's cross the road? Cause the chicken was winning
Why will global warming eventually confuse women trying to reach orgasm	Because it will constantly be changing the position of the clittoral.
Why did the undercover cop pose as a waiter	So he could protect and serve.
Why can't Ross &amp; Phoebe ever drown	Because David Schwimmer and Lisa Kudrow.
Why didn't Drake head on down to South Park	He would never leave his woes behind.
Why didn't the President fight with the chair	Because we don't negotiate with chair-orrists.
Why did the dog lose the lawsuit	It was a shih-tzu
Why does Mexico never do well in the Olympics	Anyone who can run, jump or swim is already over the border
Why doesn't Santa have any kids	He only comes once a year, and its own the chimney.
Why do you give children who swallowed poison some milk	To make them happy before they die.
Why did the Ape jump off the building	He wanted to show the world the stuff he was made of!
Why did the TSA hire a dentist	to help with the cavity searches
Why did the chicken cross my wife	Because I ran her over in the street.
Why are linux geeks very introvertish	Because they never get out of their shell
Why couldn't the teller comprehend the bank robber	He was bad at stickup lines.
Q: Why does everyone love cats	- A: They're purr-fect!
Why was he woman arrested on a cattle ranch for wearing a silk dress	She was charged with rustling!
Why did the chicken cross the road	To complete the joke.
Why did the rooster cross the road	To prove it wasn't a chicken!
Why dogs are called K9	Because cats are K10
Why was the peanut rushed to the hospital	He was a""salted
Why do divers fall backwards from boats	Because if they fell forward they'd still be in it!
Why did the console gamer cross the street	To render the rest of the buildings
Why was the terrorist masturbating on the plane	He was hijacking it.
Why do terrorists recruit married men as suicide bombers	They're easier to convince.
Why do French tanks have rear-view mirrors	So they can see the battle.
Why do Irish stew recipes only call for 239 beans	Because one more, and it would be too-farty.
Why doesn't a rooster wear pants	Because his pecker is on his head
Why do girls generally go to the bathroom in groups	'Cause they're a bunch of pussies.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I put the wrong socks on this morning
Why did Trump insist on Hillary Clinton as Secretary of state	He doesn't believe women should get above secretary
Why do French people only ever have one egg for breakfast	Because one egg is *un uf*
Why are old printers so musical	Because they are prone to jamming.
Why do some accountants decide to become actuaries	They find bookkeeping too exciting.
Why did Ahmed Mohamed put his clock in a pencil case	because pipe clock would have just been stupid.
Why was the Japanese man so careful when walking in his house	It was made of pranks.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee	Because his barista fucking hastes hipsters.
Why Ahmed made a clock	To know when to blow up
Why did a hungry African man crossed the road	To get the aids.
Why couldn't the snake charmer charm his snake	He had a reptile dysfunction
Why is your nose in the middle of your face	Because its the scenter.
Why don't Syrian Refugees play baseball	because they don't know where home is
Why the letter ""G"" is scary	???? In one fine evening it can turn your host into . . . GHOST.
Why are computers in Palestine really fast	Because they've got Ramallah.
Why did God give women yeast infections	That way they know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt.
Why do mice have such small balls	Because very few of them know how to dance.
Why did cavemen drag their women around by the hair	Because if they dragged them by the ankles, they'd fill up with muck.
Why do women fake orgasms	Because they think we care.
Why does Santa never visit Jewish families on Christmas	Jew's houses dont have chimneys, they already fell for going into a house with them once! [NSFW]
Why did the chicken cross the road	Not sure but I ran over the fucker in my Toyota Yaris.
Why was the sterile Grizzly upset	Because he couldn't Bear children.
Why is there no Asian Isaac Newton	He sat under the durian tree.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat	If they went forward they would fall into the boat.
Why is it so difficult to call Chinese people	There's so many wings it's easy to wing the wong number.
Why did the woman fall into the well	She couldn't see that well.
Why did 10 die	He was caught in the middle of 9/11.
Why are people in Athens so fat	Coz they have lot of greece in their food .
Why was the programer killed by a snake	He underestimated the speed of the python.
Why was the hula hoop a great boxer	It could go round for round.
Why is Monica Lewinsky so poor	Because she's always blowing bills
Why did Bill Clinton sign the NAFTA agreement	[NSFW] He loves a giant sucking sound.
Why was the dolphin sad	Because it didn't know it's porpoise in life. Thank you. Thank you.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax	To prevent Hispanic attacks
Why do girls like to have a dog	Because it suits their personality, a bitch.
Why is poop tapered	So your butt hole doesn't slam shut!
Why don't women drink beer at the beach	Because they'll get sand in their Schlitz.
Why did the chicken cross the road to get to the other side	ah wait, i can't remember the rest :/
Why is the Math Book so sad	It has so many problems! -Sorry doing a whole bunch of math today and i thought of this.
Why do elephants live in the jungle	Because it's out of the high rent district.
Q: Why do drummers always have trouble entering a room	A: They never know when to come in.
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the gay strip club Knock! Knock! *who's there?* The chicken.
Why was Skippy falsely imprisoned	Because it was a kangaroo court.
Why did the identical twins survive the plane crash	Because twins being destroyed by planes is too cliche, I guess.
Why do milking stools only have three legs	'Cause the cow has the udder
Why doesn't a duck wear underwear	Because their pecker's on their face.
Why is Robert Pattison so pale	There's no sunlight in the closet.
Why are people comparing Trump to Reagen	Reagan's biggest accomplishment was tearing down a wall not putting one up.
Why is a bear brown	Because he crawls in his hole during winter.
Why does Mr Tayto carry a phone in his top pocket	In case Johnny Onion Rings!
Why do cows have hooves	Because they lactose.
Why did Hitler invade Hungary	Because he can't resist a HungAryan :)
Why can't Ewoks yell and scream in the house	They have to use their Endor voices.
Why did parking tickets increase after Persephone was kidnapped	Demeter wasn't working.
Why is santa always so jolly	He knows where all the naughty girls live
Why were the Native Americans here first... ...	because they had reservations.
Why are Jedi terrible at Rugby	Because ""There is no Try.
Why did Reddit have a rapid implosion/explosion this afternoon	I heard it had something to do with supermassive bodies.
Why does nobody like Tigger	Because he plays with Pooh.
Why do women have sex	Because they have to.
Why did the pervert cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why do you never play hide &amp; seek with mountains	Mountains peak.
Why are all these Juice fad diets so popular	Because Juice control the media
Why couldn't the NSA go outside	They were Snowden.
Why would Helen Keller be a horrible driver	Because she's dead.
Why do midgets always laugh when playing soccer	The grass tickles their balls.
Why does Donald Trump hate Casper the ghost	Because he can go through walls.
Why do Russians celebrate Christmas on the 7th of January	Cause eight reindeer and a sleigh are a lot quicker than 6 pigs and a stoneboat.
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about freedom	because freedom rings. Happy Independence day everybody!
Why did they have to stop playing water-polo in Poland	All the horses drowned
Why did Ken and Barbie never have any kids	Ken always came in a different box.
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Too many Cheetahs.
Why couldn't the two melons get married	Because they cantaloupe.
Why is there no gambling in Africa	Too many Cheetahs!
why don't vampires go to frat parties	they're afraid of natural light
Why did the dog say he was an actor	His leg was in a cast.
Why doesn't Waldo wear stripes	He doesn't like to be spotted
Why do nuns hate laundry day	They always fall back on old habits.
Why can't java programmers see well	Because of the eclipse.
Why Does Jesus suck at hockey	He's always getting nailed to the boards.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office	You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Why arent there any Socialist entrepreneurs	Seriously I dont know.....
Why did the zoo close the big cat exhibit	Because they just kept lion around!
Why do elephants paint their toenails red	So they can hide in strawberry patches.
Why is an Oklahoma divorce like a Texas twister	Somebody's 'bout to lose a trailer.
Why you should definitely visit the Grand Canyon	.. Well... it's just plain *gorge*-ous
Why can't Democrats sell pants	They believe in a single-pair system.
Why couldn't the guy with insomnia have an affair with anyone's wife	Because he couldn't sleep with anyone.
Why do college girls only hang out in odd numbers	Because they literally can't even.
Why are conspiracy theorists always fat	They believe the proof is in the pudding.
Why Did it Take so Long to Legalize Gay Marriage	Because their priorities weren't straight.
Why wasn't the pirate invited to the movie theater	Because they didn't have movie theaters back in the 1800's.
Why did the Redgaurd's toe hurt	His Hammerfell
Why did Pinocchio tell lies	Because he was a fucking liar! -from Louis CK's AMA-
Why are fish so smart	They are always in schools!
Why was the little ant confused	Because his uncles are aunts.
Why did the Broncos wear white jerseys in Super Bowl 50	Because it's hard to catch a white bronco in California.
Q: Why didn't Intel call the Pentium the 586	A: Because they added 486 and 100 on the first Pentium and got  585.999983605.
Why is santa's sack so big	He only comes once a year...
Why do demons love apostrophes	They show possession.
Why did the dog go into the water	Because he didn't want to be a hot dog.
Why do pill bottles have cotton in them	To remind blacks in America that they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers.
Why did the mother bear ask the baby bear to wear shoes before he ran through the forest	Because he was barefooted!!!
Why is sex like Tetris	It's all about fitting the long piece in just right...
Why did the lime disapprove of his daughter	Because she was a little tart.
WHY ARE THEY STILL PLAYING CHRISTMAS COMMERCIALS	Me watching recorded TV shows
Why did the pope have so many children	Because his condom was a little holy...
Why did the Vietnamese woman get a career as a prostitute	Because she likes Dongs.
Why aren't there any female butchers	Because anytime they touch meat it turns to bone.
Why can't you e-mail a photo to a Jedi	Because attachments are forbidden.
Why was the tree stretching	So it could be timber!
Why is rust on a car orange	Because its true car-rot
Why did my wife cross the road	To go back into the first clothes shop we went into two hours ago.
Why do Italians carry slices of turd in their wallets	For identification.
Why doesn't Santa have kids	Because he only comes once a year
Why is Vanilla Ice scratching his head	Lice. Lice, maybe.
Why did the bird go to the theater	She wanted to wait in the wings.
Why are pills white	Because if they were black they wouldn't work.
Why do I see so many broken condoms outside	Honey, those are called ""children"" and should be treated as such.
Why did Frankenstein's monster give up  boxing	Because he didn't want to spoil his looks.
Why didn't Bach buy his wife a new accordion	He couldn't afford it; he was ""Baroque"".
Why does AMD call having 2 or more cards Crossfire	Because no matter what card you cross, and how many, you're bound to start a fire.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens	Because when he asked them who the greatest composer was all they would say is ""mmmmmm... Bach Bach Bach""!
Why do single men live longer than married men	Because they want to.
Why can't Chinese have Caucasian children	Because two Wongs don't make a white.
Why Does the Pope wear Boxers	He doesn't want to look down on the unemployed.
Why did the model pee herself	She was all dressed up with no place to go!
Why do Americans write ""color"" instead of ""colour""	Because fuck ""u"", that's why.
Why did the lady go out doors with her purse open	Because she expected some change in the weather.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So people don't mistake them for feminists.
Why nuns don't wear bras	God supports everything.
Why was the tree in prison	because it committed treeson
Why did the women's studies major go to college	To study a broad
Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark	Because black people can't swim.
[SKYRIM JOKE] Why didn't the Nords win the theater audition	They should have acted.
Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend	Because they're both cauldron
Why is there no Windows 9	Because 7 8 9.
Why do dentists not watch an entire porn video	They only watch the oral parts.
Why was the blonde fired from the M&amp;M factory	She threw out all the W's.
Why did the hipster where a toque in the summer	So he could say he wore it before it was cool.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong socks to work today.
Why did the chicken cross the road in Missouri	To show the opossum it could be done.
Why don't Jews like to give rim jobs	Because it's too close to the gas chamber. I'll show myself out
Why are the whores in the docks never hungry	There are so much seamen there.
Why do some people call it a ""tuna-fish"" sandwich	It's not like anyone calls it a ""chicken-bird"" sandwich.
Why didn't Hitler go to strip clubs	Because he didn't like poles.
Why did the ska kid not get the job	... they were worried about his checkered past
Why is Sia not in her music videos	Because she doesn't want anyone to Sia
Why do women wear white on their wedding day	All good kitchen appliances come in white. (Don't hurt me)
Why don't you see blonde pharmacists	They can't get the bottles into the typewriter!
Why is boxing the gayest sport in the world	Because you have two shirtless men in silk shorts fighting over a purse.
Why is six afraid of seven	Because seven is a registered six offender who just moved in next door.
why is six afraid of seven ANSWER :	because 789
Why didn't crab and lobster like to share	They were both two shellfish
Why did the newspaper cross the street	To get to the other side of the story.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	It wasn't, numbers aren't sentient beings...
Why did Skrillex get fired from the antique shop	Because he d-d-d-d-dropped the vase. Stupid. I know.
Why do women close their eyes during sex	They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
Why don't you hit a Mexican kid who's riding a bike	Because it's probably your bike
Why did the chicken cross the bridge	To get away from the Turkey coop.
Why are postal carriers the most masculine profession	Because they're male men
Q: Why are pirates so popular	A: They just arrrr.
Why do African casinos always go out of business	Because there's too many cheetahs.
Why couldn't the homosexual Irishman with an oral fixation order at the restaurant	He only spoke gaelic
Why did the chicken droid NOT cross the road	Because it had a bad motivator!
Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach	He ate someone who disagreed with him.
Q: Why did the ox fall down the hill	A: It was an oxident.
Why did the hippie drown in the ocean	He was too far out.
Why did the hipster seal die	He was clubbing too hard (its a horrible joke I know, please punish my lack of comedic genius)
Why did spider-man cross the road	To get to the *web*site !! *ba-dum-tsss*
Why did the Wise Man get 25 to life	Myrrhder
Why did the farmer cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why, yes, I am dressed for the weather	I am wearing a house.
Why don't black people dream	The last person that said ""i had a dream"" got shot
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the bridge	Tequila
Why was the dietician kicked out of the casino	He was caught counting carbs.
Why don't Jews go to Jupiter	Because it's a gas planet
Why was the Planters employee fired	He was fucking nuts.
Why don't jews have arranged marriage	They have no 'forced kin'. I'm so sorry
Why don't Blacks and Mexicans have babies	Their kids would be too lazy to steal.
Why do men, on average, die before women	Because they want to.
Why didn't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken came in a different box.
Why can a Cheetah not hide	Because it's always spotted.
Why did the black man wear a tuxedo to his Vasectomy	If he was going to be impotent he wanted to look impotent.
Why can't Helen Keller drive	...Because she's dead.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank his coffee before it was cool. Credit to my 15 yo son who made this one up. I'm fairly certain he browses Reddit but he wouldn't admit it to me.
Why couldn't Joe be friends with a double-amputee	Because he's lack-toes intolerant.
Why did the boy fail to become a footballer	He didn't have any goal in his life
Why are so many Italians named Tony	Because on the boat over to America their shirts said To N.Y.
Why can't pirates learn the alphabet	Because they spend years at C.
Why did Romeo and Juliet break up	They were in a **toxic** relationship!
Why don't hipsters like rivers	Too mainstream
Why are gay guys the first to check out of a hotel in the morning	Because they had their shit packed the night before
Why is Bernie Sanders seems like having a long nose	because AIR IS FREE
Why did the tear testify in court	Because he was an eye wetness.
Why did sodium stay home all day	Because when helium invited sodium and potassium to the mall, potassium said *K* but all sodium could say was *Na*.
Why do lesbians always win against journalists	Scissors beats paper.
Why did the chicken cross the road	to get to the other side.
Why did the sick eagle get deported	Because he was an illeagle.
Why did the Pilgrims eat turkey on  Thanksgiving	They couldn't get the moose in the oven!
Why did the police beat the black man after he was executed in the electric chair	He was resisting.
why did the computer go to the cafe	, and who is the king of the classroom? to get a byte, and the ruler!!! my one sub teacher tells absolutely terrible jokes everytime we have her!
Why is a fire truck always red	Cause you'd be mad too if someone kept pulling your hose.
Why do the hamburgers beat the hot dogs at every sport they play	Because hot dogs are the wurst!
Why are antivax parents so afraid of their kids getting autism	Because they know, first hand, how hard life is when you're a fucking retard.
Why do women have orgasms	Because it's just another chance for them to moan.
Why Does Waldo Wear Stripes	Because he doesn't want to be SPOTTED!!!
Why do we have oceans	Because based god and acid god had a baby.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they are ugly and they stink.
Why did the suicide bomber not show up to work	He got mad at the wrong alarm clock.
Why Did The Man With One Hand Go To The Shopping Centre	To go to the second hand shop
Why do the Lannisters have such large beds	They put two twins together to make a king.
Why can't Z generationers swim	Their phones would get wet.
Why did Germany win so many battles in WW I	They had baron.
Why do bees hum	Because they don't know the words!
Why couldn't the bike stand on it's own	Because it was two tired.
Why is the letter T like an island	Because its in the middle of water!!!
Why do people keep building so many new mausoleums	Because people are dying to get in.
Why did the laptop memory have such a hard time in school	Because he was SO-DIMM!
Why did the pelican get kicked out of the restaurant	Because he had a very large bill.
Why does Dr Pepper come in bottles	So his wife won't get pregnant
Why did the stressed out zombie go on vacation	He needed some time to himself to decompose.
Why does a one legged man make a terrible therapist	Because he has less understanding.
Why did the redditor cross the subreddit	To recycle a joke from the other side.
Why are even the best forensic teams unable to catch hillbilly criminals	Because they all share the same DNA and there are no dental records.
Why did Billy Joel get acquitted	Because he didn't start the fire.
Why did the woman marry the shoe maker	Because she was his sole mate.
why do people keep putting flag overlays on their avatar when tragedies happen	like i've seen it happen with france, brussels, gay marriage
Why did Sally fall off the swing	She had no arms. ~ Knock knock. *Who's there?* Not Sally
Q: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall	A: To make up for a bad summer.
Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth	Because he had a javelin through his head.
Why does Calvin Harris like reading fairy tales	He loves a good happy ending
Why was the letter ""Z"" lucky it was not Jewish	Because all the other letters were NOT Zs!
Why is it best to teach physics on the edge of a cliff	(Original joke) Because that's where students have the most potential.
Why was the World Trade Center in a hurry	It had a plane to catch.
Why are there no cats in Germany	Because they have nein lives.
Why was 6 scared	Because 7 was a 6 offender.
Why did the semen cross the road	I put on the wrong sock this morning
Why did Davy Crockett always wear a coonskin cap	It was a birthday present from his wife!
Why do waiters prefer elephants to flies	Have you ever heard anyone complaining of a elephant in their soup?  .
Why is Santa so jolly	He knows where the naughty girls live.
why do farts stink	so deaf people can enjoy them too.
Why do hot girls always go for assholes	I don't even like pegging.
Why should jokes always be sent over TCP	Because you're assured that the recipient will get it. (Don't you DARE explain the joke in the comments)
Why did the janitor get fired from the bank	Because he cleaned out the vault.
Why couldn't Moses adopt a kitten from the animal shelter	Because the shelter was non prophet.
Why couldn't the shoes go out and play	They were all tied up.
Why is it so easy to fool an octopus	They're all suckers.
Why did your sister keep running around her bed	Because she was trying to catch up with her sleep.
Why was the scientist allowed to use dolphins for his experiments	Because they were for test porpoise only
Why are the other numbers afraid of 7	Because 7 ate 9.
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand puns	They always take things literally.
Why is the iPhone 6 the coolest smart phone around	Carry it around in your pocket for a while and it'll be on every selfie you take.
Why was the challah bread good at defending itself	Because it was made of Judo (Jew dough)
Why could Thor's daughter never try anal	Because her father was an Ass-guardian. Ba dum tussss..
Why do Mexicans always cross the border in twos	Because the sign says No Tres passing
Why did a anowman send his father to Siberia	Because he wanted frozen pop !
Why do black men only have nightmares	Because the last black man to have a dream got shot.
Why did the blonde go to church	B/c she heard there was a guy hung like [this](https://riverchurchtelford.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/jesus.jpg)
Why does Ed Miliband like advent calendars	Because it's his only chance to open the door to Number 10!
Why is Yoda afraid of 7	Because 9, 7 8.
Why did the foot smile	He was toe very happy. Jesus that is awful.
Why do stoners spend so much money	because they're high rollers
Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Moscow	He got snowed in.
Why are radios cheaper in Scotland	Because the boxes are battered and and the speakers are fried.
Why did black people pick so much cotton	Because we told them to.
Why was the pianist arrested	He was assaulting A Minor.
Why is food better than men	Because you don't have to wait an hour for seconds.
Why do you call the US government when a blizzard of secret information gets released	They're snowed-en!
Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping	In case your other agus breaks.
Why did all the guys like the bus driver	She was busty.
Why did the empty string do immoral things	Because it had no character.
Why was the Redditor mad at Reddit	Because it made her wait seven minutes before posting something.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide eggs	Because, he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing a chicken.
Why can't you tell a secret, when a clock is around	Because time will tell. Got this one from Bonzi Buddy long time ago
[Politics] Why can't Ben Carson help fix America's problems	He's a neurosurgeon, not a proctologist.
Why do Black People only have Nightmares	Cuz we killed the only one with a dream!!! (I'm very sorry, he was a great man whose death should be treated with respect) Happy MLK Day!
Why don't they have showers on airplanes	Because of the towel ban.
Why are tampons always grumpy	Because they're stuck up cunts.
Why does it say TRD on that Toyota truck	Because it's a turd!
Why are native South African Tribesman immune to lightning	'cause you can't Shaka Zulu.
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive a car	Because she was a woman!
why do people insist D&amp;D players are squares	I mean, they party all the time!
Why does Torque live on campus	Because cross products don't commute!
Why did the ghost go to jail	He got arrested for possession.
Why is Stephen Hawking successful	He can't run away from his responsibilities.
Why do pigs like February 14th	They get lots of Valenswines.
Why are there no midget accountants	They always come up short.
Why do the Amazons like Sundays	Because there's no mail. (Male)
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	Because he fingered a minor.
Why did the Chihuahua laugh	The cow jumped over the moon.
Why does a tiger make such a good girlfriend	Because its not a cheetah.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends	....because he's married.
Why do Lannisters hate turtles	Cause they can't stab them in the back
Why did the blonde run with her bike	Because it was going to fast for her to get on.
Why should you never take a swordfish out to dinner	Because you'll get stuck with the bill, and if you don't have money to pay the restaurant will call the cods on you. Fin.
Why were all Roman buildings made of stone	They crucified the carpenter.
Why did the witch get a car with manual transmission	Because she prefers to drive stick!
Why shouldn't we talk about Catholic Priests	It's a touchy subject.
Why is the Apple Store always so hot	They don't have Windows installed. ;)
Why can Chinese bands rehearse so much	They're never short of Sichuan musicians.
Why is kim jong un such an asshole	he's mentally il.
Why is it called an Xbox One	Because you do a one and walk away.
Why didn't The African go to the classical music event	He was a baroque ass' negro
Why don't Jews live on Jupiter	Because its a gas planet!
Why did the horror fan switch off Cujo	Because he felt like IT
Why couldn't the Hungarian programmer buy a third long	Because he only had Forints! Thank you thank you, tip your waiter.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	They Lactose.
Why did Microsoft skip windows 9 and annouce windows 10	Because windows 7 8 9
Why couldn't the cop save the hippie from drowning	He was too far out man
Why is it true that if vegans ate you it would not be cannibalism	Because you are fucking nuts
Why do SJWs like cancer	Because it doesn't discriminate.
Why did Sally fall of the swingset	She had no arms. BONUS JOKE: Knock Knock. Who's there? Not Sally.
Why you shouldnt vote for Hillary	because Bill always chose someone other than Hillary, and you should too
Why are fisherman so successful in business	Because they use ""net"" profits
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs	So they're not confused with feminist. Sorry.
Why couldn't Billy the Jet go flying with his friends	Because he was grounded.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up on it's own	Because it was two tired.
Why was Heisenberg such a bad lover	When he got the momentum, he couldn't find the position, and when he found the position, he couldn't muster up the momentum.
Why couldn't Led Zeppelin play pinball	They had No Quarter
Why did the Police hurry over to the Black Lives Matter Riot	To beat the crowd!
Why are quantum physicists so poor at sex	Because when they find the position, they can't find the momentum, and when they have the momentum, they can't find the position!
Why do medicine boxes always have a little bit of cotton in them	To remeber the black man of what he did before he dealt drugs.
Why can't a blonde dial 911	Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911? A: She can't find the eleven.
Why was the chicken afraid to cross the road	Because it's a chicken.
Why didn't Ronald McDonald like to go fishing	Because every time he did, he'd catch a whopper.
Why did Minnie Mouse break-up with Mickey Mouse	Because he was fuckin' Goofy.
Why did Jon snow wait outside he Apple Store for 3 days	For the watch
why did the hipster burn his tounge	because he ate the pizza before it was cool.
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number  ELEVEN	A: She didn't know what ONE came first...
Why did the pregnant woman love to tell jokes	Because she had a pun in the oven!
Why doesn't Mr T like cream and mashed fruit	He pities the fool.
Why is the apostrophe always near an ""s""	Because it is possessive
Why don't blind people sky-dive	(from ""Money Train"") Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why did the perv leave	Because he came.
Why do so many Italian men wear mustaches	So they can look like their mothers.
Why hasn't Africa ever won Olympic gold in basketball	Because Africa isn't a country.
Why don't taxi drivers talk to each other	They already know everything.
Why is Italy's birth rate decreasing	Because they pull out at the last second.
Why is the Liberty Bell like a dropped  Easter egg	Because they're both cracked!
Why are Republicans so insistent on a war in the Middle East	Because its good Christian values to invade the Middle East.
Why is Santa so Jolly	Cause he knows where all the bad girls live.
Q: Why did the blonde have a hysterectomy	A: She wanted to stop having grandchildren.
Q: Why did Hitler shoot himself	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He lost WW2.
Why are black people tall	Because their knee grows. Sorry, I had to do this.
Why did the scarecrow win the award	Because he was outstanding in his field
Why do ghosts get invited to parties	Because they always bring boos.
Why did they release Star Wars 4, 5 &amp; 6 before 1, 2 &amp; 3	Because off sequence, Yoda was.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican	They keep stealing the green cards.
Why is this election historic	It's the first time we're guaranteed there'll be a cunt in the oval office.
Why was six afraid of seven	It wasn't.. Because they're just numbers
Why are there no American flags at the DNC	Because the delegates were standing on them.
Why doesn't Meghan Trainor eat salmon	Because she's all about that bass
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank his coffee before it was cool. All credit goes to the apples and apples folks.
Why do women fake orgasms	because they think men care.
Q: Why do Southern guys go to family reunions	A: To meet chicks.
Why do cows never walk out of horror movies	They're able to stomach a lot.
Why is Ireland so rich	Because their capital is always Dublin.
Why did the dog roll down the hill	It didn?t have any legs.
Why did the ox fall down the hill	It was an oxident.
Why did Saint Francis cry	Someone called him Assisi.
Why did the feminist burn down the field of canola	She said she was defending herself against rape.
Why is the Star Trek enterprise like toilet paper	They both circle your anus searching for cling-ons
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because they are dead.
Why is sorority row the safest place to be during a zombie invasion	Cause the zombies are looking for braaaaaaaains
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 122, 123, 124!
Why are black people so fast	Because all of the slow ones are in jail.
Why didn't the sailors play cards on the deck	Because the captain was sitting on the top of the deck.
Why are flowers the best test takers	They have all of the anthers.
Why does Snoop Dog carry and umbrella	Fo-Drizzle
Why does Freud always have a cigar	Penis envy.
Why dont feminists go to indoor soccer games...	Because, with the astroturf, there would be no place for them to graze.
Why can't bicycles stand on their own	Because they are two tired.
Why did the horse get a divorce	It didn't have a stable relationship.
Why did the Egyptians build the pyramids	To get to the other side.
Why should you send your sweetie a valentine	Because you always heart the one you love.
Why does a flamingo stand on one leg	If it didn't stand on any, it would fall over.
Why r/Jokes has too much tiny jokes	Thus you can move on to the next one faster
Why is the Vagina like the weather	Once it's wet, it's time to go inside!
Why is turtle wax so expensive	because turtles have such small ears
Why didn't the ghost go to the dance party	Because he had no-body to dance with.
Why can't women drive	Because there is no road between the kitchen and the bedroom.
Why are circles so knowledgeable	Because they have three hundred and sixty degrees.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand anymore	It was two tired.
Why does Trump watch the Olympics	To see how high Mexicans can jump
Why didn't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken came in a different box...
Why was Jimmy sad	Cause Jimmy had a frog stapled to his face.
Why did Sarah fall off the swings She had no arms	.. Knock knock Who's there Not Sarah
Why are black people unable to get a Ph.D.	Because they can't get past their masters.
Why was the crocodile taking viagra	He was suffering from eREPTILE disfunction.
Why don't Buddhists have Instagram	They don't believe in the concept of a selfie.
Why can't moccasins play the blues	They've got no sole.
Why should you never hit people with violins	? Because violins is not the answer...
Why don't lesbians cook	They prefer to eat out.
Why are automatic vehicles difficult to drive	Because they don't come with a manual
Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger	Because he's dead.
Why did Shakespeare refuse to join the army	He didn't like the phrase fire at will!
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy	He was too far out, man.
Why do Ken and Barbie never have kids	Because Ken always comes in a different box
Q: Why do blonde nurses bring red magic markers to work	A: In case they have to draw blood.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 got rid of the headphone jack.
Why people hate Billy Mays jokes	because they're corny.
Why is Neil Degrasse Tyson such a famous physicist	... On the day he was born he escaped a black hole...... and then he spent his life studying them.
Why is it best to ask photographers personal questions at night	(X-post r/photography) Because they open up when it gets dark.
Why do Egyptian warships have glass floors	So they can see their air force
Why does the man with the foot fetish always lose	Because he's in defeat.
Why did Minotaur win an interior design award	Because his home was a maze thing.
Why was Heisenberg's wife unhappy	Whenever he had the energy, he didn't have the time.
Why did the Pilgrims create Thanksgiving	They wanted another excuse to watch football.
Why did the rooster run away	He was chicken !
Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of three	Because the signs all say ""No TRESpassing
Why couldn't the pirate get into the movie	Because he was arrested for pirating movies since it's illegal!
why did the cheese stick hate football	because he wasn't first string!
Why are men smarter during sex	Because they're usually plugged into a know-it-all.
Why aren't there more jokes based on haptics	It's a touchy subject.
Why doesn't Mexico win Olympic Medals	Because all their best runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in America.
Why shouldn't you make fun of Donald Trump	You'll hurt his feeling.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils	... Because they got big fingers.
Why does Mexico always underperform in the summer olympics	Because everyone that can run, swim or jump is in USA.
Why is it awkward to have sex with Jesus	He keeps saying ""Oooh Dad Ooooh Dad OOOH DAAAAD
Why can't you see elephants hiding in trees	They're really good at it
Why don't tennis players ever get married	Because love means nothing to them.
Why did the villagers hate Frankenstein	Because he was a Jew.
Why was Obama nervous when eating a T-bone aboard Air Force One	Because the steaks had never been higher.
Why do virgins never stand still	They are used to being chaste.
Why is Windows 10 like a moody teenager	Because nobody gets it.
Why should you only invite gas molecules to your house when they have negligible intermolecular forces between them	Because they're the ideal gas.
Why don't chickens wear underwear	Because its pecker is on its face.
Why do drug dealers love Muslims	Because they are always stoned.
Why can't you email a photo to a Jedi	Because attachments are forbidden
Why couldn't the Chinese geologist find a date	He was vehemently opposed to wrong rocks on the beach.
Why are fish so thin	Because they eat fish!
Why are magnets so arousing	They're very attractive.
Why does Donkey Kong brush his teeth	To prevent tooth DK.
Why did the stutterer get shot in the ghetto	He was asking for directions for the ""k-k-k-mart.
Why did the Little Mermaid run away with the fisherman	He had allure.
Why was 9 afraid of 10	Because 10 11 12.
Why couldn't the drummer make it to the show	He locked the bass player in the car.
Why isn't your nose 12 inches long	Because then it would be a foot
Why are fish so educated	Because a lot of them are in schools.
Why couldn't the retarded man talk normally	He was trying to hold the door
Why is it so hard to build a blonde snowman	Because you have to hollow out the head.
Why don't auto repair shops fix golf carts	Because they work with parts for cars, not carts for pars.
Why wasn't I able to see the instruction manual	Because the instructions were clear.
Why are blondes such bad cow herders	Because they can't keep their calves together
Why is everyone afraid of Vladimir Putin	Because Vlad is Putin everyone in their place. I'll let myself out.
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware store	Because he wanted a tight seal.
Why do they call it the Star Wars Universe	When it's only a galaxy
Why did the Native American feel so reluctant about booking a hotel room	He had his reservations.
Why do college students already get up at 7	Because the supermarket closes at 7:30
Why don't women parachute naked	Cause they would whistle on the way down
Why did Eric Clapton move from PC to Mac	He had a bad experience with Windows
Q: Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book	A: They all have phones.
Why does Trump love babies.	Because one day when they are old enough, he'll either Fire em or Fuck em.
Why can't you hang out with bears	Their bad breath is un-bear-able.
Why is Donald Trump a good candidate	Because if he was bad he'd be a CANTdidate.
Why did the circus animals go on strike	The elephants found out that they were being paid peanuts compared to the rest of the troupe and the ringleader was taking the lions share.
Why are feminists bad cashiers	They can't make change.
Why doesn't Santa have any children	He only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.
Why do christians burn fossil fuels	They're trying to destroy the evidence.
Why a giraffe got arrested while driving	Coz he was high :D
Q: Why is air a ton like sex	A: Because it's no major ordeal unless you're not getting any.
Why do women have trouble parking	Because men tell them that 6"" is more than it actually is.
Why did Hitler pass out	he saw the gas bill
Why do guys not like to eat pussy first thing in the morning	Because, you know what it's like to open up a grilled cheese sandwich!
Why didn't Abraham Lincoln go to jail	Because he was in-a-cent!
Why are babies always gurgling with joy	Because it's a nappy time.
Why does the Little Mermaid wear sea shells	Because she doesn't fit into B shells
Why doesn't the queen's farts smell	Because it's a noble gas.
Why are rapists terrible at academics	BECAUSE THEY THINK WITH THE WRONG HEAD!
Why did the man tell his mom to get him out of prison	She had gotten him out of a tight spot before.
Why did Oscar Pistorius shoot his girlfriend in the bathroom	Because he's one of the few people in World that couldn't kick down the door.
Why is Karl Marx a fan of the Galactic Empire	He was born ina 1818.
Why is a woman like a KFC	After your done with the thighs and breasts all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
Q: Why did the commuter want the carpool driver to take the bridge	A: To avoid car-pool tunnel!
Why did the cowboy want a Weiner dog	To get a long little doggy.
Why do firemen wear red suspenders	To keep their pants up.
Why was Adele's phone bill $500 this month	She must have called a 1,000 times
Why do abcdefghijklmopqrstuvwxy &amp; z hate hanging out with the letter n	Because n always has to be the center of attention.
Why does California have more lawyers and New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps	New Jersey got to choose first
why was X afraid of Y	because 2Y-14/3X=0
Why did the musician hate getting drunk	He always had treble finding his keys!
Why is russian roulette bad for parties	It kills the mood  .
Why can't Helen Keller drive	Because she's fucking dead.
Why do teen girls travel in groups of three	Because they literally can't even.
Why the young tailor couldn't finish his father's pants	Because he had no pocket money.
why don't Italians have acne	(bad joke) Because it slides off.
Why was Noah the best businessman	He floated his stock while the rest of the world was in liquidation. The greatest journalist? Samson. He took two columns and made an impression on everyone.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax	For Hispanic attacks
Why will Donald Trump never have an amputation	Because you can't stump the Trump.
Why did the tomato blush red	Because it saw salad dressing! :D Just like I saw your mom dressing Cause she's a skank Come at me, Reddit. Come at me
Why did John keep on finding cracker crumbs in his bed	His wife didn't know any decent crackers.
Why did the hippie drown	Because he was too far out, man.
Why did the console peasant cross the road	To render the building on the other side
Why can't Helen Keller use an iPhone	Because she's dead.
Why 4D was invented	Because yo mammas ass so fat it couldn't fit in 3D.
Why couldn't the auction house find any buyers for the Celtic artifact	It was completely runed.
Why did the pilot crash the plane	Because he was a slice of bread
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet	Because they lactose..
Why was it so easy to find the buried communist treasure after the Cold War	Because X Marx the spot.
Why do Jewish men watch porn backwards	So they can see the hooker hand the money back.
Why don't blind people bungee jump	'Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why is sleeping the second most favorite activity of people's lives	Because it follows their first favorite activity, sex.
Q: Why do dogs chase their tails	A: They want to make ends meet.
Why do the models on the catwalks always look so angry	I would have been very happy to get paid to just walk around in fancy clothes.
Why doesn't Superman watch Game of thrones	Because he has a LED-TV.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because the 7 didn't fucking bend.
Why did people make white chocolate	So black kids could get dirty faces too.
Why do Scuba divers fall backwards off the boat, and into the water	Because if they fell forward, they'd fall into the boat.
Why are gays never really supressed	Cuz they always stick it to the man!
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack	He comes once a year! :-)
Why did the redneck cross the road	His dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why cant stormtroopers be fathers	Because they shoot blank and always miss Edit: Can't*
Why was the snowman smiling	He saw the snowblower coming.
Why did Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson have to change his diet	Because his nutritionist said he had too many minerals in his system!
Why did Europe start the first World War	They did't like being sans-Ferdinand.
Why shouldn't you take rimjob jokes seriously	Because they're all tongue in cheek.
Why does the USA use F	The rest of the world has varying degrees of communism.
Why do people knock on a locked public restroom door	And what is the person inside to say? ""who is it?
Why is it quicker to build a snowman than a snowwoman	It takes too long to hollow out her head. (I got this one from my uncle)
Why did Batman go to the corner store	FOR JUST ICE
Why did the bartender put on a sweater	She thought it was a little drafty.
Why does Sirius Black get all the girls	Because he's a real dawg.
Why do little dogs shake so much	They have Barkinson's
Why don't people from Yorkshire use deodorant	Because they have no pits.
[OC] Why did the mayonnaise win the running race	Because the tomato sauce couldn't Ketchup.
Why didn't the polite coder get hired	The job required SASS
Why'd the chicken cross the court	Because he heard the ref was blowin' fowels..
Why do white girl groups only walk together in odd numbers	Because they can't even
Q: Why was the blonde so happy after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months	A: Because on the box it said From 2 to 4 years.
Why is Santa always jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	Because he heard the ref was blowing fowls.
Why did Martin Luther King have so many pink shirts	He was against separating the whites from the coloreds.
Why didn't Mayweather become an NFL QB	Because he couldn't READ the defense!
Why don't blind people go skydiving	Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why did Jimmy take a ruler to bed	To see how long he slept for.
Why did the baker have smelly hands	Because he needed a poo.
Why did the fish swim off of the waterfall	For the Halibut.
Why did George Lucas Cross The Road	To urinate on my childhood and sell it back to be on blu-ray for $80.
Why did the chicken get a lawyer	Because he knew he was going to get fried in court
Why should you always bring an iPhone to Mos Eisley Cantina	Because droids can't get service.
Why do farts smell	So deaf people can enjoy them too.
Why are gay pride parades held in the summer	Because gay pride comes before gay fall.
Why do cats make better medical technicians than dogs	Because dogs can't operate MRI machines, but catscan.
Why do barbers make good drivers	Because they know all the short cuts.
Why doesn't the Easter Bunny make noise when he has sex	Because he has Cottonballs
Why do you never see hippos hiding in trees	Because they are really good at it.
Why aren't there any ""old husband tales""	There are. They just get re-branded as ""logic"" and ""the truth"".
Why shouldn't you buy underwear from the Ukraine	Chernobyl fall out.
Why do elephants drink so much	To forget
Why was the ocean embarrassed	Because all the fish could see his bottom.
Why did the crab hate to share	He was a little shellfish.
Why did Tim Tebow's mom protest against the Russian soup truck	It contained a borscht ton.
Why was delta afraid of zeta	Because zeta eta theta and is only epsilon away from delta.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Who gives a flying fuck.
Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill all the bugs at his ex girlfriend's house	He's her ex-terminator
Why isn't the word gangster pronounced [Jang-ster]	Because there ain't no such thing as a soft 'G.'
Why do Java programmers need glasses	Because they can't C#.
Why does Mike Tyson refuse to buy playstation	Because he is an x-boxer
Why did the puppeteer get out of jail	Because he ""pulled a few strings""!
Why did the criminal get released from prison after he wrote a short essay	He had served his sentence.
Why can't a chicken coop have more than two doors	Because if it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Why did Ibuprofen miss his friends	Because Paracetamol on fire.
Why can't you make bread like my mother	I would if you could make dough like your father!
Why do you never see a black person with Down Syndrome	God doesn't punish anyone twice.
Why do women fake orgasms	I wish they'd just be honest. I've only faked an orgasm once, when I was being mugged..... That scared him off.
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese Woman	You have to drop the bomb twice.
Why does the devil get such a bad rap	Because like everyone in marketing, he always lets his own stuff slide...
Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells	She grew out of her b-shells
Why doesn't the Jolly Green Giant patronize prostitutes	He has no room in his life for a fourth ho.
Why did the little girl fall off the swing	She had not arms.
Why was Shakespeare always a good teammate to have	Because no matter the sport, he would always play write
Why is the monsters' football pitch wet	Because the players keep dribbling on it.
Why was the washing machine laughing	Because it was taking the piss out of the knickers.
Why is hip hop popular among urban youth	because it's the only time a black man can tell a crowd of white people to put their hands in the air.
Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant	Because the teacher said ""do your essay
Why is Trump going to lose the election	Because he's simply not very good with races
Why do Mexicans eat beans	so they can take bubble baths.
Why did Aladdin have a shoe on his crotch	Because he told the Genie he wanted his penis to grow a foot.
Why are men smarter during sex	Because they are plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
Q: Why is the banjo player a fiddle player's best friend	A: Without him the fiddle would be the most hated instrument on earth.
Why don't you ever say a joke about Jesus to a Christian	They become pretty cross...
Why is there no Mexican olympics	Because everyone that can swim, run and jump is already across the border.
Why are Gorillas underpaid	They're willing to work peanuts!
Why should you never date a tennis player	Because love means nothing to them.
Why do I have to say please when I ask for a sandwich at a restaurant	They don't say please when I'm paying. They say, ""That'll be $5"". I should be able to say, ""That'll be a sandwich.
Why aren't redheads very good R&amp;B singers	Because they have no soul
Why did the neckbeard become a doctor	He sure knows how to treat M'aladies
Why did the young witch have such difficulty writing letters	She had never learned to spell properly.
Why can't a hermit be a vegan, go to a CrossFit gym, or not eat gluten	Because he can't tell anyone about it.
Why did everyone trust the marsupial	Everything he said was troo
Why are the mountains in Switzerland called ""the Alps""	Because when people fall off of 'em, they yell AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLPPPP!!!!!!!!
Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards	? Cause they love the part when the hooker returns the money!
Why did Eric Clapton make the switch from PC to Apple	Well because he had a horrible experience with windows. (credit to Neil Hamburger for this amazing joke)
Why did the mummy stop using the Internet	He was getting far too wrapped up in it.
Why do they call it a chicken coupe	If it had 4 doors it'd be a chicken sedan.
Why are pirates called pirates	Because they arrh.
Why did they have to call Aquaman Aquaman	Because they couldn't call him Seaman
Why did the masochist STOP hitting himself on the head with a hammer	Because it hurt.
Why didn't Jesus play during the Isreal-Palestine soccer game	He got suspended.
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas	Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
Why did so many blacks die in Vietnam	Every time somebody yelled, ""GET DOWN!"" they'd get up and dance.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	1:""Why was 6 afraid of 7?"" 2:""Because 7 ate 9"" 1:""Ah very good, but why doesn't it matter?"" 2:...I don't know 1:""because 6, 7 ate. 6 was already a goner
Why did the bald man cut holes in his pockets	To run his hands through his hair.
Why did the scarecrow get an award	He was out standing in his field
Why did all the Black people move to Detroit	Because they heard there were no jobs there.
Why can't a dog clap in the middle of a movie	Because it keeps hitting pause.
Why did the kid steal the fan	He wanted to be cool.
Why was the drug dealer late	Because he tripped
Why do they call your dick ""Robin Hood	Cuz I'm a girl stealer and I still have my foreskin ;)
Why wasn't Jesus born in the United states	They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.
Why is the door to heaven always open	Because Jesus was born in a barn.
Why was the Easter Bunny so upset	He was having a bad hare day!
Why didn't Santa's father get a ticket for speeding in the sleigh	A grandfather claus got him out of it!
Why doesn't smokey the bear have a wife	Anytime she gets hot, he beats her with a shovel.
[using ouija board] Why isn't he responding to us	I'm annoyed H I A N N O Y E D I M D A D
Why do porn sites have a Google+ option	I don't want my friends knowing I use Google+
why did the chicken cross the road	to show the deer how it's done
Why do they call it PMSing	Mad Cow disease was already taken.
Why don't chicken coops have four doors	They would be chicken sedans
Why would Helen Keller be a terrible driver	She's dead.
Why did the lesbian cross the road	To get to the other bride! *Congrats, America!*
Why couldn't Elsa hold on to a balloon	She would always let it go.
Why would a dentist make a good airport security guard	They both enjoy a good cavity search!
Why are iPhones' batteries not called apple juice	Because they don't have enough juice in them ^Explanation: ^circlejerk ^on ^iPhone's ^battery ^running ^out ^fast don't kill me pls, i love apple ^yay
Why should you never have sex in an Olive Garden	Because when you're there, you're family.
Why did King Kong paint the bottoms of  his feet brown	So that he could hide upside down in a jar of peanut butter.
Why do Televisions have buttons	because they cant have zippers
Why did Mike Tyson bring his calculator to church	He was invited to thunday math.
Why was the Boy having trouble finding power in the Cul-de-sac	There was no outlet
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie	He was too far out, man!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road	A: To get the chinese newspaper. Do you get it??? No??? Me neither, I get the Daily News.
Why did the little boy drop his icecream	Because he got hit by a car
Why is the letter ""B"" so cold	Because its between AC...
Why do white people's feet get so dirty	They walk on the sins of their ancestors.
Why didn't the buzzard have any luggage on the airplane	Because he ate his carrion.
Why don't you see any transgendered parents	Because they're trans-parent
Q: Why did the Mummy go to the bathroom	A: To wrap itself in toilet paper!
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume	.... 'Cause they're ugly and they stink.
Why do people wash their clothes in Tide	Because it's too cold out tide.
Why did Adele cross the road	Because she could only say Hello from the other side.
Why did Obama get two terms	Because black men always get a longer sentence
Why are a lot of Italians named Tony	Because as they got on the boat to leave Italy, they were stamped on the head, ""TO NY"".
Why was Helen Keller a bad driver	Cause she was a woman ^^sorry
Why was Pluto's child unexpected	Because it didn't plan it.
Why were the twin towers sad	Because they ordered pepperoni pizza but all they got was plane.
Why was I named after Adolf Hitler	.. Well, I certainly wasn't named before him!
Why doesn't ISIS Like School	Because they always bombed their tests.
Why is it so hard to find Tylenol in the jungle	Because the parrots eat 'em all. . . . Explanation: Parrots eat 'em all = paracetamol = acetominophen = Tylenol
Why did the door to door sales man get nervous and run away	He was selling In-Security Heh yeah i dunno i thought it up in a dream and I'm still half asleep bye
why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
Why does ISIS drink instant coffee	Because they hate French press!
Why are farmers cruel	Because they pull corn by the ears.
Why can't New Zealanders tell you how many sexual partners they've had	Every time they start to count, they fall asleep.
Why is Peter Pan such a terrible pilot	Because he Neverlands
Why did Eva Braun dislike giving Hitler blowjobs	Because he left a Nazi taste in her mouth.
Why are gas giants always so happy	Because they're so Jovial.
Why are there no joke about Jonestown	The punchlines are too long.
Why are none of my jokes funny	Because I have a shitty sense of humor.
Why are bank offices so cold	They're trying to freeze their assets.
Why didn't George RR Martin (GOT author) use Twitter	Because he killed all the 140 characters.
Why are Taylor Swift's songs always a hit	(WARNING POKEMON JOKE) Because swift never misses.
Why does a jew watch pornography backwards	He wants to see the prostitute give back money.
Why did Frosty the Snowman pull down his pants	He heard the snow blower coming.
Why are turtles dangerous in China	Because they can turtle you.
Why was kleenex dancing	It had a little boogie in it.
Why did Alexander Graham Bell never receive a nobel prize	Because it's a ""no bell"" prize.
Why was Jon Snow so successful at basketball	he knew where to put it..
Why should we elect Gabe Newell as President of the United States	So there won't be a World War III.
Why are camels referred to as ""the ships of the desert""	They are full of Iranian seman
Why wasn't Jesus any good at math	Because he always seemed to get hung up on addition.
Why do Lannisters have such big beds	GoT because they push twins together to make a king.
Why was Kylo Ren embarrassed at McDonald's	It was his First Order!
Why do Canadians prefer their jokes in hexadecimal	Because 7 8 9 A
Why did Simba's father die	Because he couldn't Mufasa.
Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger inspire George W Bush to become president	A: Because he could explain the Bush administration's positions on civil liberties in the original German!
Why can't a policeman win a game of pool	Because he always shoots the black one first.
Why do hipsters love Harrison Ford	Because he's Indie!
Why didn't Greece vote for Tyrion	Because a Lannister always pays his debts.
Why does Chuck Norris play cowbell	Because he beats time!
Why aren't there many jokes about the Jim Jones massacre	There would have been, but the punch line was too long...
Why did the 280-pound girl marry the 400-pound man	She wanted a big wedding.
Why can't t-rexs do push ups	Because they have been extinct for 65 million years.
Why do so many people listen to Taylor Swift songs after a breakup	Because they were tailor made for it.
Why should you wear a condom when writing C++ code	It's full of std vectors.
Why couldn't the cut down tree answer a riddle	It was stumped.
Why is God happy	Because every women call his name during sex.
Why is the bride always sad on her wedding day	Because she doesn't get to marry the best man.
Why are there no female necrophiliacs	Because dead guys can't spend money.
Why did the cannibal get indigestion after eating his high school debate team rival	He ate something that disagreed with him
why does X always get to mark the spot	i bet Q would like a turn
Why did the Native American undergo cellular respiration	To make A TP
Why couldn't the melons secretly get married	Because they were cant elopes
Why does the Earth love geologists	They really get it's rocks off
Why was Herbert Hoover such a controversial president	Because he never let the dust settle.
Why don't all Libertarian candidates have dwarfism	I thought Libertarians believed in small government.
Q: Why are brunettes so proud of their  hair	A: It matches their mustaches.
Why did the electron go to jail	He was charged with battery!
Why was the medicine man for bald eagles arrested	He was selling ill-eagle drugs.
Why is the Dead Sea a mod on /r/leagueoflegends	Because it's so salty.
Why is it called a cunt	Because that's the sound it makes when you kick it.
Why did the poor man sell yeast	He wanted to make some doe!
Why do Fencers avoid posting on reddit	They are afraid of the Reposte.
Why was the cheese so sad	Because it was provOLONE
Why couldn't they find the cheesemaker after the accident	He was trapped under da-Brie!
Why did Adele cross the road	So she could say ""hello"" from the other side.
Why are gingers' feet so rough	Because they have no soles
Why do bicycles fall over	They are two-tired.
Why did NASA hire a proctologist	To help plan the trip to Uranus.
Why do you never see red headed Jazz musicians	They have no soul...
Why Do Scottish people wear kilts	Because a sheep can hear a zipper go down a mile away.
Why did the baker have brown hands	Because he kneaded a poo. Better if you say this aloud.
Why are beekeepers opposed to keeping gorillas in captivity	They're ape purists
Why do most black men's eyes appear bloodshot after sex	Mace.
Why did the ""pervert"" cross the road	Because his dick was stuck in the cbicken! Hahahaha
Why did Kermit break up with Miss Piggy	He wasn't ready for a Kermitment.
Why did the cop shoot the insomniac	He was resisting a rest
Why did the plane crash	because the pilots we're muffins
Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer	Because the grass tickles their balls when they run.
Why was the Baker a part-time drug dealer	Because he really kneaded the dough. (please forgive me for that awful pun)
Why is Jar Jar Binks so lonely	He's been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Why did Batman climb the tree	He was looking for Robin's nest.
Why Indian restaurants are so good at JavaScript	Because they do curry so well
Why did Ellen Pao fire an employee with cancer	She felt threatened by someone more malignant than herself
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own	Because its two tired.
Why were the bakers hands brown	Because he was kneading a shite
Why could Donald Trump never be a Lannister	Because he never pays his debts.
Why was the mother flea so unhappy	All her children had gone to the dogs.
Why was the burger thrown out of the Army	He couldn't pass mustard! (muster)
Why should you date a girl who is good with her hands and plays soccer	Because she's probably a keeper.
Why cant the Rolling stones ever be pastors	We all know they dont gather mass.
Why did the film critic protest the new children's cemetery	He's not a fan of juvenile plots.
Why did the horse get a DUI	She had too many maretinis
Why did hipster burn himself	He drank the Coffee before it was cool
Why do Farts Smell so Bad	So the deaf can enjoy them too.
Why is Donald Trump so intent on building a wall with Mexico	To stop the workers at his construction site from running back!
Why didn't the recently single goose lose her job when she made a mistake	Because she had one heck of an ex-goose
Why was the baby strawberry crying	Because his mother was in a jam.
Why did the soviet plane crash	It was stalin
Why Is Santa So Jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live &gt;:)
Why didn't Hitler get tertiary education	He couldn't stand Jew-near college.
Why can't a t-Rex clap it's hands	Because it's extinct.
Why Are Germans Buried 20 Feet Underground	Because deep down they're real nice
Why did the double arm amputee unsubscribe from r/jokes	He lost his sense of humerus.
Why did Steve Jobs lose on the X Factor	because Sam sung better than him
Why is camping so exciting	Because it's in tents.
Why did Neil Armstrong get to set foot on the moon before Buzz Aldrin	They wrestled over it. Neil had the stronger arm.
Why is the grass in Anfield Stadium so green	They are constantly putting millions of pounds of crap on it.
Why was 5 afraid of 6	Because 6 7 8! ...(in honor of May 4th Star Wars day)...
Why did the bike fall over	It was too tired
Why do people order espresso shots at Starbucks	Because it's black. Sorry.
Why are bunnies so good at brewing	Cause beer is made with hops.
Why don't witches wear panties	Because they need to grip the broom!
Why do New Yorkers like to visit Minnesota	Because that's where the mini apple is!
Why are blondes bad a judging distance	They have no idea what 12 inches actually looks like. I for some reason could not find a way to phrase this any better. Credit to my coworker.
Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business	He got too attached to his work.
Why doesnt McDonalds serve snail	Because of sanitation reasons.
Why did a gun go to the barber	Because it's bangs were getting long!
Why can every black person run so fast	Because the slow ones are in jail.
Why wife accused me of being a transvestite	So I packed her things and left.
Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5 and 6 come before 1, 2 and 3	Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why did Snake walk into the bar	Because he wears an eyepatch and has poor depth perception.
Why is Congress like a cold	Because sometimes the ayes (eyes) have it and sometimes the no's (nose).
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in the dirt, then cross back over	Because he's a dirty double crosser.
Why didn't the girl like anal	Because she was always butthurt over it.
Why did the White Man go to the Moon	He wanted more land. -Heard this from a native friend of mine. I laughed my ass off.
Why is Santa so Jolly	He knows where all the BAD girls live. (not oc)
Why are my jokes strikingly similar to your sperm	They're killed almost instantly by assholes.
Why did the storm trooper buy an iPhone	Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
Why did the poor man become a baker	He really kneaded the dough alot
Why do witches not wear underwear	So they can get a better grip on their broom.
Why do Java Programmers wear glasses	Because they don't C#.
Why do you call someone who doesn't like the ideas in Islam	A Racist!
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella	Fo' drizzle.
Why are there no gay suicide bombers	They can find millions of virgins just by going on Reddit.
Why didn't King Kong go to Hong Kong	He didn't like Chinese food.
Why do mice have such small balls	Because not many of them know how to dance.
Why is 77 better than 69	You get ate more.
Why doesn't Asia wear makeup	Because it clogs its SINGAPORES!
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Because Jewish women won't go near anything that's not 20% off.
Why Does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella	Fo' Drizzle.
Why do so many dyslexic vegans move to Dallas	For the Sallad
Why don't Jehovah's Witnesses celebrate Halloween	Because they don't appreciate random people knocking on their door.
Why did France run out of painkillers	because Paris ate 'em all
Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window	He wanted to see a butterfly.
Why is UPS so great	They always deliver!
Why are electric trains like a mother's breasts	They were both designed for the kids but it's the fathers who are always playing with them.
Why do women forget if you call them beautiful 100 times but remember if you call them ugly once	Elephants have good memory
Why do guitar amps hum	Because they don't know the words.
Why does Dr. Pepper come In cans	He's a strange dude.
Why can't a bike stand on its own	It's two tired.
Why is Lorde named thusly	She isn't named thusly, she's named Lorde.
[Little bit racist] why do New Zealanders... Have insomnia	Because every time they start counting sheep they get too horny to sleep.
Why don't Jews eat pussy	It's too close to the gas chamber.
Why are Republicans so easy to point out	They're usually the elephant in the room
Why don't NFL players wear glasses	Because it's a contact sport.
Why was the computer stressed out when it got home	Because it had a hard drive.
Why so Mexicans have red eyes after Sex	! Pepperspray...
Why Do women wear panties with flowers on them	In loving memory of all the faces that were buried there.
Why did CNN hire a tabloid ripping strongman as one of their anchors	Because he was great at breaking the news.
Why did the man with one butt cheek get fired	He did everything half-assed.
Why was the ghost sad	A lot of different reasons.
Why dont Asians go to the theaters	Because they always see widescreen!
Why does Thanksgiving feel like a date with Bill Cosby	You wake up 3 hours later drowsy and wondering why you feel like you just got stuffed with dark meat
Why did Bill Murray's cameo have a sore back	It had to carry the new Ghostbusters movie for almost two hours.
Why can a woman never be a good DJ	They will never listen to Logic or Reason.
Why doesnt Santa Clause have any kids	Because he only comes once a year and its only ever down a chimney
Why did Bruce Jenner crash his car	Because she's a woman.
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America	Because freedom rings.
Why does a vampire clean his teeth three times a day	To prevent bat breath.
Why are gay guy's houses so clean	Because they are so anal!
Why isn't Kanye West allowed in rural Pennsylvania	An Amish with a tool, you know that's unheard of.
Why the hate for necromancers	T They're just trying to raise a family.
Why is Ohio State's basketball team so good	~~Because they have great shooters~~ Because they drive and cut extremely well Thanks for nothing /r/news!
Why do french people eat snails	They don't like fast food.
Why do math textbooks only ever give you one angle in a triangle	Just cos.
Why did Napoleon's soldiers wear red buttons on their blue jackets during the battle of Waterloo	... so that they could close their jackets.
Why do lesbians never cook	Because they eat out.
Why doesn't the pope like the Higgs Boson	Because you can't have mass without him
Why do Muslims hate Reddit	Haram be everywhere
Why did Blitzkrieg work so well in France	Because lightning always follows the path of least resistance
Why did the baker's hands stink	Because he needed a crap.
Why was the zombie in such a rush to get to his book signing	He had deadlines to meet
Why were the Star Wars made IV, V, VI, I, II, III	Because in charge of distribution, Yoda was.
Why did the coke can throw itself off the building, and why did it become so famous	It was soda pressed
Why didn't the oyster give to charity	He was shellfish.
Why does the French flag have Velcro	So the blue and red sections are easily removed during a time of war.
Why did I divide sin by tan	Just cos.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court	Because he heard the Ref was blowing fowls!
Why is does a chicken coop have 2 doors	Because if it had 4 doors it'd be called a chicken sedan. (better if saying it out loud because of the spelling of coop/coupe) ;-;
Why cant obama ever be on a dollar bill	they would have to use to much ink.
Why did Jesus have to walk everywhere	He drove a Ford.
Why would you throw a rock at a Mexican man riding a bike	Because it's probably your bike. Why would you throw a rock at a black man riding a bike? Because it's probably your black man.
Why is ISIS going after programs	Because they are executable
Why do rpg characters like potions so much	Because they're always the life of the party!
Why did the vengeful fireman lose his job	He tried fighting fire with fire.
Why can't anyone tell my dads fat	Cause he grew up in Pawtucket.
Why did the Baker have brown hands	He kneaded a poo! (I heard this one today and thought I'd share)
Why are Helium, Curium and Barium called the medical elements	Because if you can't Helium or Curium, you Barium. (Heard it from Heimerdinger, League of Legends)
Why did your sister feed money to her cow	Because she wanted to get rich milk.
Why is Whitney Houston good at video games	One of her strong suits is HAAND EEEEEEEYYYEEEE coordination.
Why did Beethoven love playing low notes	Higher notes weren't worth the the treble.
Why did the guitar player get arrested	Because he fingered a minor
Why was the Native American so tired	Because he'd been up all night building ATP.
Why are they rioting in Ferguson	Because they carefully and objectively reviewed the evidence from the trial and thought a legitimate injustice had been done.
Why were the other fish calling the shark gay	He swallowed all of the seamen.
Why does the KKK like christmas	Because it's the one day that they have an excuse to hang coloured balls from trees.
Why do I praise Neo	Because I'm autistic xD XDXD
Why Hitler was late to work	He accidently didn't took the second left but the third Reich.
Why were all of the other fish calling the shark gay	He swallowed all of the seamen.
Why do they put fences around graveyards	Because people are just dying to get in.
Why is North Korea disliked by South Korea	It's because they are a Seoulless nation.
Why did John F. Kennedy die	He was too open-minded.
Why was the computer tired when he got home	Because he had a hard drive!
Why are pills white	Because they work.
why don't robot chickens play basketball	too many technical fowls
Why are branches attached to trees	Because they stick
Why did the Turkey join the band	because he had two Drumsticks.
Why didnt Jesus become a boxer	Crosses killed him.
Why does Peter Pan always fly	Because he Neverlands
Why do black guys only have nightmares	Because we killed the only one with a dream
Why do French bakers listen to death metal	Because all they touch is pain.
Why do the Avengers keep calling Spiderman over to fix their computer	Because they heard he's a web developer
Why did Adolf Hitler hate math class	He didn't like showing his work; was only interested in the final solution.
why is there no windows 9	Because 7 8 9!
Why do police officers sleep with two rocks near their bed	With one he turns off the light, With the other he checks if the window is closed
Why did Captain Hook think Robin Williams death was funny	He likes dead-'Pan'...
Why do all the trees in Kansas lean south	Because Oklahoma sucks.
Why are you late	Teacher: Why are you late? Student: There was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill. Teacher: That's nice. Were you helping him look for it? Student: No. I was standing on it.
Why are camels called the ships of the desert	They're full of Iraqi semen.
Why is the Adults only store open 24hrs	Because get off at different times.
Why does the Empire use Apple	Because they couldn't find the droid they were looking for
Why did the bald man cut a hole in his pocket	He wanted to run his fingers through his hair.
Why does a Jew moan when he has an orgasm	Because it has to come from his own sack (Joke might work better in Dutch, where 'zak' means both sack and pocket)
Why did the chicken cross the road	To get to the other side! Sorry if repost
Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children	Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, its down the chimney.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie	Because he was too far out, man
Why do women get married	Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
Why can't muslims eat pigs	Because the Quran forbids cannibalism
Why are Black people so fast	[Don't say it in public] ... because all the slow ones are in Jail
Why was the candle mad at his friend	He blew him off.
Why did Bill Nye crash his car	Because inertia is a property of matter.
Why does Hillary Clinton secretly want to lose the election	Because if she wins, she'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why don't jokes in base 8 work	Because 7 10 11
Why are ugly guys better with computers then women	Turning off a computer often fixes the problem.
Why did Cain kill his brother	Because he was Abel to.
Why did the vibrator go to the bar	To catch a buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Why can't we edit tweets	Because if we could I would edit a tweet with 2,000 retweets to say ""RT if you hate puppies and babies.
Why do Italian men have mustaches	They want to look like their mothers.
Why did the gay guy fail his test	He couldn't think straight.
Why was Tigger looking in the toilet	He was looking for ""Pooh.
Why do gay guys dress so well	They spent a lot of time in the closet.
Why are storms always called girls names	Because when they come they are always wet and uncontrollable, and when they disappear they take or destroy all your stuff
Why does Tom Cruise like Scientology	It's given him a great cult following
Why can Unicorns only be ridden by a adult female virgin	They're both imaginary
Why did the condom cross the road	It was pissed off. :3
Why don't birds have to wear camouflage	Joke: Why don't birds have to wear camouflage? Punch: Because they are already ""in the skies"". Thank you, I'll see myself out.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors	If they had four doors, they'd be chicken sedans.
Why was the horseman fired from his job of  saddle testing	He was always standing up on the job!
Why did Ted Bundy dropout of an Italian cooking class	There were not enough Italians to eat.
Why should you never go drinking if you wear a monocle	Because then you'd be a barnacle.
Why aren't there any homosexual scholars	Because they can't think straight.
Why is Kim Jong Un a terrible leader	[removed]
Why is oxygen like sex	Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Why is sperm donation more expensive than blood donation	Handmade things are costlier.
Why does the news keep telling people the pilot was depressed	Does any of this really matter...
Why doesn't Mexico have an olympic team	Because everyone who could jump, run, and swim have already crossed the border.
Why do you never hear a pterodactyl go to the toilet	Because the p is silent
Why is the bicycle unable to stay up	Because it is two-tired!!!!
Why the Japanese kill fish	because Chinese eat fish and Koreans selfish
Why did Germany hold a ceremony for the Greek bankruptcy	They wanted to give credit where credit was due.
Why is a fish easy to weigh	Because it has its own scales !
Why do rednecks hate math	Integration.
Why did Billy not care who he offended while posting on the internet	Because the ends justify the memes
Why DOES ""February"" have that extra R	It should just be ""Februay.
Why was Beethoven making a lot of money	His property was Fur Elise
Why did the farmer's house catch on fire	He left his home on the range.
Why do jewish men get circumcised	Because a jewish woman wouldn't touch anything unless it's 20% off.
Why does it smell of tires	There are two black people fighting.
Why do some birds fly south for the winter	Its to far to walk.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory	Because she kept throwing out all the Ws.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because the Cock was on the other side!
Why do i need to take English class in school hell George Bush became president, and he only knew 50 word	The last one being ""shoe
Why were the 2 in love melons upset	Because they cantaloupe. (The wife thought of this one... hopefully nobody else has posted it)
Why did Hitler commit suicide	Because he saw the gas bill
Why was purple jealous	Because red blue green.
Why could the brony butterfly just barely not fly	He was a Fluttershy Posted it because My Little Pony jokes that don't insult bronies are a Rarity.
Why can't women enjoy porn as much as men	They can tell when the girls are faking it. (This joke best after a few drinks)
Why can't the T-Rex play the piano	Cause they're dead!
Why does Nessie never come out of the water	People keep on calling it's photoshoots fake and gay.
Why couldn't the NSA do anything after the blizzard	Because they were Snowden.
Why do black men have nightmares	We killed the only one who had a dream.
Why was the pencil in the toilet	It was a No. 2.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	Because his wife won't let him use socks anymore.
Why did Jennifer cross the road	Because she wasn't wearing her seat belt
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three	Because the sign says no trespassing!
Why are TVs attracted to people	Because people turn them on
Why does jesus not play video games	Everytime he dies he has to wait 3 days to respawn
Why can't Emma Watson ever play Hermione Granger again	'Cos once you go black, you never go back.
why is everyone posting about 9/11	It's still 2 months away.
Why will Michael B Jordan make a bad Human Torch	Because it's supposed to be the Fantastic Four, not the Fantastic Fo'!
Why is the letter 'c' afraid of the rest of the alphabet	Because all the other letters are not c's. *** ^^*ba ^^dum ^^tss*
Why did the chicken soup cross the road	Because it was down hill!
Why does Darkwing Duck wear a mask	You are a duck, no one could identify you without describing every other duck on earth.
Why do lawyers have so much anal sex	Because they are fucking assholes.
Why do skeletons not go to the disco	Because they got no body to dance with!
Why was the little boy unhappy	Because he had a frog stapled to his face
Why is Hitler a terrible wingman	Because he's dead
Why did the medium cross the road	To get to The Other Side! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Why are there so many grammar Nazis on the internet	Because English majors have no jobs.
Why should you never use r/television 's fridge to store mutton	It always spoils the GoT.
Why did Karl Marx like going to continental Europe so much	Because they did not have proper tea.
Why do black people hate chainsaws	Because when you start them they go run nigga nigga nigga
Why are teachers happy at Halloween parties	Because there's lots of school spirit!
Why did the two radio broadcasters get along so well	They were on the same wavelength.
Why did the two suicide bombers blow themselves up on the same room	So they could be splatmates.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts	Because sheep can hear a zipper up to a mile away
Why wouldn't the two tampons talk to each other	They are both stuck-up cunts.
Why was the piano invented	So that the musician would have a place to put their beer.
Why did the knight stop using the internet	Because he was sick of chainmail.
Why did the religious person give up smoking	Because God hates fags.
Why did the cow drink his own milk	He needed the cowlcium.
Why can't Kermit and Miss Piggy count to one hundred	Because every time they get to 69, Miss Piggy gets a frog in her throat.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 is a registered 6 offender. Not because 7-8-9.
Why did the semen cross the road	Because I wore the wrong sock this morning
Why do all black people have nightmares	Because the one that had a dream got shot.
Q: Why was King Tutenkhamen considered the best pharaoh in all of Egypt	A: Because he always showed up in cuneiform.
Why would Sally sell seashells by the seashore	There are plenty there that are free. Just walk and you are bound to find at least 40. Idiot
Why does an elephant have four feet	Because he'd look pretty silly with four inches.
Why did god invent the yeast infection	(x-post from r/funny) To show women what it's like to live with an irritated cunt.
Why are wedding dresses white	To match the appliances!
Why is a frog luckier than a cat	Because a frog croaks all the time but a cat only gets to croak nine  times !
Why did the Dalai Lama go to Mexico	So he can be juan with everything.
Why does Kim Jong Un have an email	So he can eat all the spam.
Why'd the Mexican push his wife off a cliff	Tequila.
Why does Gandalf never dress as a pimp for halloween	Because he doesn't want to be taken as a conjurer of cheap tricks.
Why did jesus not go to australia	He couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice	Because it said concentrate.
Why is SAE not that racist	Because some of their best friends are black... for halloween!
Why did Paul Walker cross the road	Because he wasn't wearing his seat belt. (I'm sorry)
Why did my jizz cross the road	Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why do Jews hate seeing 10 dollar bills	Because they know they cant have them because HAMiltons aren't kosher Source: Me; a Jew
Why do pessimists always think it's the weekend	Because every day is a sadder-day.
Why is Edward Snowden still in Russia	The airport is Snowden
Why was the liquor trader arrested	Because he was in cider trading
Why won't Malia and Sasha Obama's classmates gossip about them	Because they know their father can read their emails.
Why are linear equations so easy to interrogate	Because they always give you a straight answer.
Why did the console gamer cross the road	To render the buildings across the street.
Why did the rockstar turkey get kicked out of the concert	Because he tryptophan.
Why don't casinos in Las Vegas hire girls from California	Because they, like, can't even deal.
Q: Why are crocodiles brown and flat	A: Because if they were yellow and round, they'd be lemons.
Why doesn't Santa have any children	Because he only comes once a year and it's down the chimney.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road	Because It was eggshausted
Why did the bull get a sex change	To see how the UDDER side lives! ---------- (Thought of it while washing the dishes, hope you all get a kick out of it.)
Why do women wear makeup and perfume	Because they're ugly and smell bad.
Why don't urologists hand out stickers their patients	Because they are always telling them ""You're in trouble
Why did the guy lose his job at the suicide prevention hotline	v2 He kept leaving them hanging.
Why is auto correct regarded as an important invention	Because it's mage tipping berry ready for us. Obligatory edit: very easy for us
Why do gorillas have big nostrils	Because they have big fingers!
[NSFW] Why is Popeye's penis soft and smooth	He puts it in Olive Oyl. Edit: I don't know why this is tagged under religion.  \_()_/
Why is it easy for light bulbs to travel	Because they pack light.
Why did Reddit's restaurant go our of business	All of its servers were busy
Why was the lawyer home early	Briefcase
Why did the chicken double-cross the road	To change sides.
Why is America home to the majority of comedians	Lax pun control laws.
Why are your eyes covered in ketchup	I'm often asked by people: ""Why are your eyes covered in ketchup?"" So I tell them it's because Heinz sight is 20/20.
Why is 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9
Why is Karl Marx credited in so many movies	(OC) Because he wrote the Rom-Communist Manifesto.
Why did simbas father die in lion king	Because he couldn't Mufasa.
Why was Barbie never pregnant	Because Ken came in another box.
Why did Princess Diana Cross the Road	She wasn't buckled in.
Why do they call it a non-sequitur	Riot gear.
Why don't women fart	They can't keep their mouths shut long enough to build up pressure
Why did the sperm cross the road	I put on the wrong socks this morning.
Why do rapists make great salesmen	They just can't take no for an answer. For the record I don't condone rape.
Why didn't the Turkey cross the road	It was too Chicken.
Why haven't I ever met a full blooded jew	All of the ones I've met have just been Jew-ish
Why isn't having sex with a dead baby considered necrophilia	Because it was alive when you started.
Why did the French police arrested the Muslim teenager	Because he was trying to detonate a Samsung Note 7.
Why is it best to be bitten quickly by one  mosquito	Because an itch in time saves nine.
Why is Anthony Weiner considered a hipster	He had has dick out for Harambe before it was cool.
Why did a kid get arrested for taking a home made clock into school	Sounds like he had already done the... time
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle	Because he's a fucking creep
Why do elephants paint their toenails red	So they can hide in cherry trees. You ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree? *Then it's working*.
Why is it illegal for a person living in Virginia to be buried in Texas	...because they're still alive.
Why did the lawyer go to the tailor	He wanted a law-suit
Why did the two most senior nuns in the convent break up a German terror plot to steal millions in bearer bonds	Old habits die hard
Why did the cannibal get banned from the hospital	He kept trying the doctors patients(patience)
Why was Selena Gomez suspended in elementary school	Because she couldn't keep her hands to herself.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico	He couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.
Why is North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un so ruthless	He doesn't have a Seoul.
Why did the gold fish cross the road	To go to /r/antijokes
Why is Hillary running for president	Because it's easier than running from law enforcement
Why do mathematicians wear glasses	It helps improve division. [Thank you](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Sting.ogg) folks, I will be here all week.
Why does 8 hate 7	Because 7 8 9
Why did the kid dump a bucket of water off the school roof	He wanted to make a big splash in front of his class.
Why is the new Zork game rated M for mature	? I guess it's too grue-some.
Why did the plane crash	The pilot was a loaf of bread.
Why did the dentist vote for Trump	He likes to keep things white and straight.
Why do priests have you call them Father..	Because 'Daddy' was too obvious
Why do you get aroused when you look in the mirror	Because your dick thinks you're a pussy too.
Why were the people in the twin towers mad	Because they ordered pepperoni, but all they got was plane.
Why is your optometrist gay	They love people who can't see straight!
Why isn't there a Wal-Mart in Iraq	....because there is a target in every corner.
Why are Nazis such bad DJs	Because they dont get the difference between 33 and 45.
Why did the mushroom have so many friends	He was a fungi.
Why did the cautious gambler never go camping	He didn't want to stake his tent.
Why is K-pop the best genre of music	It has Seoul.
Why are organic farmers the best hip hop artists	Because they make the best beets.
Why didn't the tree get any presents for Christmas	He was knotty.
Q: Why was the blonde confused after giving birth to twins	A: She couldn't figure out who the other mother was.
Why were there only 1,000 Mexicans at the Alamo	they only had 2 trucks
Why did the 3d modeler need back surgery	He injured his spline!
Why did the chicken cross the road	The aristocrats.
Why did the redneck high school cancel driver's ed class	They needed the car for sex ed.
Why can't you hear rabbits have sex	because they have cotton balls.
Why do tennis players never get married	Because Love means nothing to them.
Why is it better to hire fifty $20 hookers rather than a single $1000 escort	More poorgasms
Why can't dormant volcanoes erupt	They have eruptile dysfunction
Why did the snowman pull down his pants	Because he saw the snowblower coming
Why are there no Jews on Jupiter	Because it's a gas planet.
Why do the French only have one egg for breakfast	Because one egg is un oeuf.
Why did the Chicken cross the road	To get to the other side.
Why do artists die early in life	Too many strokes.
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand	So she can moan with the other.
Why did Sarah fall off the swing	She had no arms or legs.
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding up in trees	Because they're really good at it.
Why did the farmer name his pig ink	Because he kept running out of the pen...
Why wasnt there any blacks in the flintstones	Because they were still monkeys.
Why does North Korea have the highest literacy rate	Because Kim Jong-un is supreme reader!
Why were the people in the World Trade Center mad on 9/11	Because they ordered pepperoni pizza and all they got was plane.
Why was Edward unable to get out of Russia	Because he was Snowd en! (according to my friends this joke has been around for awhile, but I hadn't seen it yet, and wanted to share the goof)
Q: Why do girls like guys who wear shirts with eight buttons	A: They fascinate.
Why didn't the girl cross the street	She didn't have the balls
Why does Santa Claus have a such a big sack	Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Just kidding I'm not going to be that guy
Why did the chicken cross the road	.... because Bernie Sanders challenged him to a debate about the future of America.
Why aren't there any baby Transformers	Because Auto-Bots pull out!
Why does your blood rush to your head when you're upside down but not to your feet when you're right side up	Your feet aren't empty.
Why are Boy Scouts safest when travelling with a senior	They'll always have dry wood on hand to start a fire - this came to me in a dream... maybe it should have stayed there? *shrugs*
Why was the ocean so cranky	You'd be cranky too if you had crabs on your bottom.
Why did the dyslexic Italian prisoner of war never get rescued	Because when his commanding officer read his letter saying he was now a WOP, it was assumed that he had expatriated.
Why do girls suck at playing hockey as goalie	Because there are 3 periods and only 2 pads
why are Americans like women	Because they always turn up late and take all the credit for winning the war
Why is Santa's sack so big	He only comes once a year!
Why is Santa's sack so big	He only comes once a year.
Why did the dog run in circles	He was a watchdog and needed winding.
Why do woman make terrible truck drivers	Because you give them one good load and it takes them nine months to deliver.
why was 6 afraid of 7	because 789
Why was Macaulay Culkin an easy target for Michael Jackson	Because he was home alone.
Why did Moses see a burning bush as God	Because God planned on giving him his first tablets then. The mistake? They were Samsung Galaxy Note tablets.
Why do dogs run in circles	Because it's harder to run in squares.
why do italian women wear long black gloves	to cover up their long black hair
Why did the Middle Eastern man not want his daughter to go on a date with a boy from school	He was afraid she would come home stoned.
Why don't black people get on cruise ships	They're not falling for that again.
Why'd the chicken cross the road	To show a deer how it's done.
Why was the hipster drinking milk	He liked Ice Cream before it was cool
Why is Batman undefeatable	Because he was coached by Liam Neeson.
Why couldn't G Unit get on the Bus	They did not have 50 Cent.
Why do the Scots wear kilts	Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Why does a rapper need an umbrella	Fo' drizzle.
Why did Silver have such a successful rap career	He was truly Ag.
Why do men like masturbation	It's sex with someone they love.
Why does the French Army install Rear-view mirrors in their Tanks	So that they can see the battle.
Why did the blind man's alphabet soup only have 25 letters in it	Because he can't ""C
Why did the football player laugh when he broke his arm	Because it was humerus.
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens	All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach
Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist	Because you will get Jurasskicked.
Why are quantum physicists the kinkiest of all scientists	They have the ability to penetrate both holes at the same time. [explanation](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-slit_experiment)
Why didn't the blind person laugh at my joke	Because he didn't see the funny side to it.
Why was Six afraid of Seven	Because Seven was a Registered Six Offender.
Why is it illegal to masturbate on an airplane	Because its high jacking.
Why does Donald Trump take a Xanax when he goes to Mexico	To prevent His-Panic attacks.
Why was the baseball player arrested	He was involved in a hit-and-run.
Why shoudn't you play poker in Africa	Because of all the Cheetahs!
Why are 25 of the 26 letters in the English alphabet problematic to Jewish people	Because they're not C's.
Why did the frog die	It kermit suicide.
Why men like to fishing so much	They finally found something as smart as them to talk to.
Why do Welshmen like to embarrass their wives	It makes them rather sheepish.
Why do the French get high so fast	Because they'll reach 420 before anyone else. Explanation: 80 is quatre-vingt in french and quatre=4 and vingt= 20.
Why was the S&amp;M phone sex caller so quiet	Because he was tongue tied!
Why did the cheese go to the museum	To get cultured
Why was the guitar teacher arrested	Because he was fingering minors.
Why don't people win the lotto	Because the NSA runs it
Why is it illegal to commit suicide	You aren't allowed to damage the government's property.
Why did the broken window not go to the doctor	He had no more pane
Why is North Korea horrible	Because they have no Seoul.
Why did the two chickens cross the road	To avoid debating Bernie Sanders
Why did the Pepsi Half-Time Show suck so much	Because if it was the Coke Half-Time there would have been a hologram of Tupac or the Beetles instead of Bruno Mars.
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey	He keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Why do turds taper off at the end	So your asshole doesn't slam shut
Why did Tommy Drop drop his ice cream	Because he got hit by the ice cream truck
Why do midgets giggle when running through a field	The grass tickles their balls as they run.
Why dont Muslims play Dota	Because techies respawns
Why didn't the quarter roll down the hill with the nickle	Because it had more cents
Why are there no coups in the US	It is the only country without a US embassy. (heard from a Brazilian friend)
Why don't some couples go to the gym	Because some relationships don't work out.
Why didn't Barbie get pregnant	Because Ken 'came' in another box!
Why was the geometry teacher so dizzy	Cause he kept going in circles...
Why does Japan love Obama	He is first Barack president.
Why are there no painkillers in the jungle	Because the parrots eat 'em all. ^^^^^(Paracetamol)
Why did the T.V. break up with the remote	She thought he was too controlling.
Why did the fetus kill his twin	There wasn't enough womb for the two of them!
Why did the DJ have such small hands	Wee paws for station identification.
Why is Kylo Ren so lonely all the time	He's Ben Solo his whole life
Why did a Mexican girl get pregnant	She was told to do an essay in school.
why did Star Wars episodes 4,5, and 6 come before 1, 2, and 3	Yoda was In charge of scheduling
Why did the vampire pull out	He needed permission to come inside.
Why do gay guys have a really good fashion sense	Well, you would think so after spending so much time in the closet.. Read this somewhere awhile ago and made me laugh XD
Why do Jews hate water	Because the last one that stepped into a shower got bad gas.
Why don't they give hurricanes epic names like cyclone of doom or the fate fairy instead of frikken Sandy	...
Why does the dwarf laugh when he runs	Cause the grass tickles his balls...
Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid	They can't get eight cups of water into that little packet.
Why are there no gay men in the army reserves	All of the fruits are diploid
Why didn't willy wonka choose violet to take over the factory	Because that would require a woman to break the glass ceiling.
Why can't the sun talk	(First post) It doesn't have an ellipse.
Why do women live longer than men	They're not married to women.
Why do black people smell bad	So blind people can hate them too
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's half off.
Why should the Roman Catholic Church allow priests to marry	They would have a more detailed understanding of what Hell is actually like.
Why don't we ever go 'forth and back'	To go forth and multiply is more fun.
Why do so many people like hanging out with Mr. Mushroom	Because he's a Fungi!
Why do white girls travel in groups of 3	Because they can't even
Why was the penguin banned from the Winter Olympics	He was caught taking Polaroids.
Why did the policeman shoot the empty LED	It was a black one.
Why do Native Americans have such good hearing	They have engineers
Why did the Greenlander get so angry when he didn't win the lottery	Because he was inuit to win it
Why can't the shepherd remember how many he had sex with	--- he keeps falling asleep when he counts them.
Why did the chicken cross the road	Hodor
Why couldn't Harry play basketball	Because he's got no arms.
Why was the blot of ink so sad	It's mother was in the pen and it didn't know how long the sentence was.
Why was the cannibal sad at dinner	Because he got the cold shoulder.
Why does Peter Pan always fly	Because he Neverlands! You're welcome.
Why are black people unable to get a PhD	Because they can't get past their masters.
Why aren't there many black baseball players	Because they steal to many bases (I'm not racist it's just a joke don't be butthurt)
Why is Peter Pan ALWAYS flying	He neverlands. lol this joke never grows old.
Why did the semen cross the road	I put on the wrong sock this morning.
Why did the synagogue ban Monopoly	Because the fights over who got to be the banker were getting bloody
Why do Jews watch porn in reverse	.. Their favorite part is when the girl gives the money back....
Q: Why did the blonde snort Sweet-n-Low	A: She thought it was Diet Coke.
Why did the monkey paint his balls red	So he could hide in the cherry tree... What's the most load noise in the jungle? ... A giraffe eating cherries!
Why Do Giraffes Have Such Long Necks	So they can reach their head!
Why don't sharks eat clowns	Because they taste funny.
Why I'm leaving Reddit	I have to go to the gas station to pick up some munchies.
Why didn't Cathy keep the extra dollar of change at Chick-fil-a	Because Cathy can't help being Truett-ful
Why did the stoner eat cannabis-infused chocolate laxatives	Just for shits 'n' giggles..... Bored at work thought I'd make up a joke
Why is it so hard for an eighty year old woman to pee in the morning	Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese?!
Why are catholic priests so Eco-friendly	Zero emissions.
Why was the binary number so happy	Because of two's compliment!
Why was the glass-blower forced to retire	He sucked...
Why didn't the skeleton go to homecoming	because he had no body to go with
Why do Jews have such big noses	Because air is free.
Why does Bigfoot have a nice butt	Because he does sassquats
why did helen keller masturbate with one hand	so she could moan with the other...
Why Do Republican Couples Keep A Copy Of Ronald Reagan's Biography Next To Their Bed	So that it can be used as an *aphrodisiac*
Why doesn't China have a phone directory	Because there are so many Wings and Wongs they'd still wing the wong number.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because 7 was a 6 offender.
Why was Jesus in such good shape when he died	He was Cross-Fit.
Why does Kim Jong Un stick out at a black gospel church	Because he doesn't have Seoul.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He ate the food before it was cool...
Why do I always say yes to everything	I just don't no.
Why is 2 Phosphorus Oxygen Carbon the greatest rapper from the elements	2POC
Why do gingers hang out with black people	Because gingers have no soul, and black people have too much!
Why did Jesus quit playing ice hockey	He kept getting nailed to the boards.
Why did candycain go to jail	Because he killed Candy-Abel
Why was NASA so interested on travelling to Mars	Because it had their Curiosity.
Why does Bob Marley like jpegs, gifs and pngs but hate svg	Because they're raster graphic images.
Why did Jim Morrison cross the road	To break on through to the other side
Why do you never buy a woman a watch	Because there's a clock on the stove.
Why are atheists afraid of exponents	They don't believe in a higher power.
Why is Smurfette the only smurf who recycles	She's the only one with a blue box.
Why was 6 afraid of 7	Because he 8n't afraid to bust out his 9.
Q: Why is Bill Clinton's economic plan called positively atheist	A: Because it hasn't got a prayer.
Why a pirate could not spell iris	He had only one 'i'
Why did the man put condoms on his ears during sex	He didn't want to get hearing aids.
Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee	'Cause they hate the French press
Why statutory rape jokes aren't funny	They always happen too soon.
Why did the little boy use his inhaler	No wheezin'
Why did they call it The Iron Curtain	They were going to call it the Fe line, but that seemed too catty.
Why is craving karma points ironic	Because it's pointless.
Why did the referee stop the leper hockey game	There was a face off in the corner.
Why shouldn't you tell a pirate your secrets	They ain't private ears. (I don't care if a six year old came to this first thirty years ago, it just came to me.)
why don't blinde people go skydiving	because it scares the shit out of their dogs
Why does Godzilla go to temple	because he's a kaiju
Why did the pirate captain suddenly die	He had an an*yarr*ysm.
Why do the Irish only put 239 beans in the pot	Because one more would be ""two-fahrty
Why did the Russian man keep making excuses	He was just stalin for time
Why is it so hard to keep track of counting in Afghanistan	Because of the Taliban (say it out loud)
Why do native Americans hate the snow	Because it's white, and it's on their land.
Why did the angry Jedi cross the road	To get to the dark side.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom	Because pterodactyls are extinct.
Why is it so wet in Great Britain	Because of all the kings and queens that reigned (rained) there.
Why wasn't the droid hungry	Because BB8
Why can't you insult Jewish people	Because they've already been roasted.
Why do the English drink warm beer	Lucas refrigerators.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating	To stop the snoring before it starts.
Why Donald Trump will not release his tax returns even though it seriously jeopardizes his presidential campaign	No **Juan** should know how much money he has, country needs to build the wall first.
Why do Jewish women like circumsized men	Because they're 10% off.
Why can trains go for longer than cars	Because cars get tyred but trains do not, with the exception of Rubber-tyred metro systems.
Why is the word ""clit"" so fun to say	It just rolls off the tongue.
Why did the kid drop his ice cream cone	He got hit by a bus
Why did the girl fall off the swing	Because she didn't have any arms.
Why shouldn't you wear loose fitting shorts when visiting Ukraine	Because Chernobyl fallout
Why was Helen Keller such a terrible driver	Because she was a woman.
Why is it prestigious to wear a condom	It's a members-only jacket.
Why was the lesbian nervous about her first trip to China	All the dongs.
Why aren't you allowed to smile when taking your driver IDs	Because you won't be smiling when the cops pull you over.
Why did the chicken cross the road	because you didn't cook it. ^^probably ^^old ^^but ^^I ^^read ^^it ^^for ^^the ^^first ^^time
Why do Chinese people suck at soccer	Because every time they get a corner they open up a restaurant.
Why did the man get excited when he had sex with a pregnant woman	He could tell all his friends he had a threesome!
Why do soviet policemen travel in groups of three	One to read, one to write, and one to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.
Why did the guitar shop fail a fire safety inspection	No Stairway.
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head	Because from a distance they looked like hares!
Why do Jewish men get circumcised	Jewish women will leap at anything 15% off.
Why are Gametes good at marketing	Sex cells!
Why was the Nigerian toddler crying	He was going through mid life crisis.
Why did China write such a shit constitution	Because two Wongs can't make a right!
Why do women have smaller feet than men	It's one of those ""evolutionary things"" that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink.
Why does a witch wear a pointed black hat	To keep her head warm.
Why were 9/11 victims the fastest readers	They went through 87 stories in 10 seconds.
Why do the French eat only one egg for breakfast	Because one is un oeuf
Why was the glow worm unhappy	Because her children weren't that bright !
Why are Jewish men circumcised	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 10% off
Why did everyone love the fisherman	He was a real catch
Why did the Elton John wax dummy get down voted	Because it was fake and gay.
Why are Teen aged boys so good at fishing	Because they're Master Baiters.
Why don't blacks celebrate thanksgiving	KFC isnt open on holidays
Why don't skeletons play music in church	Because they got no organs.
Why has barbie never gotten pregnant	Because Ken came in another box ;)
Why can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle	Nobody can.
Why doesn't Aaron want to get out of the water, even though he is hydrophobic	Because he enjoys living in denial.
Why did the woman turn to her husband and say ""now who the hell would dump such a nice sofa out here in the woods	She was looking at a bear and thought it was a sofa due to the four legs.
Why do Muslims love shopping at Ross	Because they can dress foreless.
Why are people who suffers from insomnia so excited at the moment	They only have to sleep 3 more times until Christmas
Why did the bodybuilder buy a dictionary	Because he wanted to get more definition.
Why was the sand wet	Because the sea-weed
Why did the farmer fail to bring in the whole harvest before winter frost	He got lost in the maize.
Why can't two Asians make a Caucasian	Because two wongs don't make a white.
Why do Jihadist Muslims drink only instant coffee	Because they completely hate the French press. (Reposted)
Why does a bride smile when she walks up the aisle	She knows she's given her last blow job.
Why do sorority girls travel in odd number packs	Because they can't even
Why are so many guys mean to their girl friends	Because of the [central limit theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_limit_theorem).
Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen	To protect himself from the harmful rays.
Why are there no good jokes about the Jonestown Massacre	The punchline is too long.
Why are there never any good side effects	Just once, I'd like to read a medication bottle that says ""May Cause Multiple  Orgasms
Why did the Atheist fail algebra	He didn't believe in higher powers.
Why did the farmer feed his cows money	He wanted rich milk.
Why did the SJW hate the Mexican robot	Because it was Pablo-matic
Why was Les miserable	He was French.
Why don't cows ever have any money	Because the farmers milk them dry!
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat	Because if they fell forward, they would land in the boat!
Why do peasants watch the Weather Channel	To get the serf report
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza	He ate it before it was cool.
Why was the girl in such a bad mood when she got out of jail	She had a period at the end of her sentence.
Why are lesbians statistically more poor than the average person	Because they eat out every night.
Why couldn't the melons run away and get married	They cantelope.
Why doesn't Yogi wear shoes	He likes to go... bearfoot! I'll see myself out...
Why did gays started to join NSA	They thought it stood for 'no straight allowed'.
Why do aspirins work	Because they're white.
Why can't a bike stand on its own	Because it's two tired. Edit: added ""because"".
Why did Hillary Clinton cross the road	(probably offensive) 9/11
Why are the developers of NoMansSky called Hellogames	Because you never get a goodbuy from them
Why can't Rabbit tell Winnie the Pooh to stop eating honey on Tumblr	Because he may get Tiggered
Why did reddit's admins go back to school	because they can't spell ""read it"".
Why did America remove the ""u"" from color	Because fuck u that's why
Why don't pencils and graph paper get along	Because they're made out of graphite
Why I dislike this sub: There's not enough cheese and bacon on it	I think I'll go to a different place for lunch next time.
Why couldn't the cup of tea climb flight of stairs	Because it was too steep.
Why do gorillas have such big fingers	Because they have such big nostrils.
Why is six afraid lf seven	Because seven just came back from a trip to West Africa.
Why did the tomato blush	Because it seen the Salad dressing ( I'll see myself out)
Why doesn't Superman need a boss	(OC) He already has supervision.
Why does an actor enjoy his work so much	Because it's all play.
Why do spiders hate Area 51	It's a no-fly zone.
Why does ACDC prefer Android to Apple	She's Got The Jack
Why did all the native people move out East	Because there is no work out there.
Why don't women like to wear dresses in the winter	Chapped lips
Why couldn't the traffic light get a date	She was wearing no turn on red. :|
Why do black people only have nightmares	Because we killed the only one who had a dream.
Why did the hipster dislike physics	Cause the system is broke, yo.
Why do elephants prefer peanuts to caviar	Because they're easier to get at the ballpark.
Why aren't midgets attention whores	Cause they know they're important.
Why do Congressmen make terrible cashiers	They're all too afraid of change.
Why did the vegetables invite the mushroom to their party	They heard he was a fungi
Why did cavemen drag their women around by the hair and not the feet	Because if they drug them by the feet the would have filled with dirt.
Why did the dinosaur eat the baby	?? It didn't. Humans did not appear until after the extinction of dinosaurs.
Why don't dinosaurs take ballet lessons	They outgrew their leotards.
Why does Father Christmas like to work in the garden	Because he likes to hoe hoe hoe
Why do Mexicans hate cooking pasta	When they boil the water, they always have to add that *pinche* salt.
Why don't Italians like Jehovah's Wittness	They don't like any witnesses.
Why are Trump supporters *not* Nazis	When Nazis demanded your papers, they said ""please.
Why was the cake lonely	Because he was deserted by his friends
Why is leather armor the best for sneaking	Because it's made of hide
Why did the recruiters at the teacher's college have so much sex	They were good at getting people into BEd.
Why did the raisin go out with a prune	He couldn't get a date!
Why does Bane and a monk get along well in the morning	Because the friar rises!
Why do Eskimos wash their clothes in Tide	Because it's too cold outtide
Why didn't Mark Watney get any pussy on Mars	Curiosity killed the cat
Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afganistan	Because there's a target on every corner.
Why can you not hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom	Because the 'P' is silent.
Why do orphans play tennis	It's the only way they can get love.
Why was William Henry Harrison's inaugural address so memorable	He had a killer final draft.
Why can't an egg ever be in charge	Because they crack under pressure.
Why did the girl fall off the swing	Because she had no arms
Why did the chicken cross the road	Because that's what you do when you are walking and you come upon a road, you cross it.
Why do zoos pay for simian liability insurance	To avoid monkey suits
Why don't they have bars in Syria	Because, they prefer to get bombed at home.
Why don't Dunkin' Donuts employees wear name tags	It wouldn't fit on their shirt.
Why weren't there any black guys in the flintstones	Because they were still monkeys.
Why did the little boy drop his ice cream	He got hit by a bus
Why do Jewish men get circumsized	Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Why is there a 100,000 oil limit in World of Warcraft Garrisons	Because anything more than that might cause an invasion by the United States of America!
Why do Americans spell it as 'color' and not 'colour'	Because fuck u that's why.
Why couldn't Mozart find his mentor	Because he was Haydn
Why doesn't anybody like feminist picnics	Because they never have any sandwiches.
Why was the Icelandic football player called into his manager's office	He had a cavity.
Why did the musician give his daughters the same name	So he could yell ""Anna 1, Anna 2!
Why did Mrs. Grape leave Mr. Grape	She was tired of raisin kids.
why do hens have no tits	'cause roosters got no hands
Why did the drunk guy call the sheep Legolas	Because it was a cloud
Why did Sodium Chloride get arrested	Assault.
Why doesn't Texas float away into the Gulf of Mexico	Because Oklahoma sucks.
Why don't amateur pornstars use big words	Because they're all laymen.
Why don't Black people like to go on cruises	... Because they're not falling for that one again.
Why are fish boots the warmest ones to wear	Because they have electric 'eels !
Why is Santa always so jolly	Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Why was the racehorse named Bad News	Because bad news travels fast!
Why did the dad make the joke	For the pun of it.
Why was 10 afraid of 7	Because 7 8 9.
Why did Hellen Keller's dog run away	You would too if your name was *ahruaergtw*
Why did the lifeguard save the hippie	Because he was too far out.
why didn't the cannibal want to be late to dinner	Because he didn't want to get the cold shoulder.
Why doesn't money bring happiness	Because if you have a billion dollars, almost anyone will be a bitch.
Why does Beyonce say ""to the left, to the left""	Because black people have no rights.
Why do soccer players not play in the rain	It makes their makeup run.
Why do liberal courts don't work	Because they don't like to judge anyone.
Why do Black people prefer big asses	Because they have a bigger machine to ride (   )
Why did the French fry call the police	Because it was a(salt)ted.
Why hasn't Kim Kardashian seen her asshole lately	He's on tour.
Why are Jews so rich	They are always looking for prophets.
Why couldn't the rabbit fly home for Easter	He didn't have the hare fare.
Why do they put cotton in pill bottles	To remind black people they were slaves before they became drug dealers.
Why didn't the two worms go into Noah's ark in an apple	Because everyone had to go in pairs !
Why is unemployment rising in Jamaica	Because they're jahbless!
Why are suicide kits so hard to sell on Amazon	They never have positive reviews.
Why do pornstars enjoy working as waitresses	Because they always get the tip
Why did Sally fall off the swing	? Because she had no arms.
Why do so many Muslim students take Intro to Engineering	They heard it was a great place to find 72 virgins.
Why does Michael Jackson like 26 year Olds	Because there are twenty of them.
Why don't women need to go to college	Because it doesn't take four years to learn how to make a sandwich.
Why do you never see a pregnant plane	They always go to the hanger.
Why did the disorganized suicide bomber's friends not like him	He was all over the place.
Why did the medieval Indian go to the doctor	He was feeling a bit Sikh
why Ed doesn't have a girlfriend	Cause sheeran.
Why were Helen Keller's hands purple... ...	because she heard it through the grape vine.
why did the snowman smile	He saw the snowblower coming
Why was the Ancient Egyptian boy confused	His daddy was a mummy
Why did the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos made it to the finals	Because they want that **Super Bowl!**
Why do Chemists have so much debt	Because they have so much Antimony!
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens	All they said was ,""Bach, Bach, Bach
Why are Fiat cars named as such	Because they aren't really worth anything. Econ 101 humor.
Why does Bill Clinton wear underwear	To keep his ankles warm.
Why do the french hate League of Legends	They have to wait 20 minutes before surrendering
Why are you not able to boil water in a tauntaun	Because they're not real.
Why couldn't the NSA agent leave his house this Winter	He was Snowden.
Why couldnt the laptop see	Cause it was SoDIMM
Why do black people think about sex so much	Because there's pubes on their heads.
Why I don't like people: 1% logical reasons. 99% just	because.
Why does a chicken coop has two doors	If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan
Why do people ask ""What were you thinking	Obviously I was thinking I was going to get away with it and not have to explain.
Why do midgets laugh while running through the yard	Because the grass tickles their nuts...
Why did the man drowning in the Nile River think he wasn't going to die	Because he was in de-nile.
Why do T Rexes have such bad anger issues	Because their fathers never hugged them.
Why were the two Chinese scientists having trouble cloning a caucasian	Because two Wongs can't make a white.
Why didn't Johnny Depp get an Oscar nod for Black Mass	The nominee pool was Whitey-nough already
Why Doesn't Humpty Dumpty Believe in Anything	Because he's an EGGnostic!
Why don't ants go to church	Because they are insects.
Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker	He wanted a well balanced meal.
Why is a great tune like great unprotected sex	The malady lingers on long after it's over ...
Why do mermaids wear seashells	Because their boobs are too big for b-shells.
Why shouldn't Donald Trump take Viagra as President	Instead of Melania, he will try to f*** every Juan.
Why did the sperm cross the road	Because it was my first wank in a week
Why couldn't Hitler change a lightbulb	It was just out of his reich.
Why didn't the doctor use Twitter to tell the patient that he had a deadly disease	Because the condition was untweetable.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth	He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Why did the Ogre cry when he left the doctor's office	He was diagnosed with shrecktal cancer.
Why do clumsy farmers make awesome DJ's	cause they're always dropping beets
Why did the snowman smile	...because he saw the snowblower coming.
Why does all of Jared Fogle's music sound the same	Because he loves to abuse A Minor.
Why is it called Big Bang	Baby universe was born.
Why did the antelope go to her sisters house	She wanted to see her nephewlope
Why did the angry Jedi cross the road	To get to the Dark Side.
Why did hitler kill himself	He saw the gas bill. It was over nein thousand.
Why do cannibals never go hungry	Because they can make themselves dinner.
Why can't the main character of Fallout 4 get a girlfriend	Because they're too young for him
Why do so many people in the South get married	Free shotgun
Why do you have to be blunt to fat people	Because if you sugar coat it, they will eat that too
Why are Native American strippers the best	When they dance they make it rain.
WHY couldnet anyone win at the Bangkok Olympics	Because its always a THAI game.
Why is chess confusing in Australia	That's check, mate.
Why did the cow win a Nobel Prize	Because he was out standing in his field.
Why was the dolphin so upset with the attendance of his drunken kegger	It lacked porpoise.
Why don't Mexicans have BBQs	Because the beans keep falling through the grill.
Why did the terrorist's post make it to the front page of reddit	Because it blew up.
Why do blondes prefer the pill instead the condom	Because it's waaay easier to swallow
Why was the cupcake so scared of the bong	Because the bong threatened to get him baked.
Why did the Tour de France get raided	The police heard it was full of pedal-philes.
Why are toilet tasks called ONE and TWO	Because TWO rhymes with POO
Why did the electric car finish the race early	It had a short circuit.
Why did the lady stare at the orange juice	Because she thought it was telling her to concentrate!
Why did the Mexican guy rob a train	He had a loco motive.
Why is it called almond milk	Nut juice"" wasnt very popular.
Why did the meatball chef get fired from the middle school cafeteria	They caught him stroganoff.
Why did the element Fluorine get a copyright strike	Because it was extremely reactive
Why are most reactionists black	Because stealing is the only thing they can do.
Why do lesbians like radishes	Because they like to get their daikon.
why is the bass player stuck outside	he doesn't know when to come in and can't find the right key anyway
Why do Chinese warriors die so easily in battle	No matter how much protective garments they wear, there's still a chink in the armor.
Why did the hen win a Wild West duel between it and a Peacock	Hen shot first.
Why are Jews so good at making action movies	Shlo-mo.
